1			sleeves	rolled	experience	bad			very bad purchase experience . i bought a shirt with a hole covered in the rolled up sleeves , but they denied my request to return it . i am so angery at this and will never shop their chothes anymore .
2			wifi	free	place	nice	soy	awesome			yes ! awesome soy cap , scone , and atmosphere . nice place to hang out & read , and free wifi with no login procedure .
1			amount	small	portion	large	food	overpriced	service	bad	staff	attentive no	interaction	terrible	neighborhood	bad	i	interested no	it	love	price	worth no	experience	horrible			the first time i went here was with a group we had reserved the entire restaurant for a retirement party . i had a horrible experience . vowed never to go back ! at that time , i even had a terrible interaction with the owner . this time i was invited with a couple of girlfriends because they love it . decided to try again since it was more about the get together than the food location . this time , overpriced food and bad service . overall , it was not anything out of the ordinary and not worth the price . i had the veal speciality . large portion , but ok . staff was not very attentive for the small amount of customers present . i am a pittsburgh native . this is a bad neighborhood . i am not interested in ever going back !
1			place	horrible			bed bugs ! ! ! horrible place ! do not stay here ! ! stayed here for a wedding we attended . woke up in the middle of the night with bites all over my legs , arms , and back . we flip a pillow over and there it was . bed bugs . we had to cut our trip short . the man at the front desk apologized and gave us the managers name and number and told us to call back later that morning . we have been calling since 8 10 and have yet to receive a call back . such disrespect . we risk bringing back bed bugs and spending hundreds on extermination fees and no has the decency to call back .
1			it	hard	visit	terrible	appetizer	free	building	empty	service	worst			came here later in the evening on a weekday to an empty building . no host ess , no wandering servers , no customers we had to search the place for someone to seat us and the first people we ran into were a couple of off duty servers who were rolling silverware . the male kindly sat us and got our drinks for us . it took a ridiculously long time for our server to even appear at our table and just as long for our food to come out . to make everything worse , the only other couple in the restaurant who were sitting behind us were complaining to the server about their food . the server returned to their table a bit later no manager and said that the manager told him that since the food is made early in the day , it can lose texture and flavor by the time it is served . what ? seriously ? ? ? ? it was hard to enjoy our food at all by the time it arrived . the food left much the be desired . the service was the worst i ' ve ever encountered . i don ' t usually leave complaints on restaurant websites but i had to leave one for this terrible visit . they gave us a coupon for a free appetizer . needless to say we did not return to redeem it .
1			waxing	overpriced	brazilian	worst			worst brazilian wax i have ever gotten . extremely painful and inefficient , still had a red welt 3 days later . she also used the same stick the entire time which is not sanitary . eyebrow waxing is significantly overpriced at $ 18 . do not go here for waxing !
1			soda	flat	restaurant	worst			terrible . the food they brought us didn ' t match what was on the menu . they brought out a different wine then we ordered and didn ' t tell us until we ask . they messed up out bill . they didn ' t accommodate for a member of our group that had an allergy . the beer was skanked . the soda was flat . possible the worst restaurant i was ever in .
2			biryani	special	food	awesome			i am in town for work and i decided to order food from here . the food was awesome ! i ordered the people ' s special biryani and they brought the food right to my hotel room . i will definitely order from here again the next time i ' m in town .
1			amount	pathetic	place	best	pho	worst			i only had pho so i can ' t judge the rest of the food , but the pho was the worst i ' ve ever had . biggest let down ever , as i drove here once and it was closed and came back excited to get my fill of pho at what ' s apparently the best place in pittsburgh , but left feeling sad . the broth tasted like water , and amount of beef and noodles you get was pathetic .
1			combo	perfect	hair	wet	salon	horrible			worst experience with a hairdresser ever , at this location . made an appointment with diane for a body wave . when i was sort of greeted by her she looked at my hair and said you get body waves ? yeah , that ' s why i booked one at your salon . then she argued with me about when to trim , i wanted after she wanted before , and after five minutes acknowledged that it didn ' t matter , but first telling me the perm wouldn ' t soak in on the ends unless she trimmed it . then she argued with me about the rods . it ' s taken me over ten years to figure out with aveda perm hairstylists what the perfect combo is . diane knew better , but finally agreed . then she proceeded to comb my wet hair , from the forehead back , scratching my scalp and jerking my head . that wasn ' t enough , though . she then started rolling it with the rods she thought i should have . i got up and left . when i addressed the problem at the front , no effort was made to help me other than to offer coming back and talking to the owner . yeah . right . that ' s gonna happen . horrible salon dirty , also , just as a side note .
1			beef	chewy	sandwich	enormous	food	decent	lunch	late	room	new	location	convenient	sandwich	ok	afternoon	bad			since my return to pittsburgh , i have been to the new elbow room several times . the food has always been decent and the location on walnut is convenient when i ' m in the neighborhood shopping . today i went for a late lunch . honestly , there were 5 people in the restaurant . it took forever for food to arrive at our table . could it be attributed to the fact that i was eating somewhere between lunch and dinner and they aren ' t sufficiently staffed ? i don ' t know . my beloved was happy as always with his enormous fish sandwich . my reuben sandwich was just okay . the corned beef was pretty chewy . probably should have gotten a salad . i ' m hoping that i just caught them on a bad afternoon .
1			business	shady	service	worst			stay away from this aamco ! they have the worst customer service ever ! we purchased a groupon to have our tires rotated and a fuel injection service performed , made an appointment and showed up 10 minutes early only to be informed that they were an hour behind . i even called before i went there to see if maybe there was a cancellation so maybe i cold get in and out earlier . the person who answered the phone , tasha , didn ' t say anything about them being behind . had she said so , i would have waited 45 minutes before going there . turns out i sat there for almost 3 hours ! not good ! then when it was time for me to check out , she tried to charge me $ 3 . 52 for ' shop materials ' . well , i happen to have worked in a shop and a couple of shop towels doesn ' t cost $ 3 . 52 . so i picked up my car keys and left . next i will be contacting groupon about this shady business .
1			deal	big	business	new	utility	public	company	new	people	apologetic	hampshire	new	billing	correct	service	local	england	new	information	bad			on yelp , a 500th review is a milestone . it ' s a big deal and for those of us that have written hundreds of reviews , it ' s a place to talk about a business that has had an impact on our lives fairpoint communications is such a business . fairpoint took over verizon ' s local phone service in this area recently and this is a review of their ability to deliver . in a nutshell , it has been a disaster . fairpoint took over my land line at home and billing was screwed up . they got the new business when my office moved to portsmouth . one day the landlines stopped working and our customers got a message that the number was no longer in service . when that was fixed , the lines didn ' t roll over properly . the billing was never correct . the internet connection required rebooting the dsl modem up to 15 times a day . calls about all of these issues rarely went well . people were apologetic but problems remained . calling about the same problem twice usually resulted in two different answers . two different people in my office were reduced to tears . most people and companies i know with fairpoint in new hampshire and maine are having similar troubles . . my company switched carriers recently . fairpoint managed to delay the switchover but it ultimately happened . someone from the new company was in our office for a few hours and since then , everything has worked perfectly . to fairpoint ' s management , i can only say that you bit off more than you could chew . whoever made this decision was either given bad information or they just didn ' t care . i hope you are fined out of existence . to new hampshire ' s public utility commission , i have to say that i have no idea what you do . i should review you separately . i don ' t generally give out one star reviews . this is my 500th review and only my 12th one star review . i ' m not giving details because all of the billing issues aren ' t resolved , but i will say that if anyone is looking for a phone company in northern new england , fairpoint is not the company you want to go with .
2			bar	warm	bar	welcoming	experience	amazing	food	awesome			had a great time at al miike ' s this week . the food was greatl the locals and the staff or great for company . the bartender suggested today ' s special , meatloaf , mash , and gravy . awesome comfort food to go along with the warm welcoming locally owned and managed bar and restaurant . if you haven ' t been to al mikes , you are truly missing out on an amazing all around warm neighborhood tavern experience . charlotte ' s version of cheers where you can feel like , everybody knows your name .
1			service	great	food	worst			great service , but this is honestly the worst food i have ever eaten out at a restaurant in my life . i dont suggest going here for food ever maybe for the drink specials and hookah but nothing else .
1			departments	many	they	fast	service	worst			i totally agree with you that time warner cable has one of the worst customer service i have come across . sorry for the comment . they may be the only service provider in this area that they do not care or the employees have not been paid enough that they do not care about their job . i signed up as they knocked at my door . like someone said , we need internet nowadays . we need cable tv in order we can get national or world news , more informatory program or some quality programs . they were fast to install for you . but when you do not have service , it takes forever to talk to someone on the phone or they hanged you up after waiting forever . however when i wanted to seek their help , they would not answer you without a pin and kept transfer you to so many departments really that big , i don ' t know till your phone call dropped . that will take you hours on the phone without a solution . as i need to move and cancel the account , they will give you a hard time . watch out this company .
1			review	rated	service	worst			it is the first time i gave 1 rated review , while i normally gave 4 5 stars regardless of service quality . the worst service came from twc . took me over an hour on the call but nothing had been done . all they did is to transfer the phone call to another representative after telling me i can ' t do this , i can ' t do that . worst service ever !
1			experiences	worst	beer	free	service	worst			the worst customer service by server and manager . we ' ve been coming here for years . tonight ' s experience is one of the worst restaurant experiences i ' ve ever had . supposedly there was a computer error with our food . fine , i understand it happens sometimes . however while waiting two hours , we repeatedly asked our server about our dinner . we got the same response every time . it ' ll be right up . he did not consider actually checking on the food . all the tables around us came , ate and left . meanwhile , our server could not even remember to bring water to the table without being asked multiple times . after i stopped asking nicely about our food , the server finally went to inquire . the manager offered to comp two beers for waiting two hours if we wanted to just leave . how generous . otherwise she offered to discount our meals and offered us what we thought was another round of beers . she did not even follow through on that promise . we were given one free beer each . pathetic . over 80 % of the restaurant was filled with people from our convention . people who make it a point to dine here every time we come . the server never apologized . nor did he bother to even clear our plates . there are plenty of other places to spend your money where it will be appreciated .
1			it	obvious	restaurant	love	tuna	seared	chef	real	tuna	old	looked	bad			i used to love this restaurant and have brought out of town guest there for dinner in the past years but this restaurant has gone downhill and should no longer be in business . my last visit was at lunch with other work colleagues a couple of weeks ago . i ordered seared ahi tuna salad . when it arrived , it was pretty obvious that the ahi tuna was old and on its way to being rancid . i was appalled that any real chef would ever serve anything that looked that bad . i was in a business setting where i did not want to make a scene so i ate only the vegetables and did not touch the tuna for fear of getting sick . the waitress never ask me if there was anything wrong with my dish even though it should have been obvious to her that i pretty much left the fish untouched . if you ' re uptown , do yourself a favor and go to halcyon , mimosa grille , ruth chris or bernardin before going here for lunch .
1			review	honest	service	horrible			horrible customer service . unless you are into horror movies or the simpsons the people working the counter can ' t give you a honest review . however they will make fun of your movie selections and treat you like crap . can ' t wait to go back ! !
2			place	ok	selection	great	people	amazing			this place is ok . the people who work there are amazing though . they love what they do and they enjoy helping you . they have a great comic book selection however , i wish they carried more toys . sadly , this placed is owned by a guy who only cares about profit and not customer service . kind of a jerk .
1			establishment	worst			i ' m not an avid go karter but i ' ve been enough times to know what to expect . this go kart establishment is by far the worst that i ' ve been to . i ' ve been to go karting in places in la , boston , and vegas and what all of those places had that this lacked was a safety training person video to tell you what the safety rules are . this place , all you do is sign up via computer , pay your way and you not guided look for the entrance to put your track suit on . no one in the room to tell you what to put on . no one in the room to tell you where to go . so you find your way to the track and wait in the line to drive . again , no training video , no guide to tell you what is what , what the rules are , etc . you just get in your car and drive . i wouldn ' t mind the lax safety security procedures so much if my brother and i didn ' t get yelled at by the manager owner on the track . his exact words were , where on planet earth can you still drive with yellow lights flashing ? if i ' m expected to stop at yellow lights on your track , you ' ve got to tell me before we start racing . backstory : the yellow lights were on because someone crashed ; okay so why do i need to use caution in other parts of the track where the crash isn ' t we slowed as we got closer to the crash site that ' s when we got yelled at ! we were like , whoa , where the heck did that come from . that ' s what ruined the racing experience . this place doesn ' t hold a candle to k1 or f1 .
2			it	ok	rib	prime	wine	overpriced	reviews	great	rib	special	place	amazing			eh , went here on christmas for dinner . had to first seating at 5 . order the special the prime rib , 5 minutes later oh we just sold out of that ! great ordered the filet and it was just ok . wine was outrageously overpriced . amazing this place gets such great reviews . oh and im og palm one goer . the lobbies would have been a better call .
2			church	awesome			awesome church full of the spirit of god !
1			something	new	decision	bad	food	prepared	service	bad			more like downstream . in town from ca and wanted to try something new . bad decision . bad service . food was bland & ill prepared . what a disappointment .
1			units	new	temperature	bad	module	bad	warranty	extended	kia	horrible	they	dishonest	service	terrible	unit	bad			we took my wife ' s sorento into for service on her a c for the first time in march . they told us it was her compressor and they replaced it . luckily we had a extended warranty and they covered most of it . that didn ' t work so we took it back . they said it was a bad control unit and wanted $ 600+ to replace it . i found it online for just over $ 400 and i replaced it myself . that didn ' t fix it so we took it back again . they said it was a bad control module and that they were going to replace it . they charged us for the replacement but didn ' t replace it and then determined it was a bad replacement control unit . they ordered a warranty replacement and i picked it up much to their disappointment and put it in myself . that didn ' t work either and after spending over $ 1000 and wasting two plus months with them we took it to dale jarrett kia in monroe . they determined it was a different module that determines the temperature was bad from the beginning and had most likely been the culprit the whole time . they were able to get kia to warranty two new control units that were damaged because the module had burned the other two out . they had it two weeks straight but were able to finally diagnose the cause and origin of the problem . folger kia has got to be the worse dealership in the charlotte area . we spoke directly with kia corporate and they apologized for how horrible folger kia was and how badly they treated us . my wife went in when we were finished dealing with folger to get a receipt to give to dale jarrett and mike melton treated her horribly . i will never use or recommend folger kia to anyone . they are dishonest and their customer service is terrible . if you have to use a kia dealer go to dale jarrett . it isn ' t that far but your experience will be so much better .
1			attitude	poor	showroom	terrible	business	small	service	horrible			horrible service . terrible showroom from 1980 . poor attitude by employee . $ 17 bucks for two balloons , which the employee self proclaimed he didn ' t know how to inflate with the helium tank . let it fold so another small business can have the spot and contribute to the community .
2			sandwich	decent	place	like	fare	standard	seem	successful	fries	curly	side	low	bits	little	hangout	nice	argument	ridiculous	it	crowded	food	traditional	hangout	local	it	bad no	place	recommend no	places	many	gunk	floating	fries	spicy	trivial	drunk	fries	tasty	impression	bad	aspects	good	asylum	like	burger	tasty	service	good	incident	aforementioned	i	successful	place	bad no			the sports pub is the kind of place i tend to find myself at when i get overruled by my friends on the east side . i don ' t know the east side of town all that well but i do know that i like the ale asylum a lot . i seem to be successful in getting everyone to go there about 25 % of the time ; otherwise we end up at the sports pub . i ' ve spent quite a few nights here and i can ' t really say i ' ve ever had a good time . if i could i ' d rate this 2 . 5 stars , because really this place isn ' t that bad . it ' s just that there are so many places with better beer , nicer bartenders , friendlier crowds and better food . every time i ' ve gone to the sports pub there have been good aspects of my experience , but something always goes wrong and i leave with a bad impression of the place . the first time , several years back , i remember having a really tasty burger , but the pitcher of capital had little bits of gunk floating in it and the bartender tried to blame that on me . that was enough for me to cross it off my list , but my friend really likes the place and i ' ve been back multiple times since . last weekend , for example , we went for the second half of the badger game . it was crowded to be sure , but the service was good and my sandwich was pretty decent . unfortunately this was marred by the fact that we could not see a television from where the table was positioned , which kind of defeated the purpose of going to a sports bar . i also got into a ridiculous argument with some drunk at the bar over something trivial , and i spent the rest of the afternoon hearing him loudly talk about me from across the bar . again , that ' s not really the fault of the sports pub but i just can ' t seem to have a nice time at this place . the menu is actually pretty broad , with traditional bar food done up right . the appetizers are the standard fare , and the spicy curly fries are really tasty . the tap selection is on the low side of ok . there ' s usually a capital and spotted , and aside from the aforementioned incident i haven ' t had a major problem with quality . there ' s a foosball table near the door where i once schooled a plastered townie five games in a row before hubris got the better of me and i was resounding beaten by his girlfriend . there are outdoor volleyball courts and leagues during the summer . i ' m sure that if i lived near this place i ' d probably find it a nice local hangout . but i don ' t , and every time i ' ve made the trip over from middleton i end up regretting the experience . i just can ' t recommend the place , though i ' m pretty sure that i ' ll find myself back there in the not so distant future . maybe then it won ' t be so bad , but i ' m not holding my breath .
2			date	little	food	fabulous	atmosphere	awesome			fabulous food and awesome atmosphere . perfect place to take your kids or have a little date . ; the only thing that is upsetting is that once you fall in love with something on the menu , it always gets taken off . i have had probably 3 or 4 dishes that i have loved over the years that are just no longer available .
2			foods	fresh	quality	terrific	selection	terrific			we go there for most of our fresh foods , it doesn ' t have the feel of a neighborhood grocer but the quality and selection are terrific .
2			deal	big	deal	hot no	area	full	minutes	good	place	full	lights	hot	salad	marginal	parsley	fresh	beef	like	dining	dated	i	confused	food	horrible no			we went in there on sunday for lunch , it was packed well the foyer was at least . after sitting there for ten minutes we were led to a dinig area that was maybe 1 3 full of customers . i was a bit confused on their use of host and hostesess . there was one person taking names , another checking the names , two other standing their alternating taking the diners to their seats in the dated dining room . christ the only reason we went to this place is because we had a gift card and i ' m hoping the gift giver next year makes a better choice . so my wife ordered the fettucini alfredo with chicken she has a standard and i ordered some sort of entre that appeals to men that only eat beef , toss it with some pasta and voila , dinner ! the humorous moment was when the server asked me how i would like my braised beef done it ' s braised , look it up . anyhow the sauce with it was a cream base , had some portabella mushrooms with it and some fresh parsley to make it appear fresh though my entre looked like it has been sitting under the hot lights for a good 10 minutes . the salad we got was marginal i don ' t get what the big deal is and the breadsticks seemed like they ' d been sitting in the basket for 10 minutes not so hot while our food wasn ' t absolutely horrible , i don ' t understand why this place is full all the time . i would love for it to be another 10 years or more until i eat here again . glad i wasn ' t paying for it !
1			they	expensive	it	worth no	?!	serious	smell	bad			this is place is just horrible . they tried to buy my $ 380 coach hand purse for $ 3 dollars ? ? ? ? ? are you fudging serious ? ! the whole store smell so bad , and the second hand clothes they well are way too expensive ! dont sell them your clothes people , it ' s just not worth the trip .
2			room	private	amount	ridiculous	bar	best	music	great	prices	awesome			clybourne is the best student bar in champaign . unlike most of the other campus bars , clybourne offers a multi floored facility , with plenty of room for sitting , drinking , and dancing . prices are awesome ! thursdays feature $ 1 coronas , tuesdays are wine nights where they serve $ 8 bottles of wine and champagne . sundays , my favorite , are $ 1 you call its . the music is always great and the place is slammed most nights of the week . i ' ve hosted lots of parties there and i always get a ridiculous amount of booze for the prices i pay also get a private room .
1			staff	nice	seating	great	seat	bad			wife and i had the opportunity to attend a yelp event ! the show was called circus americana . seating was great , don ' t believe there is a bad seat in the theater . staff was very nice , bathrooms very clean . parking is just across the street . would like to come back and see other performances !
2			it	cold	portion	weird	day	bad	beer	late	bisque	amazing			the lobster bisque is amazing i do agree , however anything above and beyond the bar takes acts of congress to get right . . the server took it upon himself to assume i wanted a side portion instead of a dinner portion of a salad at dinner time weird . it takes forever to get another beer , heaven forbid your thirsty on a bad day . lastly by the time my husband was able to grab the attention of said server for katsup and mustard his burger it was cold and my salad had yet to arrive . . hence the extra time to sip on my late beer waiting for dinner . . i would say there are better more collected establishments in the area wait as i hear the second ring from the kitchen for the salad that i can see from the window but can not have :
2			ol'	huge	drink	good	dog	hot	kids	scared	place	fun	it	good	size	decent	place	awesome			lets just say this place is awesome ! my sister in law ordered that huge ol ' hot dog and shared it with 3 different people . i had a bbq chicken salad and it was pretty good and a very decent size . i wanted to take the cup home that they served our drinks it ! it is a fun place to work out and if your kids are scared of dark make up i would definitely steer clear of this place ! ! ! but fun place to just enjoy a good lunch drink or two !
2			she	busy	i	mad	hair	dry	story	long	hair	horrible	she	caring	ombre	caramel	looks	pretty	she	fast	it	like no	she	nice	hair	light	tones	uneven	day	awesome			i walk on a sat morning at 11am for a retouch on my ombre hair . i had it blonde already and the lady first told me to wait i did . she then came back got me started put foils on which i think she wasn ' t going to do bec my hair was already light . i show her a picture and ask her if thats how it was going to look a few times and she keep telling me yes . long story short after3hrs or so she remove the foils and wash my hair put some treatment on it and left me there for another 30 45mins . i got tired of waiting for her and wash my hair and i also blow dry my own hair bec she was busy with 2 other ladies . my hair was horrible yellow and fry so burn , uneven tones of yellow orange black and red when all i wanted was a caramel ombre . i was so mad but i still just pay her after 6+hrs all i wanted was to go home so i had no energy for arguing . i did told her i didn ' t like it and that it was too yellow she just said it looks pretty and continue on checking me out . i do not recomment rachel or the location on 16th st at all . i when the next day with the intention of looking for the owner so i when to the other location on 15th ave and camelback lorraine was awesome she immediatley address me and apologize , did a color correction . she fix my hair it look exactly how i wanted . she was really nice caring and ask what i wanted and not wanted . she was also super fast and did my hair in about 2hrs or less . i really recomment lorraine at the camelback location . she also didn ' t charge me for the correction she just apologize for the incovenience and gave me a treatment to fix my brittle dry hair .
1			food	worst			mu shu was closed so we gave this place a try for takeout . sundays and asian food , i know . i ' m asian . currently suffering worst food poisoning in this decade , the kind that tears your back up from violent heaving . don ' t get chicken .
2			doctor	great	she	caring	she	thorough	man	aged	thorough	smart	doctor	primary	physician	primary	i	upset	physician	amazing			dr . austin is an amazing physician . she is compassionate , caring and thorough . she is the only physician in her office , which means when she needs to provide more time to patients before you , you will wait . but guess what , one day that may be you you may need that extra time . so i have never once been upset if my appointment wasn ' t started at the exact minute it was scheduled . she has been my primary doctor for over seven years and unless she retires , she will be my primary physician for the foreseeable future . if your treatment requires more specialized treatment , she knows who and where to send you . as a middle aged man i purposely chose dr . austin because she is smart , compassionate , listens , thorough and has never once said fully booked when i ' ve asked to see her for any reason that day . if you are looking for a great doctor , dr . austin is it 100 % .
1			experience	worst	i	happy no	order	wrong	girlfriend	calm	she	friendly	she	rude	service	bad			one of my worst experience ever my eating pupusas . with that said the owner took our order and she was rude not friendly at all . . 1 . she get the order wrong 2 . she food was kind of cold 3 . seen like she didn ' t want to be there she is the owner found out she was the when i was paying the bill 4 . she was trying to over charge the bill postings images of bill . 5 . she never told us about the drinks weren ' t free refills 6 . got mad when i pointed out that the bill was added wrong 7 . slam the bill on the table when she corrected it . even my girlfriend who is calm was shocked 8 . when the bill the guy owner said sorry for the bad service when noticed i not happy
1			thing	curious	day	busiest	experience	horrible			ok so we went to the zoo this past saturday and just our luck it was the busiest day of the year so far according to one of the workers . we had a wonderful time until we got to the paddle boat area and had a horrible customer service experience with an employee named zach . we tooled around in the paddle boat for our 20 minute ride and upon leaving went to pick up our $ 5 deposit . as we approached the desk zach raised his voice and said you will not be receiving your deposit back because you broke the rules and let your daughter sit in an area that is off limits on the boat . we had no idea what this kid was talking about . he again raised his voice and people started to stare he said you signed a contract that said she wasn ' t allowed to sit in the middle of the boat . you made a decision to break their rules and therefore have lost your deposit . wow . all i can say is if this is such a dire safety issue , why not tell people when they get in the boat ? so ridiculous and quite the scam to keep our $ 5 . they even had devised a hand signal so the person at the cash register would know not to give our money to us . the most curious thing to us was why didn ' t they just tell us to have her move over while we were in the boat ? they never mentioned it to us . it seriously ruined our trip . zach , you really take your job way too seriously dude . oh , and i stopped payment on my debit card take that !
1			food	edible	service	horrible			not only is the food overpriced and barely edible , the service is horrible ! for the money , if you really need a chain restaurant , head down the road to chilli ' s .
2			sandwiches	good	place	love	favorites	personal	burrito	quick	sandwiches	homemade	lunch	good	place	great	food	fast	food	delicious	sandwich	awesome			i love this place ! it ' s walking distance from my office that service delicious fast food . it ' s a great place to grab a quick freshly made breakfast burrito or sandwich . the lunch is very good too ! they have a daily special that includes a side and a drink and they have good homemade type sandwiches . my personal favorites are the korean bbq sandwich and they make an awesome tuna salad sandwich ! tell them i sent ya !
1			i	ready	she	rude	service	horrible			this was my first experience eating jack in the box since i moved from ga to az 2 days ago . the service was horrible ! cashier had attitude when i told her i was still reviewing the menu . when i was ready to place my order she was very rude & sighing as if she needed me to speed up . then i watched as she prepared her food , placed it on a tray & walked off as my food sat in the window . the drive thru person came to see if i had been helped & proceeded to bag my food after i told him i was waiting . this place needs better service .
2			soup	amazing	flounder	amazing			the salt and pepper flounder is amazing . the egg drop soup is amazing as well .
1			steak	like	olives	diced	breast	great	you	welcome	notch	top	steak	like no	salad	love	potatoes	good	oil	light	mashed	bad			simply put , if you like chicken fried steak and you haven ' t been here you don ' t really like chicken fried steak . i ' ve eaten chicken fried steak pretty much everywhere in the world that its available and it just doesn ' t get much better than this . go with the fried potatoes instead of the mashed . not that the mashed are bad , just that the fried potatoes are so good . for those that are less enthusiastic about chicken fried steak , the fried chicken breast is also great as are the steaks and burgers . love the house salad with light oil dressing and diced olives on top . oh , and the biscuits , top notch , top notch . don ' t let them get away with bringing you a bread basket that ' s half filled with biscuits and half filled with some wheat roll disaster , ask for all biscuits . you ' re welcome .
2			taste	bad	sushi	memorable	she	apologetic	i	good	menu	limited	sushi	bad no			here ' s the thing shortly after being seated the waitress spilled an entire pint glass of water directly in my lap . she was extremely embarassed and very apologetic , and i was good natured about the incident because after all , it was just water . however , what bothered me was the fact that no manager or lead came to the table to apologize or at least buy me a beer . there are three people at my table cleaning up ice and water , and an hour later i leave your restaurant still wet and you can ' t take a moment to address the situation ? it left a bad taste in my mouth . in addititon , the happy hour menu is rather limited and the sushi isn ' t bad , but not memorable either . i ' d much rather do happy hour at ra or some other more consistant establishment .
1			haircut	good	she	great	bangs	sexy	i	alone	bangs	cute	which	love	need	bad			i was in bad need of a good haircut . i knew i wanted bangs , some layers , something cute and sexy . . is that possible ? yes it is when you have kristina cut your hair ! wow ! she was really great . she took the time to educate me on what ' s best for my hair , different bang styles , etc etc . also , kristina wasn ' t a chatty cathy which i loved . sometimes i like to just sit in quiet and be alone with my thoughts . she allowed me that space while still giving me pertinent information . the only thing is that i would have liked to know up front what all the extras would have cost . shame on me for not asking though . i already prebooked another appt with kristina , that ' s how happy i am with my cut .
2			dentist	best	i	worried no	office	awesome	office	bad	dentist	good	review	good	i	glad	staff	awesome			yelp probably isn ' t the place you ' d look for a dentist , but i ' m glad amy posted a good review because that ' s what brought me into dr . radcliffe ' s office . i ' ve never been happier with a dentist . i like to say that a dentist is only as good as his reception staff , and sometimes a bad front office ruins the best dentist . not the case here the staff is as awesome as the dentist . and the office is awesome as well , bright and modern the way it should be . dr . radcliffe is very approachable extremely nice and quite good at what he does . he treats you like a member of the family . it sounds weird to say , but i don ' t dread going back and i ' m not worried when it ' s time , because they ' ve always gotten me in whenever i wanted !
2			dip	hot	bean	spicy	menu	promising	dip	mild	dip	awesome	food	awesome			awesome food . first time here so i can ' t guarantee all the items , but what i tried makes me think the menu is promising . wow . yum . and they have a daily special that ' s happy hour prices . not to mention the awesome chips and dip mild , hot hot , and spicy bean dip that come out as soon as u sit . yum !
2			table	open	food	excellent	it	scrumptious	stew	short	server	excellent	wine	smooth	option	small	thing	bad no			let me start out by saying that my only critique and the only reason i didn ' t give them five stars , is i made reservations on open table and because of a lot of people lingering in the restaurant , they put us in the bar . but , i have to say that really turned out to be not a bad thing as our server was excellent , the food was excellent and the wine was smooth and wondeful . i had their 16th st short rib stew and kuddos that you have a small portion option and it was scrumptious . i practically licked the plate and you always know its a winner when i don ' t offer to have anyone taste my dish . it had been a long time since we were there and i doubt if it will be a long time before we go back .
2			hair	cute	i	obsessed	dogs	little	business	fantastic	look	amazing			fantastic business the best in town ! ! ! i so appreciate the love and care these ladies provide to my kids when i drop them off . they always look amazing when they come home with cute hair or clean teeth . i am obsessed with my little dogs and hate leaving them with strangers . these gals are like family ! ! !
2			differences	subtle	it	mediocre	menu	standard	thing	closest	food	good	thing	awesome			i don ' t know what they ' ve done , but this place has seriously improved their food over the past year . i was wary to try it again since the first time i went yes , over a year ago it was less than mediocre . i live less than a mile away , was jonesing for indian food one day , and didn ' t want to drive far . i forced myself to go here and am now completely ecstatic that there ' s an indian food joint i can walk to , gorge myself , and roll my arse home . the menu is standard , but somehow a little better because they offer dishes that have subtle differences . hmmm , let ' s see . i don ' t know if i ' m going to describe this correctly : okay , i ' m a vegetarian don ' t stop reading this , damnit ! i know what good food is ! starting over i ' m a vegetarian , and i eat a lot of indian food , and i have eaten at a lot of indian food places . i don ' t claim to be an indian foodie , but i do know that the vegetarian dishes have subtle differences so i think some places omit the dishes that are similar and just hope that people who come in order the thing that ' s closest to the thing they really wanted . there ' s one dish i always order paneer tikka masala , that some places don ' t have so i order the closest thing to it , and of course i can ' t remember it right now but it ' s another paneer dish with a tomato base that ' s similar . the thing that ' s awesome about this place is that it has both , as well as other dishes that other restaurants sometimes don ' t put on the menu . you know what i mean ? who cares if you know what i mean four stars !
1			chicken	chilly	it	hard	capsicum	chilly	dish	worst			we order 2 plates chilly chicken , but it is so hard to find chicken in it . they cooked it with 75 % of onions , capsicum and 25 % of chicken . they should change dish name , it should be chilly capsicum instead of chilly chicken . worst dish ! ! ! don ' t ever order chilly chicken here .
1			wash	bad	number	new	service	usual	news	good	news	bad			bad wash as usual and no customer service . now they expect you to do what they can do in 30 seconds change my new license plate number in their system now the customer has to go online and do it . convenient yes but never going back ! ! ! the good news is they get you in and out quickly , the bad news is the quality of the wash leaves little to be desired and they beat you up for everything from windshield repair to oil changes to details and so on . after many years , i have had enough ! ! !
1			service	slow	service	bad			really bad & slow service . will not return .
1			pizza	mediocre	it	boring	service	horrible			mediocre pizza , horrible service . we told the waiter that we were in a hurry and it still took 45 minutes to get the food . we had two minutes to eat it and it was boring . then i got to argue with the waiter , so that was fun . go to the parlor . it ' s got better pizza and way better service .
1			macaroon	old	macaroon	crunchy	tiramisu	stale	pastries	gross	macaroon	stale	people	rude	people	horrible			these people are horrible and rude . the macaroon and tiramisu that i got from them were so stale , they smelled like the fridge they were kept in . the macaroon was so old and crunchy that i spit it out . one bite of the tiramisu and i threw it out . don ' t waste your money at this place . $ 12 for two very gross pastries .
2			it	upscale	story	long	it	worth no	it	like	valentines	new	clothes	new	valentines	sexy	peacoat	heavy	nuggets	cold	food	bad no			unfortunately this is the place i picked out for our valentines day dinner i had to take all the blame . getting ready was fun , i heard it was a little more upscale being located in the biltmore area . so we put on our new clothes , smellin good , lookin good and exchanged gifts now we were off to eat ! i first made reservations for 8 : 30 , however , they called me a couple of days prior to ask if i ' d move to 8 no biggie because they were having an afterparty at 10 lame . when we arrived at 7 : 45 we still had to wait in the bar until 8 : 30 lame again . the place at least bar area . . never saw the actual restaurant was very pretty and dimly lit . i liked it alot . we ordered one well vodka martini and and knob hill and coke that came to $ 18 . 00 . we finished our drinks and waited about another 10 minutes to be seated seated where ? ? ? literally 3 feet behind where we we standing in the bar . yep ! our table was and im not joking about 15 feet from the front door , 10 feet from the hostess stand , and in the waiting lounge . so like i said , we never saw the restaurant . since the door kept opening from customers coming in i was absolutely freezing . . so cold i had to wear my heavy peacoat during dinner lame x3 and my husband was actually freezing cold too , which never happens . so much for my new , sexy valentines outfit we ordered our meal but the waiter messed up and gave the table who sat 15 20 minutes after us our second course . we had to wait 35 minutes between our salad and our appetizer ; and of course our entree came within 30 seconds of our app . anyway , long story not short , the bill with tip came to $ 140 and obviously included a wasted and crappy time the food wasn ' t too bad , but will never go again and let people know it ' s not worth it ! ! ! ps your catfish nuggets were cold too ;
1			coffee	worst			blah , worst coffee ever . had this place 2 weeks ago and i will never come back . their drip coffee tasted watered down , overpriced and it was by far the shittiest coffee i have ever had . i would much rather get my coffee from am pm then ever walk into this place again . horrible .
1			experience	worst			do not take your vehicle if you value your sanity and your money . this was the worst auto repair experience i ' ve had and if i never have another experience like this one , it would still be too soon for me .
2			food	sick	food	worst	entree	terrible	chips	bad no	staff	good	salsa	bad no			worst food ever . don ' t waste a cent at this place . staff was good and chips and salsa weren ' t bad but the entree was terrible . first you couldn ' t even tell what you were eating . second the price was way to high for the quality of food . third the food made me and my girlfriend sick all night and the next morning . also you can eat at much better mexican food places for the same price . blanco at the biltmore for example .
2			vegetables	like	place	recommend no	bathrooms	bad no			i wish i could say that my complaints are isolated to this single store . they are not . the food is cheaply done for a not so cheep price . one dish tends to taste like five others that they have . like its the same sauce , just with different meats and sometimes vegetables . it feels like the place belongs in the food court of a mall . not near a goodwell . i suppose its location can tell you something about the quality of food one is going to get . the employee always look over work and seem to not enjoy being there . it makes it feel like i have slave labor preparing my food . which is a little disconcerting . the bathrooms are not to bad , but at timea are filthy . at least the food and dining area look clean most if the time . i can ' t recommend this place as i avoid eating here myself .
1			job	terrible	tips	unique	job	poor	visit	bad			after moving back to the area from cali i needed somewhere to get my acrylics done . i usually like to get some kind of design or unique tips . after walking in i saw some tips i liked so i decided to try out this place . the first visit was bad the nail tech would not listen to the length of nails i was requesting and did a terrible job at shaping them . i always give people more than one chance so i went back and this time i got a pedicure first then the nail tech left the salon and i sat near the dryer for 45 min before approaching the manager about the length of time i had been waiting for a fill . he replied unapologetically that the tech had to leave to pick up her son from school i sat another 15 min before i was seen by someone else . they also did a poor job . i will not spend my money somewhere that they do not value their customers . not to mention they did a crap job and were overpriced when it came to designs and tips with prints on them . don ' t waste your time here .
2			bar	best	wings	best	jt	awesome			the best bar in the world . the best wings in the world . jt is awesome .
2			prices	great	rest	great	i	pale	occasion	special	she	amazing			i have been coming here for years ! the prices are great and the owner is a gem ! the rest of the staff is great too ! even though i haven ' t been in at least a year i was flying on the east coast she knew my name and remembered what i do and whatnot . i was never a regularly tanning person . i am generally very pale and usually just tan when i have a special occasion . last time i was going often was my friends wedding 3 years ago . anyway . she is amazing the prices are great and its very hygienic . according to previous reviews the beds are older . but i dont mind its not worth paying a lot more and going somewhere snooty .
1			menu	clear no	experience	worst	job	horrible			the worst experience in my life . the menu is not clear and the waitress did a horrible job describing the ingredients .
1			restaurant	recommend no	i	recommended no	restaurant	best	pasta	ugly	espresso	bad	it	expensive	restaurant	bad			the really bad italian restaurant in scottsdale , the chef is snubbing that he do not allow any people to change the side of the plate because he want you to force to buy extra pasta for $ 16 . 00 dollars . please take care when you order the extra ugly and not flavors pasta it is expensive , the any dessert is over $ 15 . 00 and the bad espresso is $ 5 . 00 dollars , i ate on the best italian restaurant in dubai , london , germany , italy . but i never ate crap like this i do not recommended this restaurant . i prefer tomaso or tutti santi by nina .
1			pedicure	new	salons	worst	staff	rude	job	plain	job	simple	selection	horrible			this place is one of the worst nail salons i have been to . horrible color selection , rude staff and plain and simple junk job . the owner wendy did my girlfriend pedicure and cut her skin , when she said it hurt she squirted a mystery potion on which stung but hopefully disinfected gross . i wanted to go somewhere else and have a new pedicure done when i left ! not to mention they changed the prices last minute . dont waste your time or money on this dump . horrible . horrible . horrible .
1			service	horrible			when i went , my male manicurist took two smoking breaks in the middle of doing my nails ! and then when i went back and got the same guy , he didn ' t even massage my shoulders ? ! ? wtf ? ! the service was just outright horrible and i will never come back here again . the only reason i went back the second time in the first place was with a friend and her mother unexpectedly to this place . would not recommend .
2			decor	love	i	excited	salon	upscale	rooms	relaxing	it	classy	rooms	great	stylists	fabulous	mixture	best	nichole	sweet	it	appealing	dermabrasions	micro	salon	recommend	nichole	new	she	amazing			i ' ve been going to salon surreal for about a year now . i get my waxes done there , and am totally in love with kari ! ! ! those back rooms are great , and relaxing . i ' ve gotten a facials and micro dermabrasions done as well , all of it well worth the time and money i spent ! i also have my hair done now by nichole , who is new to the salon , but super sweet ! ! she ' s actually going to be doing my hair and the bride ' s hair for my brother ' s up coming wedding ! and from what i ' ve heard of her other formal ' do ' s she ' s amazing , so i ' m very excited about that . no matter what you ' re looking for this salon and spa has what you need ! and if you ' re not sure , give them a call and the receptionists can give you a recommendation ! i love the decor of the place , it ' s appealing to the eye if you know what to look for and it ' s classy . i would say it ' s the best mixture of an upscale salon and a place i could go just to hang out . everyone that works there is nice and their personalities run the spectrum ! ! some are sweet and soft spoken while others are boisterous and outgoing . the one thing i would never say is that this salon is anything like a factory . it ' s functionality and flowing set up allows clients to be the center of their stylists , esthetician , or nail techs attention . each person there brings their own personality and pop ! to their area but is by no means cluttered . i would recommend this salon to anyone visiting the phoenix area ! ! they have fabulous male and female stylists , massage therapists , estheticians , and nail techs ! ! ! !
2			salon	upscale	color	beautiful	look	new	spots	many	cut	love no	cup	tiny	salon	like	spots	available	it	love	need	bad	personality	awesome			i really wanted to like this salon . after the reviews i read , i was expecting a really upscale salon . while the iced tea served there is good , i diddnt think they would bring it to me in a tiny styrofoam cup . i used to go to rolfs . but wanted a change . i explained this to the receptionist that i am in bad need of a new look . i tried to book my appointment with bobby , but he was on vacation . so i asked who was good with coloring brunette hair and she told me rachel . i arrived early because after reading reviews i thought parking would be a nightmare . i had no problem parking and there were many spots available . rachel was a doll . she had an awesome personality . and after i told her i really wanted a change , there wasnt much hair cut off at all . the color was beautiful when i left the salon , but the red washed out within 3 days . i was very dissapointed . also i saw other stylists giving the neck massages forever ! however , i diddnt get any such treatment . the only time i got in the sink was to quickly wash the color out . i do not love the cut . when i spend that much money on a salon visit . i think i should love it . i will not be returning to the salon . but for those of you who wish to , there is a 20 percent off coupon on arizonaspagirls . com
1			event	special	place	love	degree	bad			normally i love this place but today management failed . they were understaffed to a criminal degree which is bad for employees and patrons . its not like the derby came as a surprise . never coming back for a special event here . i did go to the 7th st and union hills location for preakness and had a much better experience . get your act together on 16th st and i could be persuaded to try again .
2			staff	apologetic	massage	amazing			i hate to rain on the love parade for this place , but my husband and i went last night for pedicures . i called earlier in the day and made appointments . when we got there we waited 20 minutes to even get to the pedi chairs . my husband waited another 10 minutes before a technician even started with him . during the service she cut his toe ! the upside of his service was that she gave an amazing leg and foot massage . now back to my experience . . basically my service didn ' t begin until 25 minutes after i got seated in the pedi chair did i mention we had appt . for 5pm ! 45 minutes after our stated appointment time , i finally saw my technician . unfortunely we had dinner reservations and had to leave in a limited time , so i basically got shafted on the massage ! the staff was apologetic about the timing , but first impressions are a killer . i really don ' t think we will be going back . sorry biagio :
1			bangs	bad	experience	worst	service	horrible			if i could gives this place 0 stars i would ! worst experience ever ! horrible customer service and the lady who cut my hair messed up my bangs so bad ! i can ' t believe she has a license to cut hair . beware of the chola lady with red dike hair !
1			i	excited	place	love	amount	perfect	mexico	new	place	local	pizza	bad			i absolutely love this place . i just moved back to arizona from new mexico and was really excited to find a local pizza place . there is a perfect amount of garlic in their pizzas . its just fantastic . i ' ve never gotten a bad pizza ever . .
1			customer	horrible			apparantly after 10 years i ' ve been removed from the delivery zone and told that they have never delivered to me because they have no delivery history . hmmmm . i ' ve got 10 years of order history from this store but they have never delivered to me . never , never , never go to this store if you can help it . horrible customer service ! !
2			fashion	high	deals	sweet	starbucks	awesome			me and my wife come to this place all the time . she needs a lot of coffee , that ' s why . anyways , we like to come here and get an black tea for me and an americano for my wife and then head on over to petsmart to look at puppies and kitties . next we go over to ross and try to score some sweet deals so we look like high fashion . that ' s basically how every weekend goes and it ' s all started by this very awesome starbucks . a+
2			thing	bad no	selection	awesome			it ' s a whole foods . they are all the same ! which isn ' t a bad thing for whole foods considering the awesome food and product selection !
2			price	great	days	sweet	experience	great	great	creative	one	little	great	safe	great	clean	place	fun	music	great	place	awesome			awesome place ! clean , creative , safe , great music and environment for imaginative kids to have a blast . our little one just turned 6 and we were visiting the area . we weren ' t sure if this place would be fun for kids older than say 4 or 5 . she had sooo much fun ! reminded me of sweet days when i was in kindergarten . this is a great play experience : so glad we went and at a great price !
2			burrito	incredible	place	awesome			home of the incredible exploding burrito . this place is awesome if you want to wear your food . actually , that might be better than eating it . :
2			condition	best no	section	vintage	bookmarks	free	prices	best	price	original	place	great	it	amazing			great place with best book prices . some of the books are not in the best condition but they are a fraction of the original price , all of them are . it ' s amazing . i ' ll go in there and spend and hour or two looking through different books . they ' ve got everything i like there , photography , nature and some technology . i also love stopping in there so i can grab those free bookmarks they have at the register . also have a cd , record and vintage book section there that is always fun to look at . of all the books i ' ve bought there there were under $ 20 .
1			horseradish	like	croutons	love	salads	worth no	lettuce	cheap	looks	fantastic	notch	top	salads	pathetic	onions	free	mushrooms	awesome	salad	small	sauce	horrible			came in last night for free blooming onions . we went straight to the bar area and ordered our onion , mushrooms and two side salads . first off the blooming onion is always looks fantastic but that sauce is horrible . i get that some people like horseradish but to me it ' s a taste that i can never get out of my mouth . i don ' t know who you folks are that like horseradish , but i just can ' t trust you . the mushrooms were awesome as always ! we even took half of the order home and warmed them up in the oven for a snack . however , the salads were kind of pathetic and not worth $ 3 . 99 each . i loved the croutons though . but , the salad was very small with cheap iceburg lettuce . service was top notch . we never went without a refill and he checked back after everything he brought us .
2			gel	thick	amount	right	prices	decent	job	good	they	mad	job	great	options	many	color	regular	job	nice	it	amazing			pretty nice despite the location . very quick to get me in a seat and get started . not to welcoming though . presented a nail design and they did everything they could to match it for me . also did a good job trying to match my gel polish color to my regular polish color for my toes . did a great job with the gel , very thick and covered entire nail . lasted a long time , about 2 1 2 weeks maybe . the pedicure was one of the best i ' ve ever had ! the had many options for the pedicure . you could pick what you wanted at decent prices . i get pedicures for the massaging . longest massage i have ever gotten without paying extra . with both the sea salt and lotion . it was amazing and just the right amount of pressure . did a nice job painting my toes as well . they were a little mad i didn ' t have cash for a tip though , i never carry cash . i will defiantly be coming back here !
1			airport	worst			worst airport for baggage claim . they move carousels all the time and take forever to deliver the bags . should be so much easier than what they make it .
2			price	bad no			on more than one occassion i have had to park here . it is not a bad price , but now i see they have coupons , and i am going to have to start getting those . we are all into not spending too much $ 4 lately . well , at least this week , hee hee . anyway , had cut my time short on my last trip . so i did not think that i would be able to make my check in time for my flight . but , i got there parked , got to level 3 and thru security with time to spare . great i know~ ! fast , quick and easy . i just need to get those coupons and fast .
1			bus	nasty	she	rude	experience	horrible			the fist time ever ridding a bus . . . st los angeles statio where i was leaving from was great . but when i arrived to phoenix i had the most horrible experience . the lady name elsa or some thing like that was ordering tacos while i was in front of her face . i was tiring to get to tucson arizona i just wanted to buy a ticket and the lady did not listen she was really rude . not riding grey hound ever in my life again the bus was nasty , smelled bad , to crowded , loud , ghetto .
2			i	cool no	coasters	big	crowd	good	price	bad no			we went on a saturday night in early may . it wasn ' t too crowed , but there was a good crowd there . a few of the rides were closed . i found out that i ' m a screamer on the big coasters , and since i had to take my glasses off i just kept my eyes closed . i also learned that i am not cool enough to drive a bumper boat . we didn ' t play golf or really take advantage of the arcade . we got in on a group deal so the price wasn ' t too bad , and i felt that the snack bar was reasonably priced as well . we decided that we would come back again .
1			wings	hot	reviews	mixed	containers	ready	taste	odd	note	positive	joint	new	wings	disgusting	order	requested	delivery	quick	opinion	personal	requests	special	$	worst			there were such mixed reviews that i had to find out for myself . i ' ve been looking for a new neighborhood pizza joint and hoped that maybe this place could be it . no no noooo wayyyyyy ! ! ! first : i ordered hot wings , all drummies and extra crispy . the rep said that i couldnt have my requested order because the wings come pre made , in oven ready containers . when someone orders wings , they take it out of the fridge and place the container in the oven to heat it up . therefore , unable to take special requests . the pizza arrived piping hot but i had asked for well done with the cheese brown and bubbly . the cheese was melted . i have to agree with the other reviews , there was an odd taste to the sauce and cheese . i ' m from wisconsin so i can taste real , quality cheese . this was very odd tasting cheese . the wings were absolutely disgusting . barely warm . i put them under the broiler after they were delivered and they still tasted rubbery . the skin was drenched in sauce but unable to get crispy , even after my broiler attempt . very fatty . on a positive note , the delivery was quick . i wish they would have taken the extra time to at least make an effort to make the customer happy . honestly , and my own personal opinion because i ' m no expert i dont think the wings were even at health dept standards . this was the worst $ 30 i ' ve ever spent . i encourage people to do more research before settling on gino ' s . i ' ll never order from here again .
2			place	recommend	they	fast	work	amazing			sister sister does amazing work . and they are super fast at what they do . i recommend this place for braiding and weaves .
1			food	delicious	service	horrible			delicious food . horrible service at this location . go to the southern and mcclintock location for better service and friendlier staff .
1			service	horrible			horrible customer service at this location , out of stock on a lot of items that are on sale . i will spend my money somewhere else .
2			sub	good	food	bad no			not so clean , both the facility and the workers . this place has been here forever and they do make a good toasted sub . they should , they were doing it long before toasting was an option at most chain sub shops . if you can get past the cleanliness , the food is not bad although i do wonder about the hygiene practices in the back where they make the subs .
1			beer	overpriced	glass	warm	food	overpriced	beer	warm	service	horrible			went to dinner tonight and got horrible service , nothing worse than serving you a semi warm overpriced beer in a warm glass . food was ok way overpriced .
2			he	attentive	guy	tall	view	awesome	slide	big	he	amazing	food	bad	night	crazy	bull	adorable	rice	bland	shrimp	tasteless	waiter	amazing			well , food was bad . my shrimp was tasteless . i mean . no seasoning at all . bland rice . others at the table said the same thing about their food . amazing waiter though . for a crazy friday night with kids everywhere he was amazing and attentive . wish i remembered his name . very tall guy . lol . this place is geared more for children for sure . a big slide , a balloon guy comes to the tables ect . an adorable bull is near the entrance and the view is awesome . but i would say this place is more for kids than an adult night . that ' s just my opinion .
2			she	amazing			toni has been a god send with a very reactive dog that i had . we worked hard , did the training and the investment of time , but toni was the one that was able to talk me through my options . she is invested in her commitment to what she does and is amazing in how she works with these dogs . i have referred several other people to her that have been very happy .
1			place	worst	service	horrible			the worst place i have ever been . the service was horrible and the food was even worse . if u are someone who values customer service this isnt the place for you .
1			it	bad			be careful using a credit card here . michael the bartender charged our credit card incorreclty twice ! i had to file a dispute with my bank . if i go back , i will only pay cash ! it ' s too bad , with money tight these days , you have to watch very closely .
2			place	love	salads	good	pizza	chipotle	pizza	spicy	it	recommend	choice	expansive	it	good	service	great	they	amazing			love this place . great service and always fast . not super busy for the times i ' ve been here and always quiet which is good . i ' ve tried a bunch of their pizzas and they ' re always amazing ! their salads are good too . wish they had a bigger desert choice though . the chipotle chicken pizza is a little too spicy but it was very good . i ' d definitely go here again and recommend it to people in town for a visit since it has very simple but a expansive choice of foods .
1			manicure	worst			will never return . worst manicure ever , chipped the next day . my manicurist kept shooting snot rockets and picking her nose in the sink between clients . none of my nails were the same shape . my friend with me got a french gel manicure and her girl took over an hour and a half to do them , and they started chipping the next day ! never going back .
1			mud	bitter	it	tough	crap	disgusting	menu	terrible	friend	new	wisdom	little	food	good	girl	fat	face	cute	ham	alive	ham	tough	it	good	seems	simple	slab	huge	experience	horrible			i have to find a new friend to go bike schwinn , not something cool like a harley riding with . this is the second time i have been dragged to a paradise bakery at breakfast time . i can ' t take it anymore . there was a review for another location where the reviewer says it looks when you step in the door that paradise has promise . that is so true . when you first walk in and are looking at the bagels , the baked goods , the menu , the purple lights , you almost forget about your last , horrible experience . have no fear , once the food is served , you quickly remember . i ordered a croissant breakfast sandwich no ham , and a medium coffee . seems simple enough . they brought me the sandwich with ham . i didn ' t know when i first bit into it . this ham is still alive , it is so tough , i am sure this is what wilson rejects for their footballs . what is wrong with you paradise ? why would you stick a huge slab of tough ham inside a croissant . a croissant that wasn ' t even toasted . which brings me to my next comment . you stick an egg on a croissant and you make no attempt to toast the croissant ? even dunkin donuts toasts the croissant . you have no clue how to make anything . even after panera acquired you , they couldn ' t impart any wisdom into you ? and coming from panera , that would be little wisdom since they have a terrible menu , which you made worse . it was good to taste the same bitter mud , er , coffee , that panera serves . paradise , you owe me more money for this disgusting crap you served me , but why can ' t you try to improve ? you clearly can ' t think this food is good ? you remind me of the fat girl in school who boys would tell her , she had a cute face just to get some action out of her . someone once lied to you and told you , you had a cute face and you believed them . the fat girl was fat and being used , and you don ' t have a cute face .
1			i	generous no	deal	great	place	love	food	good no	taste	sour	it	dense	it	soft	server	like	looked	promising	waffles	light no	bacon	gross	waffles	crisp	i	ready	decorations	kitschy	flops	flip	type	specific	feel	bad			you know , i feel kind of bad for giving this place a two star review , because i really liked our server , but as far as food goes , i can ' t be that generous . they do have a great breakfast deal for super cheap , but i went the route of a half waffle with bacon , and it probably came with eggs , but i ' m not so sure . the bacon was really gross . there ' s this specific type of bacon that really makes me nauseous , and sonic has it too , but it just has a sour taste to it that makes my tummy do flip flops . i took one bite and then left it alone after that . the waffle looked really promising , but unfortunately it tasted like it was made from the pancake batter so it was really dense and soft , not light and crisp like belgian waffles should be . what a disappointment . i was ready to love this place and all it ' s kitschy decorations , but the food was just not nearly good enough .
2			it	relaxing	they	delightful	waiter	attentive	souffle	hot	menu	huge	it	perfect	weather	nice	sauces	great	ahi	seared	it	worth	way	best	service	great	martini	fantastic	stickers	awesome			i have never been disappointed when i eat at roy ' s . the menu has pretty much been the same for years , as it should be , because it ' s perfect . if you have food allergies , they are probably the most accommodating of any place i ' ve ever been to , which makes it all the more worth it . they have a huge drink menu as well , but the 1988 martini is fantastic . sit out on the patio if the weather ' s nice , it ' s very relaxing . the appetizer canoe is the best way to start the meal : the szechwan ribs , lobster pot stickers from what i remember before i found out that i ' m gluten intolerant and the seared ahi are all awesome . from the entrees i ' ve had over the years , i can say that they are all delightful . the sauces are what really make the dishes stand out , which is probably why roy ' s is known for having really great sauces that compliment the dishes well . the molten hot chocolate souffle is to die for though . my family goes to roy ' s only once a year for my parents ' anniversary , and that souffle is what i look forward to all year . i just had it on friday , and i already want another one . the service is great too . our waiter was very attentive to us and we had a great time .
2			seemed	sketchy	outlet	awesome	prices	awesome			the area seemed a little sketchy at night , but the columbia outlet the only one we shopped at was awesome with awesome prices . what more can i say other than i wished there were one in san diego !
1			sign	closed	we	closed	service	horrible			never go here ! they don ' t care about their customers ! ! ! ! ! ! i wish i could give this place 0 stars ! ! we went in at 5 : 50 pm mind you they close at 6pm , and as we were pulling in the employee put a closed sign on , and locked the doors ! i went up to the door and knocked , and the employee yelled we ' re closed ! i told her it wasn ' t even 6 o ' clock but she didn ' t care and ignored us ! ! it turned out she was the manager sammy . what horrible customer service ! ! ! ! stay away ! ! !
2			food	great	hole	little	magnifico	awesome			little hole in the wall buffet . very inexpensive for great food . the pollos magnifico was awesome and the owner offered me a taco which he brought right to me . the only drawback was no beer but i was there midday during the week do i wouldn ' t have wanted one anyway . i think they have a drivethrough as well
1			feel	bad			yea i come here often but don ' t ask for help they make you feel bad for asking like you are stopping them from heart surgery .
1			food	decent	service	horrible			we went out to bucca on monday night . while the food was decent the service was horrible . first we started out with a male server that seemed to find waiting on us as a burden . then a female server took over who had no idea about service . our drinks sat empty , nobody asked us how the food was and the check literally took over 10 minutes to arrive even after asking for it . i ' m not sure i ' d ever go back .
2			type	real	type	watery	food	soft	food	bad no			had lunch here today with robyn n . jeromy h . and rand h , well for starters almost everything at the buffet was room temp . the food was not bad but would have been better hot . the soft serve ice cream was a real watery type . any way dont waste your time here there is better across the street .
1			flavors	strong	place	good no	food	bland	experience	awesome no			i went here the other night and it was a fairly not awesome experience . we got there early , and there were only a few people working there . this resulted in us waiting quite a bit to be seated and to get service . we both got the make your own pasta and i got a side caesar salad . i had to wait with my salad for a long time because i didn ' t have a fork . pretty weird . i felt like i was in coming to america or something . the food was completely bland . i had a mix of arrabiata sauce and garlic two strong flavors . yet it had no flavor . i just wish i remembered how much this place is not good before i decide to go there again .
1			food	subpar	service	bad			service was bad and food was subpar .
2			experience	awesome			chilis has really stepped up their service and quality of food . our experience today was awesome . we are regulars so the change is service is noticeable . we will be back for sure .
2			fit	perfect	it	best no	pizza	hard	pizza	good	it	horrible no			i had not heard of this place until my sister brought it up . we were planning a place for my birthday that my nephews and i both could enjoy and this was the perfect fit . an adult chuck e cheese . the pizza was that of an adult entertain place as it wasn ' t the best however it wasn ' t horrible either . you go there for the organ and thankful you have some adults options for drinks and food . we all enjoyed looking at all the all the stuff going on around you and the kids liked they could be kids . would i go back ? yes , i would as it is a one of a kind . as for being hungry for a good pizza , well , you ' re in the valley ; good pizza is hard to find period !
2			it	love	organ	amazing	history	cool	player	amazing			five star for the experience and the amazing organ player who apparently knows every song in the world by memory ! pizza is better than a peter piperish place , but that ' s definitely not why you go . the organ is amazing and the kids love it . the history of it is pretty cool too !
1			mood	bad	birthday	happy no	food	ok	we	friendly	he	friendly no	pizza	terrible	dinner	late	experience	horrible			we went to this location last night for my birthday . well it wasn ' t a very happy birthday . our server was buddy and he wasn ' t very friendly . he kinda just threw our stuff at us . he seemed like he didn ' t want to be there . his bad mood started to make me get into a bad mood . my boyfriend had mentioned to him that it was my birthday and he didn ' t even ask if i wanted anyone to sing and bring out a dessert . he didn ' t say anything about it . no happy birthday . nothing about out costumes . we actually had another sever come up to us and talk to us about our costumes and was super friendly . i wish i had gotten his name and i wish we had him as a server . my food was ok . my boyfriend said his pizza was terrible . overall last night was a horrible experience . now i know not to go to this location for a late dinner .
2			bye	good	day	great	girl	awesome			i came in the other day and as i was walking in i noticed all 3 hosts sitting there gossiping and i came up and told one of them politely i was there for take out . the host replied with total attitude and said uhh it ' s at the bar ! needless to say i was thrown back . please tell me how i am supposed to know where take out is . well when i got to take out the girl was awesome but as i was leaving the hostess were all 3 sitting there gossiping once again and as i was walking out never got a good bye or thank you have a great day . i ' ve been hosting for over a few years now and this is definitely a problem . i figure olive garden hires for looks only .
1			meal	bad			brings the taste of the islands here in az . we have been eating here for several years and never had a bad meal .
1			place	terrible	prices	ridiculous	steak	worst			the worst steak i have ever eaten . applebees has better steak . this place was absolutely terrible . the prices are extremely ridiculous for what you get . go out of business already .
2			place	amazing			this place is amazing try the fried mushrooms and wings with ranch and be blown away . . . . ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
1			food	bad	place	horrible			this place is a joke ! ! ate there once and got some ribs , i gave them to the dog because they tasted like dog bones ! ! ! went back several months later with my girlfriend again ! ! because she wanted to try it out and it was the same , horrible place , bad food ! ! ! don ' t bother going there ! !
1			customer	new	thing	good	it	pretty no	service	horrible			i was in today and was cut by the callous removal tool on my ankle during a pedicure . it bled and stung and was not pretty . i was compensated by a 10 % discount . ? this is not how i would do business if i wanted to retain a brand new customer whom i just cut a chunk of skin off their ankle . ouch ! good thing i didnt have an event tonight and had to wear heels . horrible service !
1			produce	fresh	meat	mediocre	employees	great	selection	overpriced	selection	great	stuff	good	i	disappointed	i	lazy	feel	bad			i feel bad ' cause i know this is a local owned business , it ' s close to me and i believe has been here since i moved here in ' 94 . used to be the only store and i never had a problem with it . the employees are great ! not sure if more selection has raised my awareness or if this place has just degraded in what it offers . prices vary all the markets play their games , price this low to get people in , mark other things up to make the profit . but the selection of fresh produce is lacking and the meat is really mediocre . i have shopped aj ' s and it appears eddie basha is sending all the good stuff there and placing the leftovers here . never a great selection , overpriced and i have been really disappointed with the beef i ' ve gotten here . hope they can stay in business but i actually drive a bit out of my way to hit the fry ' s as they have a better selection of produce and meat . not great but better for sure . i go here now only if i ' m in dire need of some staple item and am too lazy to drive the extra few miles .
1			it	right	food	love no	name	bad			this location really gives bagel places a bad name . i don ' t know why i continue to keep trying and going back to this establishment . probably because it is right across the street from work . no matter what i order a bagel with cream cheese or a egg and cheese on a bagel it just takes forever . this morning i literally walked out when i was online . they had about 6 people waiting to order for over 10 minutes ! secondly , i don ' t love their food that takes 6 hours to make . that is being handled by ex cons working there and people who do not care about their i am not going back . i mean it this time . for real i will be going to chompies which is a mile away and get better , faster , and product .
1			service	horrific	customers	paying	rolls	creative	staff	lousy	reviews	low	choice	weird	service	horrible			sad ! ! the talent and creativity of their sushi chefs is unfortunately trumped by the horrific customer service due to lousy wait staff . the rolls here are creative , fresh , funky sometimes too funky , i ' ve had a weird choice or two that i would not choose again and overall pretty good . but if their paying customers continue to be neglected during their visits they will inevitably fall due to low scoring reviews . my review score is based solely on the horrible service provided by their waitress last week .
2			service	amazing			not impressed i will try again . i believe in second chances . amazing service that ' s all i can say food didn ' t do anything for me .
2			place	awesome			this place is awesome . i brought my 2007 jeep cherokee because my brakes were making a squeezing noise . the owner said that i just need back brakes and my front brakes had another 15k miles on them . i will not go to another place . if i had brought my car to another shop , they would have told me to change the front brakes too .
2			crab	stuffed	carrots	glazed	they	delicious	foods	hot	products	expensive	beers	available	potatoes	awesome			i used to visit aj ' s only for the sweets joseph schmidt ' s truffles , gourmet chocolates , cheesecakes bombes , napoleons , cannolis , gourmet cookies and the cheese department . noticed philippines ' san miguel beers available here , too at least they were last year . laloo ' s goatmilk ice cream used to be sold here , but today ' s visit yielded none in the aisles . i ' ve always wanted to try their hot foods , but it was only tonight ' s dinner that appealed to me salmon with stuffed crab w a white cheese cream sauce . sides were an awesome scalloped potatoes w bacon and cream sauce and very dry looking honey glazed carrots . thinking i ' d have dinner elsewhere , i asked only to sample the potatoes , and they were so delicious ! next time , plans be da*ned , if aj ' s serving anything crab stuffed and those scalloped potatoes , i ' m definitely going to dine there ! other than for the specialty food counters , you won ' t catch me shopping here too expensive ! better to shop at whole foods products are less expensive , many are organic , and you won ' t find anything with trans fats !
2			food	excellent	cheesecake	amazing			excellent food ! the cheesecake is amazing ! ! !
1			it	rude	tables	open	experience	good	day	bad			i go to this location alot and yesterday i did not have a good experience . grabbed a couple books and tried to find a table to sit in the cafe , but no seating area open at the moment . so i sat on a book aisle . about 20 mins later , a staff came by and told me i couldn ' t sit on the aisle . i told her the reason i sat on the floor was because there was no seating . would i really want to sit on the floor unless i had to ? ? ? ? i didn ' t catch the lady ' s name , but she was an older lady . must be having a bad day or something . but i always sit on the floor when there are no seating and no one has ever told me to move . she walked over to the cafe and try to direct me over and pointed to a couple open tables . it was sort of rude , so i dropped off the books that i planned to purchase and left the store . i saw a bunch of people in each aisle standing and reading and she didn ' t seem to have a problem with that . i rate this location with 1 star due to the staff being rude .
2			money	like	location	awesome			worst mexican in the valley . it really is . especially for a joint that has such awesome location , building and name . shame ! stay away . there is not much else i can add except i ' d like my money back , please .
2			salsa	great	food	good	cream	love	chips	love	chips	thin	service	terrific			i love their super thin chips and the salsa is great . the food is good for a chain and the service is terrific . i love their guacamole cream and their flan and tres leche is to die for !
2			place	good	food	good	location	nice	wei	great	pickup	awesome			i think pei wei is great . the food is always good and the location is nice enough to make you actually want to eat there . they do offer wine by the glass so it is a good place for happy hour or date night when you are trying to save some money pf changs is much nicer ambiance but basically the same food . however , most of the time we do curbside pickup which is awesome . you can also place your order online ahead of time .
1			things	great	flavor	less	food	bland	soup	horrible			dissatisfied . i heard such great things about this place and low and behold , the food was bland . the egg salad sandwich was eggs and mayo , with no taste at all . the tomato basil soup was horrible , and the garlic hummus had less flavor than my glass of water . i would not recommend .
1			poisoning	bad			everyone should eat here if they want to get really bad food poisoning and almost die ! ! ! !
1			we	ready no	service	bad			the service was so bad , we never even got to order . the waitress asked for our order after about 5 minutes but we weren ' t quite ready and she never came back despite our attempts to get her attention . 20 minutes later we left and as soon as we were out the door she was cleaning up our table . we will not be back .
1			feel	bad no	bowl	shitty	environment	good	mixes	overcooked	muscles	rubbery	environment	clean	muscles	overcooked	meal	worst	environment	fresh	mixes	edible no	muscles	sparse	roll	worst			i will always remember this place as the sight of the worst meal i ever had . i tipped 25 % just so i wouldn ' t feel bad as i ' m writing this . service was unsatisfactory . we were not offered a hello , a place to sit or even acknowledged for that matter . when we finished our meal i was craving mochi but was instead brought the check by the other waitress . the meal was a shitty bowl of seafood udon with overlooked , sparse muscles and inedible mixes of shrimp and octopus both were overcooked and rubbery as well . i also had the worst spider roll to date . do not eat here if you are seeking good , fresh and clean eating environment . eat here if you want to punish yourself .
2			park	themed	park	cool	fanatics	little	price	right	store	little	it	love	store	general	park	amazing			this is such an amazing park in scottsdale , especially considering it ' s city ran . my little train fanatics loved it because there were , choo choo signals , a tunnel and a cool western themed park to play at after . the price was right ; i spent $ 9 for myself and my family to ride the train and the carousel my 2 year old was free . we spent about 2 hours there , would have been more if the weather was nicer . this park also has a little general store where we picked up some ice cream cones and icee ' s after our ride . beware of the thomas section though ! ! :
1			area	nice	it	bad			filled with flies everywhere , not matter if it is in a nice area , it is still covered with flies . it is zoo bad , it is on your food and walls and everywhere .
1			customers	worst			scum bag owners . worst customers service ever . one owner jorge lolpez tried over charge fuel+carwash for drop off haul ' s truck . i called the company for complain about this jerk guy with attitude and i change drop off the truck in different location with no charge . don ' t go here this guy don ' t deserve any kind business .
1			soup	proper no	jampong	worst	mistake	big	noodles	fresh no	beef	dismal	soup	bland	soup	called	seafood	dismal	soup	worst			this place was recommended to me so i decided to try it out . big mistake . i tried their jampong soup and it was the worst jampong and worst soup i have ever had . the noodles weren ' t fresh infact they tasted like they had been frozen for 5yrs too long . extremely mushy and not edible . the soup was bland and was not proper jampong soup . i think they mixed a couple sauces together with water and called it jampong . the seafood and beef were dismal and the shrimp that was in the soup wasn ' t cleaned properly . please do us all a favor and take this so called jampong soup off your menu .
2			bennidict	amazing			florentine bennidict was amazing !
2			restaurant	cute	restaurant	little	breakfast	decent	juice	fresh	juice	amazing			decent breakfast and service . cute little restaurant . the fresh squeezed orange juice was amazing !
1			they	busy	conversations	personal	service	worst			and the award for the worst customer service goes to . . . foot solutions in scottsdale ! i have been to this store numerous times and every time it is the same scene . i am completely ignored by the staff as they are far too busy having personal conversations to even acknowledge my presence . did i mention this was is a shoe store ? not exactly the kind of place you can just help yourself . after today , i have decided to take my money somewhere else ! if you are in need of a solution for your foot , i suggest you do the same .
1			salad	large	dinner	horrible	food	worst	food	public	outfit	clean	hands	clean	experience	horrible			had dinner there sunday evening . i have been in the valley 12 years , and this is the worst food that i have ever been served . a piece of veal that was most likely left over from friday or satuday night . they probably put it in the microwave . it could not be cut with a knife , dried out , a grease ball . they should not serve dreck like that , and charge you for it . the waiter looked , as far as clean hands , like he just finished doing the yard work there . a shame that we wasted so much money on a horrible dinner . even the pasta they served on the side was total grease . they took away the large salad we ordered that was half eaten without even asking . that was rude . i realize it was a sunday evening , but , please , do not serve such inferior food , and please wear a clean outfit if you are going to serve the public food . i will never go back there , and will let my friends know what a horrible experience we had .
2			heck	amazing			dr . shannon heck is so amazing with my son . has helped my son with issues that his pediatrician could have done but did not . as for cosmetic procedures she will not let you look like you just went through a wind tunnel . you have the option to go anywhere and get injections she is a doctor who knows and understands how your body will work with what she is injecting . how could anyone get injections from someone who is not a doctor ! its not about the cost per unit . remember the saying . . you get what you pay for . i could not be happier . 5 stars !
1			mimi	nice	it	clear	it	dry no	manicure	horrible			although mimi was very nice , my manicure was horrible in every way a manicure can go badly . 1 . polish so thick i have air bubbles on every nail . 2 . completely uneven polish by the cuticles . honestly , i do a much better job myself . 3 . it ' s been almost 2 hours now and it ' s still not dry and looks like an elephant stepped on my nails . 4 . the place was not very well ventilated and it ' s clear they rarely clean the place because there was a layer of dust everywhere . i would never go there again .
2			people	nice	bagels	awesome			awesome bagels , nice people .
2			pools	amazing	staff	amazing	bar	amazing	place	great	spa	amazing			spent a week there on business . like others , the bar , pools , spa , and staff were all amazing . got a deal on priceline too , so it was easier on the wallet . great place , if you have to be in phx , its worth the drive to gainey ranch in scottsdale .
1			claims	small	product	great	price	good	ethics	horrible			great product good price horrible business ethics . filing in small claims court this week . lets get ready to rumble ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
2			experience	great	satisfaction	important no	it	apparent	tires	big	bit	little	they	full	price	awesome			i didn ' t have such a great experience . i ordered 5 tires for my vehicle i was given an awesome price when i called the first time , when i called back to make the purchase the price went up over 200 dollars . i asked what happened and the guy couldn ' t tell me , he said i don ' t know why its a different price so 20 minutes in he got the price down a little bit . i paid for the tires even though the were now 110 dollars more than the first price , and then he said you should have 3 by tuesday and 2 by wednesday because they are coming from texas . the first call he said they were all in stock , so at this point i was like whatever i can wait til wednesday and then i got my tracking numbers that said i won ' t see them til friday . so i called first thing in the morning and asked what happened he said ups changed it and he said he will send the issue to customer service and see if they will send a discount back to me . i checked my email 10 minutes later he issued me a 25 dollar credit , i called customer service and they were full of excuses and it was very apparent that customer satisfaction isn ' t as important as they claim it is . . sounds like big o tires needs my business next time . .
1			staff	worst			worst staff ever ! as i was waiting in line to order , colin was openly mocking women and making fun of another overweight customer in the presence of patrons ! will never come back to this location and strongly suggest you take your business elsewhere !
1			relay	generic	problem	correct	dukes	professional	part	worst			misdiagnosed the problem . didn ' t even seem to want to fix it . dukes was much more professional , fixed the correct problem and even gave better pricing for the blower motor , which wasn ' t even broken . the worst part is that i know the ac guys tech most likely had a generic relay in his van . and even if he didn ' t , i ' m sure hq has them in stock . we went three days without ac because of the holiday , waiting for a shop to buy a motor from .
1			salesmen	used	experience	worst	sense	common	$	additional	i	sorry	salesmen	horrible			i should have checked on here before visiting this place . if i could give them no stars i would too . i am sorry to say that this was by far the worst experience i have had dealing with anyone . i have dealt with some horrible used car salesmen before and this appliance place puts them all to shame . they have no common sense what so ever . they delivered a defective refrigerator and had the audacity to want to charge us 25 % restocking fee when we requested to exchange it . i am appalled at their business practices and can not fathom how could someone let $ 35k worth of a sales fall through because they do not want to work with the customer and resolve some issues that in my opinion could have easily been rectified . thanks to them we ended up going to spencers and saved an additional $ 1200 because they were running a special when you buy a refrigerator , stove top , and oven .
1			side	wrong	they	warm	they	smelly	part	worst	potions	natural	it	annoying	mall	packed	groups	large	bathrooms	worst			arizona mills has the worst bathrooms i have ever been in . they are always really , really smelly and warm . i like that there are outlet stores , so you can save a lot of money , but at the same time some of the stores they have are really ghetto and a lot of the outlets have ghetto items . the mall is always really packed and there are a ton of kids running around . people walk on the wrong side of the mall , or walk in large groups that prevent people from getting by . and the worst part : there are at least ten different cell phone kiosks and you get badgered every time you walk by . they wont leave you alone . they also have two or three of those carts that sell lotion . i have had people chase me into stores trying to get me to buy natural sea potions . it ' s just annoying and always makes my shopping experience uncomfortable .
2			wall	huge	water	great	staff	fantastic	ice	shaved	atmosphere	amazing			i love coming here ! the staff is fantastic , there ' s a huge chalkboard wall , candy , ice cream , shaved ice , drinks , plus water and ice of course . it ' s an amazing atmosphere . they have a wall filled with photos of customers . best place to get great tasting water !
2			store	amazing			this store was amazing when it was sunflower , now they are constantly out of stock on lots of items and the management seem to be a bunch of nimrods . they don ' t even carry sriracha anymore . wth ?
2			them	recommend no	price	bad no			the price of bowling wasn ' t bad ; the food was way over priced . they charged my organization $ 11 person for pizza and soda . it was a giant rip off . that was worth $ 6 7 tops . overall , i wouldn ' t recommend them . not worth the price we had to pay .
2			staff	helpful	staff	attentive	pharmacies	best	manner	timely	experience	terrible	it	worth	service	great	snacks	awesome			this is probably one of the best pharmacies in tempe . i was going to the cvs on mill for a while but had a terrible experience there and they only had the medicines i needed every once in a while , so i ended up here . it ' s a bit farther up the road , but i don ' t mind , it ' s totally worth it . the staff is attentive and helpful , even greeting you when you walk in the door . everything there is priced as average and the wait time at the pharmacy is relatively short . i was able to get what i needed in a timely manner without having to pay too much . i found some really awesome snacks while i was there too . oh , and one of their guy pharmacists was really cute too i think his name was jeremy or something like that ? super awesome place to go . great service all around . totally my go to from here on out .
2			connie	amazing	price	great	staff	knowledgeable	trophy	recommend	rest	amazing			connie and the rest of the staff were amazing ! we didn ' t know exactly what we were looking for , but she walked us through all of our options , and the plaque came out looking fantastic . the price was great , the staff was very knowledgeable , and they really went the extra mile for us . when connie found out this was a surprise gift , she even made sure to call my cell phone before emailing me any questions or proofs , just in case i wasn ' t the only one at my computer . i would recommend tempe trophy to everyone !
1			things	great	things	many	ache	bad			i heard so many great things about it , i stopped once with my family to find that they only took cash but didn ' t have an atm in the lobby . so i went back when i was on my way to school to grab something and got a seriously bad stomach ache . very disappointed
2			note	high	service	unexpected	view	amazing	it	sweet	dish	main	it	salty	we	surprised	deal	huge no	it	decent	they	great	deal	great	dish	seasonal	service	eclectic	updating	little	out	hot	server	pleasant	pieces	buttery	server	nice	we	impressed	em	small	margarita	prickly	margarita	regular	valet	free	it	great	we	full	i	picky	hill	steep	rolls	delicious	flavors	balanced	feels	dated	food	eclectic	scallops	huge	out	good	pan	seared	she	nice	dish	awesome			this was our second try at the top of the rock . to be honest there are a few reasons i cannot give this 5 stars , so lets start with that so i can end on a high note . first off , $ 5 . 00 for valet or you get to park down a steep hill and walk to the place . i think for the overall price point offering valet to patrons should be free , of course tipping your valet when you leave . the other reason , the decor of the place . it feels really dated , granted the view at sundown is amazing , but still there needs to be a little updating . lastly , our server , she was very nice , and pleasant however she did offer us bread ok , ok maybe she did save our waistlines , but at the end of our meal we saw what looked like delicious rolls brought to another table and we all wondered why we not offered any , i mean hey , we get the option to be fatties , right ? side note , the servers also wore jeans . not a huge deal , but did not help the ambiance now on to the drinks , i had a prickly pear margarita , it was way too sweet for me i should have known better so not issue there , the hubby had not one but two of their kiwi caipirinha ' s . i followed up with a regular margarita on the rocks , it was decent . ok now the food . we started with the shrimp appetizer , we ordered two , one for each couple to split . they were grilled with honey and lime , and had house made potato gnocchi . there was a mixture of mission figs , chorizo and cheese that accompanied the shrimp . the dish was down right awesome . the flavors were very well balanced and the shrimp were cooked perfectly . we were all very impressed . each of the four of us had our own main dish . i had the seasonal veggi dish . lets just start off with the fact that yes , you can mess up vegetables , but these were great . artisan carrots , broccolini , asparagus , buttery pieces of brussle sprouts , pouched beets all over your choice of purple roasted potatoes , red quinoa , their specialty french fries , and their might have been another choice , but i got the quinoa . it was great , and i am not a vegetarian btw , but i wanted something lighter to eat so dam hot out and this was honestly good and filling . the husband had the chicken and dumplings which i had a bight of , it was a little salty for my pallet , but he sang its praise . it was made with gnocchi too . the other couple with us had the pork tenderloin which was melt in your mouth fantastic , and the pan seared scallops . these scallops were huge ! i am totally picky about scallops , i only like em small , so i passed , but both my husband and the person who ordered the dish said they were great . finally , desert . we were all honestly full , but i could not pass up the bread pudding . we all kind of split it . house made cinnamon ice cream with queen creek pears . we were all pleasantly surprised at how good it was . i do wish there was a better chocolate option on the menu , but that ' s ok i guess . over all , i am looking forward to returning to top of the rock ! the service , was great , the food was eclectic , gourmet and unexpected . i really enjoyed this place our second time around . oh , the bill for five drinks , two apps , four dinners , two espressos , and a dessert was $ 190 . 00 without tip ! that ' s a great deal in my book !
1			business	classic	business	bad			reserved room a week in advance and requested 11am early check in , is now 3 : 45pm and we ' ve been waiting at the resort all day . classic bad business : under delivering after over promising . the grand just a few miles away seems like a much better option .
1			he	awesome	trainer	personal	attempts	many	experience	horrible			horrible experience ! ! ! for the past 20yrs , i ' ve always belonged to a gym . this was the worst , ever ! i started by signing up with a personal trainer he was awesome however , i ended up having major hand surgery on both hands and was unable to finish my last 4 sessions . after many attempts to speak to someone and i ' m talking weeks for someone to get back with me . ltf refused to reimburse me for he last 4 sessions ! i also feel like $ 120 a month for a single person is way over the limit , especially for a gym that has out dated equipment . i belonged to lowes ymca $ 65 a month and that gym makes ltf look like a dump !
2			dane	great	they	fantastic	her	love no	feel	safe no	everyone	amazing			everyone there knows us . everyone there knows zoey , our great dane . everyone is amazing ! which is why we continually drive 30 minutes to go to a petsmart , so we can get the daycare we know is best for our girl . trust me , if i didn ' t feel safe with her there , or if i felt the people didn ' t love her , we ' d go somewhere else . but they ' re fantastic so no worries . :
2			felt	great	class	short	people	awesome			we attended for gilbert yoga days . it was only a short class , but it was a lot of fun . decent work out and i felt great afterwards . and the people were awesome !
2			you	disappointed no	system	best	skate	great	employees	best	place	awesome			i ' ve been going here since i was 12 . i practically grew up here . there was a patch of time where it lost a lot of popularity . but great skate is back now . filled with people every friday and saturday . the best lighting system , the best employees , the funnest environment and definitely the best sound system in arizona . if you ' re looking an awesome place to go with the fam or for bday parties , or even with your friends , go to great skate . you won ' t be disappointed .
2			lovers	true	animals.got	loved	i	grateful	hearts	warm	hearts	loving	discussion	amazing	description	amazing			the love compassion . . dedication . payment plans will never be forgotten true animal lovers the care they providedexceeded my expectations . i am so grateful to the warm loving hearts . the knowledge was amazing the discussion and description of everything was amazing this truly is a place to take your loved animals . got won ' t find better : !
1			technique	proper	dentist	ethical no	school	dental	patient	average	dentist	worst			beware ! ! he ' s a salesman , not an ethical dentist . by far the worst dentist i have ever been to . even though he knew i worked at a dental school , and know a lot more than an average patient about dentistry , he still proceeded to diagnose $ 5300 worth of treatment for fillings , crowns , etc . i had my x rays looked at my 5 dentists at work in the next week . i didnt have a single cavity . i only actually needed 1 filling . if you want to go to someone who will tell you that you need restorations on every tooth , he ' s your man . also , the hygienist did not display proper infection control technique . who knows what bacteria disease may be in that office .
1			service	absolute	service	worst			absolute worst service experience ever . my boyfriend and i went in and sat in the bar and waited for 15 minutes and were ignored . we then politely asked the hostess if we could sit in the dining room instead due to not being able to get service in the bar . we waited for another ten minutes at another table and finally left .
1			selection	ridiculous	salespeople	used	experiences	negative	selection	bad			i bought stuff from this place twice . tookmforever because the selection was bad and prices ridiculous . quality not so good , for slver there were better dealsmat tj maxx than using a 100 . off coupon . they alsontried to tell us my wife ' s diamond was shattered when we inquired about a trade in . most of their sales help were like used car salespeople and lied through their teeth . i had three negative shopping experiences here , returned everything bought , and found higher quality at lower prices elsewhere . buyer beware . sorrt for typos , using my ipad .
1			sandwiches	good	subway	particular	ingredients	old	bread	stale	sandwich	worst			i ' ve had subway many times before moving to arizona so i know they have good sandwiches . however , i will never eat at this particular subway . my husband ordered two turkey sandwiches to go and it was literally the worst sandwich i ever had in my life . stale bread , and something definitely funky with the turkey , cheese , and lettuce . like they used old ingredients . i was sharing my sandwich with my 3 year old but after tasting it , i threw it in the garbage because i was afraid that we were going to get sick . will not try anything from there again .
2			experience	great	food	amazing			great experience ! the staff was making sure everyone was well taken care of . food was amazing , hot and came out fast . we ' re definitely coming back .
2			pizza	great	prices	fair	chicken	great	appetizer	awesome			went out for dinner with the wife and two kids . the pizza and chicken were both great . the garlic bread included with the meals as an appetizer is awesome . i have eaten here 3 or four times and each time has been consistently good . prices are fair . we will be back .
1			someone	right	example	horrible			went in at about 940pm . there were 4 5 people working and about 2 different guests eating . we were sat and told someone would be right with us . 20 minutes later and no one had come to say hi or take our order . all the employees were behind the counter talking and joking . we got up and walked up and will never return . what a horrible example of customer service .
2			gyros	awesome			awesome gyros !
2			lady	nice	room	cozy	drapes	clean	bruce	sweet	place	big	drapes	heavy	room	old	lady	warm	it	old	tv	flat	it	sparse	nights	nice	lady	pleasant	place	old	it	love	looked	nice	drapes	love	quality	bad no			stayed here last night october 11 , 2014 we decided to drive through wickenburg for nostalgic reasons from our youth . we were going to drive all the way home but decided to just stay the night . we drove up and asked for a room . the man at the counter bruce was sweet as apple pie ! we got a room with a aaa discount for $ 80 . the place was big ! lots and lots of rooms ! it was very old west . yes the place is old but whoever owns the place loves it ! our room was cozy and old but i loves the heavy cotton velvet drapes which were very clean and the pink velvety chair then the over puffed beds were just . . . lets just say it was a very nice nights sleep ! they have flat screen tv . . my husband was watching football until midnight ! they do have wifi and the pool area looked nice . they do have breakfast in the lobby . it is a little sparse but there is plenty to eat and the quality isn ' t bad for being on the road . the place may be old but it is nicely taken care of ! pat , the very nice lady who checked me out was very warm and pleasant too . thank you ! will be staying there again as i will be traveling to scottsdale on the weekends ! im actually looking forward to it !
1			it	short	it	cold	portions	good	bread	complimentary	pasta	like	bread	hard	food	cold	entrees	average	service	great no	tasted	bland	lunch	quick	experience	horrible			my friend and i used to come here after class to grab a quick lunch to eat . anyways the lunch menu is around $ 8 12 depending what choices you get . the portions were good enough but it was short of amazing . personally , i liked the pasta it was descent . i wouldnt mind going back here again , i thought . we came back again to rmg again during lunch and came back to a horrible experience . we were seated near the bar area and it took like 15minutes for someone to finally realize we were there and when the server took our orders . it was about 25 30minutes till we got our food and it was cold when it arrived . we ended up not finishing the food and waited for the server to come back . he asked how everything was and we let him know that the food was cold and the service was not great . he comped our meal and we left . from then , i knew i wouldnt come back here again . however , about a week ago i went back to have lunch there again since it has been almost a year since i havent gone back to rmg and it finally concluded the fact why i wouldnt want to come back here again . the complimentary bread was hard and not tasteful . we ordered the $ 2 entrees for $ 25 two appetizers and two entrees we ordered the mac & cheese bites some other appetizer . both appetizers tasted bland and it seemed like it was just microwaved . the entrees were average , its only good if youre hungry but other than that , go somewhere else to fill your appetite for italian food .
2			it	friendly	bang	best	venue	elegant	greens	beautiful	she	friendly	everything	perfect	staff	friendly	food	delicious	she	helpful	help	biggest	she	amazing			this review is based on wildhorse ' s wedding facilities only . i ' ve never played golf a day in my life . i got married at wildhorse last year , after a friend who also got married there recommended it to me , and there are no words to explain how amazing and happy my experience was with wildhorse . we looked at about a dozen venues in both southern ca and las vegas henderson and the moment i walked into wildhorse , i knew it was the one . my happiness only grew after we met elena h . the food & beverage manager . she is amazing , helpful , and friendly . she was the biggest help in planning my wedding . our wedding day went off without a hitch and i have absolutely no complaints about anything . the food was delicious , the venue is elegant , the greens are beautiful , the staff is friendly , everything is perfect about this place , including the cost . it was very budget friendly for us . i definitely think that we got the best bang for the buck . i really cannot put into words how incredibly happy i was with my experience at wildhorse . i wish i could give them 10 stars .
1			experience	worst	person	new	she	rude	sams	fantastic	style	old	it	short	looks	clean	hair	long	voice	low	person	picky no	stylist	rude	she	loud	hair	light	it	fine	i	bored	i	nice	she	awesome	imperfections	no	i	picky	line	straight	hair	bad	receptionist	nice	imperfections	accurate	place	worst			worst place with rude stylist ! they don ' t cut good and charge twice as much as other places . this is my worst experience ever ! now i have no choice but to get stuck with this bad hair i went there it looks clean and there were magazines for you to look at and choose hair styles from . i did not wait that long and the receptionist was very nice and friendly but later on realized she was not a receptionist , but a stylist , they don ' t have receptionist . i am a very bubbly person and i am always smiling but this place just turned me into a whole new person . when the stylist asked me what i want i just told her i want to get rid of my split ends and a little shorter because i am bored with my long hair , but just keep the layersand trim the bangs side bangs . she totally cut the hair straight , like when you look at the back on my shoulders it ' s a straight line not a v shape which means she got rid of my layers . and she also cut my bangs straight across my forehead , she cut it too short that it bounce up like a spring and i cannot put it on the side . i asked her to cut 2inches more because i told her i wanted it shorter and she was very rude and told me are you sure just 2inches , coz i can ; t keep on cutting little by little she was very loud and rude that all the other customers are looking at me and she is making it sound that i am being picky when i was all smiling and low voice when i am speaking to her . so i just told her to leave it it ' s fine and she still kept on saying are you ? sure are you sure ? . omg she wont stop and i feel so embarassed already . she said i was done and i wnet to pay and she said i owe $ 37 i saw on their wall it says adult cut and shampoo is $ 13 . 99 and i got a coupon that says i can get a haircut and shampoo for $ 10 . 99 she told me that she styled my hair so it ' s adult cut , style and shampoo which is $ 21 . 99 plus to blow dry my hair is additional $ 15 . omg what a rip off $ 15 to blow dry your hair ? ? ? are they not supposed to dry it anyway to check if their cut is accurate and no imperfections ? ? ? and what style ? ? ? she charged me more coz she styled my hair , when in fact she just cut my hair straight and got rid of my old style which is the layers there were people waiting to pay and it was so embarassing i just paid the utrageous amount and left . i am not really a picky person and i don ' t really ike to complain that is why i just paid and left but my hubby said i am always too nice that is why people take advantage of me so hopefully this review will be a warning to other people if you know your hairstylist and she is awesome for you then keep her , but if you go to fantastic sams don ' t go to that lady with light brown hair in a ponytail that looks mean because she is really rude .
1			potato	loaded	atmosphere	nice	candy	like	waitress	awesome	feel	comfortable	shrimp	sized	craving	loaded	layer	top	fries	top	deal	great	potato	love	flavor	decent	it	rare no	it	understandable	she	funny	flavor	great	candy	sweet	portions	sized	sauce	sweet	it	good	candy	refreshing	that	like	portions	good	medium	perfect	service	good	fries	regular	feel	bad			wanted to try out this place since i think i ' ve been to outback only once maybe 10 years ago lol and because they just opened this location last week . very clean , lots of seating and nice atmosphere . we arrived around 5 : 40 yesterday and they told us the wait was about an hour ! ah ! but we wanted to try it so the girl took our name down , told us to come back around 6 : 10 and we walked to petsmart . we came back right at 6 : 10 and seated us after 2 minutes . nice ! only a 30 minute wait . our waitress was awesome , i feel bad that i forgot her name but i do remember she was a brown ' s fan lol . she was funny , knew the menu , gave us recommendations and probably stopped by our table around 10 times just to make sure we were doing alright , refilling our drinks and making us feel comfortable since the kitchen was really backed up and there was only one bartender . they just opened last week so it ' s totally understandable that they haven ' t worked out all the kinks yet . onto what we ordered ! pitcher of strawberry peach sangria : refreshing , sweet but not like candy and a great deal at $ 15 since we got 4 glasses worth . aussie fries : i loove cheese fries with bacon ! however these were a 2 . 5 5 . not that seasoned or that much bacon and the cheese only covered the top layer of fries . once you got under those top 10 fries , you were left with regular french fries . wah ! i will have to point out though that the bacon we did get wasn ' t overly cooked to a crisp like most places and i really liked that . 12 oz ribeye : boyfriend got this and said it was pretty good . he said it wasn ' t a perfect medium rare but it was good enough . and he loved the loaded baked potato . alice springs chicken + coconut shrimp combo : yum ! i got this and it hit the spot for my calorie loaded craving . chicken had melted cheese , mushrooms and bacon with a mustard sauce on the side . and the coconut shrimp was good sized , had great flavor and came with a sweet marmalade sauce . i could definitely come back for this . no dessert cause we finished around 7 : 30 and had to catch a movie at 8 . i don ' t usually go to places like this , i feel like it ' s just a step up from chili ' s , applebee ' s , or tgif but everything had good sized portions , decent flavor , and service was really good . will definitely be back when i ' m craving this type of food .
2			taste	commercial	waitress	ok	omelet	amazing	food	good	tasted	awesome			philly cheese steak omelet was amazing ! i like am usually disappointed with omlets , they taste too commercial . but this tasted awesome ! the waitress was ok , nothing worth writing about ! as long as my food was good ! that ' s what is important to me !
1			service	bad			bad service . very unorganized . as soon as we walked in the door 4 people front the front disappeared to the back and we waited for 10min until someone come out and i know they saw us we made eye contact .
1			woman	young	service	worst	craving	massive	i	disappointed	peeve	huge	experience	horrible			i went here because of a massive craving for shellfish and it is not far from my house . i was sadly disappointed in almost every component of this experience . service : honestly some of the worst service i ' ve ever had . after ordering a cocktail , i was very disappointed when after 20 minutes my server returned to my table , noticed i didn ' t have my drink yet and said no one brought your drink ? it is a huge pet peeve when servers do not take responsibility for their tables and it seemed this is what he was doing . my drink ended up coming , but a few minutes after my food . two other factors played into this horrible service experience . my table was about three tables away from the computer the servers used to ring up orders , and i heard one of the servers very loudly talk about how he was screwed out of a tip by a table . very unprofessional . finally , the manager of the restaurant did not really seem to care about his restaurant . he stood near the bar socializing with a young woman the entire time i was there , not once did he leave to check on tables or do any work . the only reason i even knew he was the manager was because the servers kept coming up to him with questions . food : my food was served cold . despite being in a steam pot and it was all incredibly over cooked . it was like they had steamed my shellfish and then let it sit in the steamer for hours before it was given to me . very disappointed .
2			place	great	service	awesome	place	recommend	food	awesome			great place to go eat and listen to music . ive been here a couple of times and the food and service was awesome , recently came to watch the world cup game and had a blast i definitely recommend this place whether to eat watch a game or just spend time with family .
1			help	open	walmart	worst	service	bad			i dont think it deserves a star waiting on line for a hour every time i go here i get depressed . customer service is so bad . they dont even help me when i ask for help only 2 registers open at 10pm here in vegas . the worst walmart ever . i rather travel 15 miles to go to a different walmart . not to this one any more .
1			delivery	recommend no	service	bad	service	horrible			i ordered the food for the first time here and decided to order delivery the lady i called asked me to hold and put the phone down i listened to her take about 15 orders while i waited 10 minutes for her to return to the call . i decided to call back and it has now been 1 hour and 15 minutes later i still had not received my food . i called to see what was wrong and told them it had been going on two hours i ' ve been trying to eat and they need to do something . he had no sympathy for me and told me they got the address wrong ect . horrible customer service and i ' m still paying for this . bad service wouldn ' t recommend delivery for anyone . very poorly run .
2			view	wonderful	windows	huge	i	disappointed	class	amazing			my first visit to yoga sanctuary east side location was an expectation of a better studio than the west side . i came for shawn ' s 2nd series of ashstanga practice on a saturday . the class was amazing ! back to the studio , a friend mentioned east side studio is a lot better than west side . it is located inside a 2 story building shopping center . i had to take the elevators or stairs to the studio . as i waited in the lobby for the class to start , it felt that i was more in an office environment rather than in a studio so i was disappointed . once i walked into the room where the class is held , it was definitely better ! 2 huge windows and you can see the vigorous and mountainous desert oasis . it actually was nicer and i did appreciate a wonderful view during my ashtanga practice .
2			atmosphere	pleasant	location	recommend	i	crazy no	service	good	restaurant	favorite	restaurants	best	quality	awesome			this is by far my favorite sushi restaurant in nevada . the fish is always the freshest . the food is just top of the line . the service is always very good as well . i remember reading that osaka in henderson was on a list of the 50 best sushi restaurants in the world and the other 49 were in japan , so that kind of says something right there . i highly recommend this location . i was not as crazy about the other locations as they didn ' t have the same awesome quality of fish and pleasant atmosphere .
2			service	awesome	he	knowledgeable	personality	great	personality	attentive	food	awesome			mike was our server he was knowledgeable great personality very attentive the food and his service was awesome . we will definitely be back and ask for him .
1			beer	cold	night	cold	food	tasty	odor	bad	hole	bad			tasty food , super friendly and efficient staff , ice cold beer . why only 2 stars then ? sewer problem , the bar had a very bad odor that the staff tried to mask it with a candle in the restroom and by opening the doors on a cold night . not the first time we ' ve experienced this there . hope it ' s fixed soon or we may have to find another watering hole too bad .
1			thing	worst			i have two gripes . they don ' t tell you the price immediately . sometimes i have waited 30 minutes to find out . the worst thing is the waiting room . no tv . in this day and age everyone should have a tv especially for sports and news . i have complained numerous times since i have been a customer since it opened .
1			i	generous	lady	little	pricing	insane	it	great	prices	reasonable	help	good	lady	nice	lady	old	prices	ridiculous	luck	good	design	bad			service ? yeah . good luck with that . when you get help it ' s great , but finding good help at this location is like playing marco polo without any water and without anyone responding back . i go here because of the deals . sales and kohl ' s cash make their usually ridiculous prices a lot more reasonable . sometimes the inventory here is a mess , perhaps those same people you can ' t find to help you can ' t be bothered to stock the place either . and then there ' s the checkouts which when i go in always seems to have a line . a line that moves s l o w ! a line with some nice little old lady wanting to write a check . or pay with nickels . or they forgot their kohl ' s cash and have to dig through a purse the size of rhode island to find it all while you wait and cool your heels . oh and one last thing . getting in and out of the parking lot to get back to the 215 is kind of a pain in the rear . it ' s definitely bad traffic design on display . in short i go here only when i kinda have to and while the jewelry sale pricing is insane and it makes her happy , i always leave grumbling about the experience . 2 stars , and i ' m being generous .
1			basis	regular	road	flat	idea	bad			for someone who can trip over a flat road while walking , cycling seemed like a bad idea . however terry and his crew at the bike shop got me going on not 1 but 2 b fantastic bikes . he taught me how to fix my bike in many of his bike maintenance classes . he fixed my bike on a regular basis after the rider of the bike would mess it up and his group rides gave me confidence . . . i even got into racing . i trust and recommend the bike shop to anyone . . .
1			spots	dead	shape	good	food	decent	part	worst	course	good no	idea	bad	tier	top	burger	worst	restaurant	horrible			i am an ob card member . we signed up for our memberships at legacy . i played the course in the summer and despite the heat the course was in good shape . we played again today and the majority of the course was in good shape but there were several greens that had dead spots no grass and it looked as if they tried to cover up the spots with green chemicals of some sort . some of the cart paths had concrete that was broken in spots . i guess for $ 49 i just expected the course to be in better shape and expected a little more of a top tier experience . now lets get to the worst part . i decided to eat in the clubhouse after the round . bad idea . worst burger and bun i have ever had and i still have an upset stomach hours later . i understand that golf courses really exist for one purpose but i feel like if you are going to have a restaurant and offer food that you should try to serve decent food . so for the value the course was not very good and the restaurant was horrible . we won ' t be back anytime soon and we certainly will not eat in the restaurant again .
2			service	poor	food	like	food	amazing			i really like the food at this place . i go there all the time , but the service is poor . and i hate to say it but , while they will help you after asking them for something 3 times before they do it , unless you ' re asian , don ' t expect to be waited on promptly . their food is amazing and the salt & pepper calamari is the bomb !
2			calamari	love	night	late	place	love	rice	amazing	pho	delicious	it	comforting	coals	hot	it	good	you	ready	i	drunk	it	ridiculous	it	amazing			i love this place and i go here a lot but that doesn ' t mean it is good , it is just comforting i suppose . i don ' t generally go late night or when i am drunk . mostly lunch dates . service : i have been coming here since 2008ish and it has slowly just gotten worse over time . the wait staff is always rushing you . i think it is ridiculous to be asked 4 times by the same time if you are ready to order within a 7 minute span . it makes you feel like hey we don ' t want to satisfy you , we just want your money and for you to leave . we got our food and halfway through our meal a lady came over and gave us our check , said thank you , and asked us are we done ? my friend and i were both literally sitting with utensils in hand and half eaten plates of food . no we aren ' t i commented to my friend under my breath about how rude that was and she must ' ve heard because she came back and took the check away . it has been feeling this rushed since they underwent their makeover a while ago . food : the pho is delicious , all the rice noodle egg roll combination dishes are amazing . i mean i would walk on hot coals if their egg rolls were waiting for me on the other side . i have never had an issue with any food being bad . but i love their calamari and sometimes it is amazing and sometimes , well , it is just deep fried squid . check it out and decide for yourself . the egg rolls are the only thing that stop me from giving it 3 stars .
1			nothing	ok	service	horrible			food is nothing more than ok . service is horrible . i wish people would stop going there so they can learn their lesson .
1			place	good	service	worst	restaurant	empty	food	cold	experience	horrible			absolutely the worst service i ' ve ever experienced in my life . food was cold by the time it arrived . this place used to be good too . ive never been to a restaurant that was basically empty at 730 pm , and told by the staff its a 45 min wait . were running behind horrible experience .
2			pho	awesome			awesome pho , egg rolls & service '
1			tasted	bad			worse food ever ! ! my family went here for lunch for the first time and it will be the last time . we had never tasted anything like before . we got the com , pho , bun thit nuong , che , and it tasted really bad .
2			price	shocking	entree	standard	food	outstanding	decor	upscale no	mall	little	decor	unremarkable	food	stunning	tablecloth	generic	tablecloth	nice	service	good	price	high	bagee	amazing			the food was outstanding , the service was good , the price was high . i was in no way disappointed by the quality , presentation or anything about india oven , but the price for entrees here is shocking , particularly when rice or breads are not included in it . treat yourself to the food here , just cope ahead of time with the $ 30 per person price for lunch . the decor is nice generic white tablecloth , the building unremarkable and the location not upscale , so these can ' t be the cost basis . maybe the buffet is cheaper , but i ordered from the menu so i could get the amazing onion bagee and a standard , but non buffet entree , which was $ 17 . fyi , the little strip mall it ' s in is a pit without having reached graffiti and boarded up window status but the food was stunning ! if you like eat indian food as much as i do , you ' ll want to visit india oven . if it weren ' t for the entree prices , i ' d have given it 5 stars .
1			entertainers	love	club	entertaining	in	annoying	music	great	bar	full	breast	soft	they	entertaining no	variety	love	conversation	good	being	difficult	majority	beautiful	darlings	little no	killers	top	women	beautiful	dancers	average	size	great	i	bored	size	depressing	language	comfortable no	technically	love	i	satisfied no	faces	mean	smile	nice	tip	big	darlings	little	seemed	organized no	transitions	horrible			i have came to little darlings 4 different occasions and every time i was dissatisfied . i love entertainers and the technically of dancing . yet , this is not the place to enjoy it . cover for locals is $ 17 and $ 33 for outsiders , includes soda beverages at the bar . i have attended by myself and with friends . we all agreed that the size of the venue was great but the atmosphere depressing . the entire night seemed unorganized . the dancers walk stand around with scrunched mean faces and uncomfortable body language . i noticed they only smile when approaching a customer to converse . that being said 3 out of the 4 times i attended , i was never approached . little do the women know i have $ 200+ for someone with good conversation and a nice smile . oh well . i think the top 2 buzz killers for me was the dj and the dancers . the music ranges from rock n ' roll , 80s , to hip hop . i love the variety but the transitions are horrible and the in between songs are almost annoying . the dj ' s voice sounds like he is at an auction and you can never hear what he is saying 90 % of the time . i am a firm believer that the dj controls the hype and atmosphere of a club . and unfortunately i was very bored and distant . the dancers are average when it comes to the skill level . they know maybe 1 or 2 pole tricks then attempt to shake their butt to their chosen tune . the majority of the dancers are beautiful in their own way . eh , i ' d say there ' s only 1 woman that i enjoyed watching . jackie was here name . she was smiling and flirting and used the entire stage during her performance ! she made me smile and had my eyes locked . i moved closer and threw her a big tip , she came over and thanked me . her breast were so soft ^ ^} after her performance she came over to my chair and thanked me again . i tipped her a $ 20 bill then released her to make more money . its very difficult to watch the other dancers on stage without my face being twisted . they are not entertaining nor look like they enjoy their job . smh . i can ' t bare to return . i would recommend going to lacey ' s . full nude full bar strip club . thursdays 9pm 4am fridays saturdays 3am 7am this is the hip hop strip club of las vegas . 21+ $ 20 cover charge for all . if you want an entertaining strip club with drinks , beautiful women , and great music this is where you should be ! ! not little darlings
1			omelet	sad	it	edible no	bad	bad	portion	hefty	everything	ok	it	edible	excuse	aware	waitress	burnt no	breakfast	great	chorizo	important	plate	empty	waitress	edible no	reviews	good	omelet	ok	we	shocked	excuse	bad			we decided to come here after doing a yelp search for cheapish breakfasts in vegas and were impressed by the generally good reviews and mention of a lobster omelet . the lobster omelet was ok , nothing fabulous . what was beyond horrid was the chorizo omelet my bf had been craving all morning . it was brought to us beyond burnt . like so visibly wrong we were shocked they would even set it on the table . yes , the presence of chorizo can darken the overall omelet appearance , this was not the issue . the issue was that the cook done burnt the shit out of that omelet . my bf is of the generally never send something back and make the best of it school . he tried dousing it in sauce to make it edible . nothing could help that sad omelet . we didnt even get the opportunity to send it back as no one came to check on us for several several minutes . despite seeing my empty plate and an omelet missing two bites on my bf ' s , the waitress said , is everything ok here ? hmmm , probably not . we explained it was not edible due to being beyond burnt . she apologized but did not offer to cook another or ask if he wanted something else . after a few mpre minutes we asked for the check , having to flag down another server . the chorizo omelet was not taken off the check . i informed the waitress that as the omelet , was not only visibly burnt but inedible , that it should be removed from the check . she then had a man come over , possibly the owner , who tried to explain to us that if may have been burned because the chorizo has to be cooked a long time . bad , bad , bad excuse , even more so as my bf used to own a bar restaurant in the southwest and is quite aware of how chorizo needs to be cooked and that most important , it can coexist with eggs in an omelet without it being burnt beyond consumption . if you are lookin for a great breakfast , try to the peppermill , where not only can they cook chorizo but deliver a hefty portion
2			starbucks	decent	rooms	small	nothing	small	lines	long	restaurants	crappy	book	cool	buffet	worst	giveaway	decent	restaurants	small	broiler	bad no			really crappy restaurants , nothing for the kids to do and the rooms are very very small . its right off the freeway . plus they rolled on oj . never had any luck at the machines and the lines are almost always long on friday & saturday to cash your checks . the sports book is cool & so is subway . bingo isnt half bad either . burger king & the guadalajara are all gone , the buffet is the worst and the cafe is closing & being replaced by a denny ' s . theres a decent starbucks on the way out to the parking garage , the broiler ain ' t half bad and you can never get a seat at the oyster bar which is the highlight of this place . ocassionally a decent giveaway to players club members .
2			amount	decent	place	hate	bar	spectacular	restaurant	best	service	horrible	grace	saving	hotels	many	rooms	free	it	amazing			just horrible service everywhere . only saving grace is the oyster bar which is spectacular . so just stop there to eat there and get the hell out . i ' ve received free rooms from bellagio , mandalay bay , and many other nicer hotels based on my play . although i ' m not a whale , i play a decent amount . but palace station at best will give me rooms at like $ 50 a night . it ' s amazing how cheap they are . also the pit bosses , dealers , hosts , valets and just about everyone there just treats you like you just kicked their dog . just awful . hate this place . but again go eat at the oyster bar . best restaurant in vegas .
2			one	small	izakaya	real	style	awesome			i lived in japan for about 2 years so its awesome to see a real izakaya albeit a small one style place here in lv ! ! my wife is japanese so she always goes for the okura natto . i just wished they had namadais . but yeah . . if i need my fix of yakitori , okonomiyaki and ramen . there isn ' t a better place so close to my apartment .
1			food	decent	service	horrible			food may be decent , but when mixed with horrible service and cash only , i think not .
1			blane	salty	it	hot	meat	little	soup	cold	chinese	worst			omgk , this place was the worst chinese i ' ve ever eating , first the service was like they were doing us a favor for throwing a menu at me i said hi he didn ' t . then when we got our food , the soup was cold , he took them screaming to the kitchen , soup cold again , we received it back microwave hot , and our spoons almost burning us that where still in the soup . the meal was salty rice blane , and very little meat in each one of our meals , that where already price highter than usually for lunch time menu . i ' m from san francisco , have been to hold in the walls and had better food . even where i live livermore , ca , where there is hardly any chinese rest . save your money and taste and go a couple of doors down . .
1			place	crappy	rice	complimentary	containers	large	joint	empty	place	crap	service	suck	bowls	small	adults	grown	plazas	numerous	servers	lazy	service	bad			crappiest chinese joint i ' ve ever eaten at ! avoid ! i don ' t want to give it one star , but there ' s not an option for no stars on here . this place is crap . it ' s located in chinatown about 10 minutes away from the las vegas strip . my family and i entered and waited to be seated . we waited for about 5 minutes . the joint was pretty empty except for two tables . we really shouldn ' t be waiting that long since there is a hostess stand , but the hostess was no where to be found . weird anyways , we were seated and were immediately asked in mandarin what we wanted . my mom asked them to speak in english and the waitress said , what do you want ? . rude much . we ordered and our food came 10 minutes later . what we found most surprising ? charging for rice . we ' re chinese and we frequent chinese restaurants a lot and it ' s always complimentary rice whenever you order a dish . we ordered roast duck , soup , beef and broccoli , and the beef chow fun . we asked for rice and they gave us two small bowls and there ' s five grown adults here . i see other tables had the large red containers of rice while we didn ' t . when we got the check , they added 18 % to 20 % gratuity even though we were not a table of six . on their menu , it says they add in gratuity for tables six or more . we didn ' t want to tip at all , but they already included it . don ' t dine here unless you want to be mistreated . there are numerous plazas and restaurants pho vietnamese , japanese , etc surrounding this crappy place . the service sucks as the servers are lazy and give you attitude if you try to get their attention . also , please speak chinese to them if you must dine here . my mother made the mistake of not speaking chinese which i think made them believe we weren ' t chinese and thus , gave us bad service .
1			meat	salty	pieces	tiny	menu	long	dish	huge	dishes	amazing	deal	great	taste	horrible			what a disappointment this place was ! i was told by a friend about the amazing duck dishes this place used to serve and last week found myself with an opportunity to check the place out . let ' s just say i will not be going back . my colleague and i walked in at 12 : 30 pm . i was afraid that we would have to wait for a table as this was right in the middle of the lunch rush , but shockingly , there was not a table occupied in the whole joint . this should have been a red flag but we stayed , regardless . while looking at the menu i realized it was a cash only restaurant and the menu items are all fully priced . this relegated me to the cash that i had in my wallet bummer . they have an excessively long menu and after a great deal of reading decided i ' d just get the chicken lo mein since i thought that was un mess up able . i thought wrong ! i was presented with a huge dish of the nastiest tasting , ugliest pile of beige . the chicken was little more than tiny pieces of salty poached rib meat and gristle . side note : the server had a fungal infection under his fingernails . that ' s not exactly the last thing i want to see before i dig into a meal gross . i wound up eating about 6 mouthfuls of noodles before i could tolerate no more . the horrible taste stayed with me all day . i will never return .
1			i	surprised	place	clean no	flavor	salted	rice	salted	notch	significant	dish	favorite	pork	dry	offering	best	others	dry	options	many	one	worst			i ' ve been to sam woo in nyc , toronto , la and orange county . this one in vegas is by far the worst . the bbq meats and the meals are a significant notch below the others i ' ve had bbq pork which was really dry , and i was surprised they served it . the best bbq offering is the stewed pork stomach . at the other sam woo ' s , my favorite dish to order is the salted fish and chicken fried rice . however in this location , there didn ' t seem to have any salted fish flavor . the beef chow fun is lacking in beef . and to top it off , the place is not as clean as the others . i ' ve gone here around 7 8 times , hoping that things would be improved , but i have moved on to other chinese restaurants as there are simply too many other options in chinatown .
1			everything	tasty	service	good	kalbi	like	service	horrible			second time i ' ve been here and it ' s still the same . we ordered the vegas style all you can eat because we liked the kalbi . everything is tasty yet the service there is absolutely horrible . we didn ' t get any plates , water , and rice when all of our meat came out . whenever we asked for more water or more for some help with our grill , we got an attitude and had to wait more . took us about 3 hours to get done instead of an hour or two if we had good service . won ' t come here again .
1			neighborhood	crusty	guy	hot	school	high	night	special	nightmare	filled	bartenders	friendly	thing	funny	place	horrible			the reason i ' m even giving this place 2 stars instead of 0 1 is because the drag show was pretty entertaining . the bartenders are amazingly friendly and around 11 they have a $ 10 well all you can drink all night special . aside from that wow ! ! ! hole in the wall in a crusty neighborhood next to a strip mall . i wasn ' t expecting much after perusing the reviews left on yelp but i really didn ' t expect to be walking into a smoke filled nightmare . funny thing was they actually had a vip section . i ' m kind of ranting here but it ' s because i can ' t wrap my brain around how horrible the place is . it ' s like going to a garage party when you were in high school but take away the hot guy you had a crush on and replace him with the 8th year senior that ' s at all the parties . oh and i had to do laundry after because everything i was wearing smelled like the carpet in the suncoast casino . someone should turn the ventilation system on .
1			staff	incompetent	capriottis	worst			do not come here . this is the worst capriottis ever . the staff is completely incompetent . i have been here at least 3 times and every single time there has been an issue . 2 of the times i would be waiting for my sandwiches 15 mins and then someone would come out and say that they messed it up and are remaking them another 15 mins . the last time i ordered the woman literally repeated my order back 4 times . 4 times . and they still messed it up . i gave this place a few tries but i will never return to this capriottis .
1			i	confused	drivers	friendly	they	right	address	right	shit	ok no	guests	hungry	train	giant	minutes	bad no	way	long	i	hungry	wedding	ok no	reviews	bad			i ' ve been putting this review off for way too long , so let ' s just go ahead and bite the bullet . i hate giving places bad reviews and bringing down their average , but i used presidential for my wedding and shit was not okay . dad was paying for limos to take everyone from the wedding venue to dinner , and we booked several of them for 1 hour it should take 15 minutes to get from one place to the other . i figured that by booking 1 hour , we the girls would have time to have our limo swing by the hotel to ditch the bouquets , guest book , and my giant train and veil . after the ceremony , the limos were supposed to arrive at the venue at 8 : 15 . 8 : 25 came and went , and i had to get on the phone with the company . the company called dispatch and said the limos were almost there . kfine , 10 minutes isn ' t bad . weellll 8 : 40 came and went , and i was on the phone again . the operator told me that limos were already there and had been there for a while . what ? where ? i was standing at the front of the venue doors , and there wasn ' t a limo in sight . well , the drivers said that they ' re right in front of the venue . at this point , i was confused . very confused . and stressed . because it was my wedding day . and there weren ' t any limos in sight ! and guests were hungry . and i was hungry . and did y ' all the limo company even have the right address ? then i heard one of my bridesmaids yell , hey ann ! the limos are in the back ! the back . great . thanks for the communication or lack of , guys . by that point , it was close to 9pm . we didn ' t have time to drop anything off , and we ended up paying for the full hour . 2 stars for the friendly drivers and the bottle of champagne in each limo . but seriously , 1 3 of a glass of bubbly for each passenger ain ' t gonna fix this one .
1			up	warm	fix	easy	car	ready	valve	bad			disclaimer : my visit to wally ' s was about three years ago , maybe things are better now . this was the first time i had ever taken one of my vehicles to a shop for anything other than an oil change , tires , or smog check . i do all my own work and well , for me , this was similar to dropping your child off at day care for the first time . i chose wally ' s because i figured it would be cheaper than the dealer . my car had an erratic idle during warm up , i did some of my own diagnostic work and narrowed it down to a few different things but i decided i didn ' t want to throw parts at it and surly wally ' s could handle this situation . i dropped my car off and one of wally ' s staff drove me back to work , i appreciated that . i got a call the next day and they said the car was ready to go . the bill was $ 500 . okay , a little more than i wanted to spend but at least it ' s running properly now . not ! whatever they did made the problem worse ! ! ! how on earth could they tell me it was better ? , that ' s beyond me . i took the car back , got another ride back to work , and this time they figured it out . bad idle air control valve . okay good this was one of the things that i thought might have been bad so at least we agree on that . so not too excited that i had to take it there twice . but here ' s what really roasted my muffins . a few months ago i was looking through a honda accord chat forum and apparently this problem is extremely prevalent in these cars . these guys only work on hondas and acuras , why aren ' t they familiar with this problem ? so in the end i feel like was probably overcharged for shop time considering that this should have been an easy fix for them . six and twelve months later wally ' s called my cell phone hey i ' m on the 400 minutes a month plan , quite wasting my minutes ! to remind me to come in for maintenance . ugh i know when i need to do these things and i ' m not coming back here to have them done . so why the two stars ? well i really did appreciate the rides back to work and at the end of the day they never tried to up sell me on further repairs that i didn ' t need , but i don ' t think i ' ll go back there .
1			night	late	restaurant	little	restaurant	strange	night	great	alternative	local	ihop	open	it	wise	food	local	groups	odd	food	average	tasted	ok	service	bad			blueberry hill serves up completely average diner food . it has it ' s purpose , though , and it makes great late night or hangover food . my chorizo omelet came out as more of a scramble , and only tasted ok . if you ' re looking for a local , family owned alternative to ihop that ' s still open 24 hours , this is your place . it ' s a strange little restaurant , layout wise , but on the plus side , they do have booths for odd numbered groups of 3 , 5 , etc the service was honestly just bad . we rotated between 2 different waiters , and neither of them really paid us much attention . to top off the misery , the guy at the cash register was one of the most pessimistic people i ' ve encountered . when my friend ' s credit card wouldn ' t swipe on the first try , he grumbled , at lest you *have* credit most people in the country don ' t ! nice blueberry hill will serve in a pinch , but there have got to be better local 24 hour food options in vegas
1			they	friendly no	reviews	good	polish	regular	i	happy no	experience	happy no	communication	horrible			i was really unhappy with the service . i came here because i read the good reviews on yelp , but now i know not to go to the first place i click on with good reviews . from the moment i walked in they weren ' t friendly , and the communication was horrible . every question i asked & request was not understood . the fill took way longer than necessary . i was charged $ 5 more for gel when i asked for regular polish . . just overall an unhappy experience .
1			review	bad	service	great	service	bad			this is the second time i have had bad service and the second time leaving a bad review . i called the office to inquire about their travel services . i got a voicemail of course . i was contacted later that evening and she told me that if i was purchasing airline tickets that there is a $ 40 charge ! i said well , just another reason to be dissatisfied with your services . she replied it ' s not us , it ' s the airlines . then hung up on me . no goodbye or anything ! wow great customer service ! ! i think it ' s about time for a refund for what i was ripped off with this membership ! ! absolutely no stars ! ! !
1			drink	simple	people	new	service	horrible			i use to think that there is no other place other than tea station . despite their horrible service , i still continued to buy my tea there . one day , i just couldnt stand it anymore , they had new people working and twice they made my drink wrong . when i have to pay $ 6 for my boba , it better be my money ' s worth . i have been ordering the wintermelon milk tea for 2 years and they now tell me that the drink does not exist . they poured milk into the wintermelon green tea that they mistakenly made for me . of course it did not taste they way it was suppose to . i complained and they did not want to replace my drink until i got a bit furious with them . they ended up just making me a milk tea , which was delicious but i did not enjoy it , just for the fact that i initially wanted my wintermelon milk tea and what they put me through , just for a simple drink .
1			expectations	low	restaurants	popular	dishes	main	need	desperate	it	impressive	something	spicy	something	tired	service	bad			let me preface this review by saying that i ' m not related to the owner nor do i have stock in this restaurant . my family spent 6 days in vegas shoveling in buffet after buffet . i was in desperate need of korean food , and i have pretty low expectations when it comes to vegas korean food . nevertheless , i took my chances with yelp , and we stumbled across this place . we ordered jjambong , chicken cutlet , dolsot bibimbab , and some fish dish . the banchans came out first , and it was very impressive . the main dishes came out , and each dish was spot on . i ' m not going to dissect each dish , but each dish could have been it ' s own restaurant . if you saw what i looked like , you would trust my food review . this is the first legitimate korean restaurant we have eaten at . this restaurant could definitely keep up with the popular restaurants in k town . if you come here and complain that the service was bad or the walls didn ' t meet your artistic needs come on . asian people aren ' t known for their service , so let ' s get over that aspect . if you are craving something spicy and tired of the omelette and meat stations , give this place a try .
1			i	ready	price	original	he	friendly	diamonds	less	jewelry	dishonest	quote	updated	jewelry	horrible			horrible and dishonest jewelry store ! ! went in with my fianc u00e9 to get a quote on a custom engagement ring setting we already had the center stone and we dealt with barry . he was very friendly and got us a quote based on pictures of a setting i loved , it was 3500 $ . so a week later i emailed him to say that i was ready to move forward and we had bought some of the side diamonds to add into the setting and i wanted an updated quote . barry emailed me a quote of more than double the original price ! ! with less diamonds they would need to provide how does this make sense ? total scammers and dishonest ! oh and i did have quotes done by other custom jewelers and they were all between 3 and 4 thousand beware ! ! ! !
1			auto	limited no	person	terrible	shit	tough	dealership	worst			auto unlimited is the worst car dealership i have ever had to deal with . they break the law and the owner is a terrible person . i bought a car that pulled to the right , during the purchase i told the salesman that i would not buy the car if it pulls to the right . so he assured me that they would take care of it . after they looked over the car twice the problem was not fixed and the owner said tough shit i am not helping you . the car also has a dtc for a sensor that came on 2 days after i bought the car . i checked and they cleared the code right before i bought the car . that is against the law ! ! never ever go to this dealership , they lie just to get you to buy a car .
1			internet	slow	quality	poor	i	disappointed	service	crappy	experiences	bad			i am extremely disappointed in the cox services . we have their internet service wireless , and it is very poor quality . the internet is slow no matter what device we use and no matter what room of the house , and occasionally it will stop working for a few minutes and then randomly come back on . after about 8 months of this service , we got a notice from cox that they were increasing our monthly bill for the same crappy service . we just switched to century link , and it is so much better . and cheaper ! the only way to get better cox service is to pay even more and upgrade to a higher speed package unacceptable . we ' ve had bad experiences with cox when we lived in georgia as well , so we will never be signing up for cox services again .
1			it	worth no	cox	ashamed	i	longer	line	long	practices	ethical no	service	bad			i had originally intended to submit an eloquent review of the horrifying service provided by cox but clearly it ' s not worth spending the time . mine would just be another in a long line of one star reviews . suffice it to say that i am no longer and will never again be a cox customer . i hope all those who have a choice will take the time to read the reviews here , take them to heart , and find another provider . cox should be ashamed of both their unethical business practices and their horrifyingly bad service .
1			staff	professional no	she	tired	day	long	shop	recommend	shirt	nice	service	bad			my boyfriend and i are looking for a nice tie and dress shirt . he was torn between the other ties from the other shop so we took our time to discuss and weigh things . staff named carol was very unprofessional . very rude . she was complaining that she was tired and they have a long day and telling us if you don ' t buy the tie let me have it . no wonder they have no customers inside the shop . i will never never recommend this shop to anybody . very bad customer service . and very sad because this is how they treat they ' re customers especially people from out of town .
1			it	flavorless	it	dry	rice	worst			for a chinese restaurant , this is one of the worst fried rice i have ever had . it was dry and flavorless . everything didn ' t have any taste .
1			workers	rude	places	worst			this place deserves no stars . . this is one of the worst places to get your nails done or any service . its very dirty , the workers are rude , they talk crap on front of you . i know a few words and slangs and i told the lady i understand what your saying
1			experience	bad			bad experience in this restaurant burrito was not to my order , had to ask them 3 times why there was no cheese . no refill on horchata at this location and they overcharge for a drink . thinking about making pepes my go to place for now on . also called corporate and they seem to not care . not recommended at all , beware ! ! !
1			food	great	portions	small	woman	rude	service	horrible			the food is great but the service is horrible . i wanted to get some food delivered for dinner , so i called the store around 4 : 35pm and they refused to take my order until 5pm and then rudely hung up on me . despite the attitude i decided to call back at exactly 5 to place my order , when the same rude woman picked up she told me that it would be at least 2 hours since they had 4 orders ahead of me . i am not going to tolerate the double standards , horrible service and small portions anymore . it is unlikely that i will return .
2			food	great	staff	great	they	amazing			great staff ! we had dannielle and erica they were amazing ! ! ! ! ! thanks girls for being friendly ! food was great as well !
1			staff	professional no	staff	horrible	experience	horrible			most horrible experience i have ever had at a restaurant . the pasta was very under cooked and the pasta sauce had no taste . horrible unprofessional wait staff
1			place	dirty	place	horrible			horrible and dirty place , this place gave me a toe infection that has not healed in over a month . i dont understand how they any customers . after reading the reviews i still gave them a chance , because it was close to my house and they have alot of foot traffic . never again will i go here , too dirty to be open ! ! ! !
1			service	awful	smell	funny	it	dirty	walmart	worst			worst walmart in las vegas . i start itching the second i walk through the door , it ' s always dirty , it has a funny smell , awful customer service and i only ever go there if my boyfriend drags me in . i have nothing against other walmarts . i enjoy going to other walmarts . just not this one .
1			job	great	they	efficient	efficient	friendly	efficient	clean	technicians	awesome	job	horrible			the nail technicians here are awesome ! they are friendly , clean , efficient and do a great job . we my mom and i hate spending $ 100 for two mani pedis when they do a horrible job and for once were happy due to yelpers ! this is a must stop for pedicures . i would suggest making an appointment before going .
1			person	new	rock	hard	note	regular	ride	long	impression	bad			picked up from the airport and again a complaint about where i ' m going . sorry cabbies , i like to hit up mr lucky ' s in the hard rock for some chicken soup and a sammie when i get off a long plane ride yea , typically i ' m hurting a bit . ' hard rock ? not far ! ' complains the driver . he didn ' t say anything after that , so i ' ll 2 star it instead of 1 , but why are these people such d ! cks ? quit your whining . you ' re back at the airport in 5 for a other pickup . another bad impression given to any new person arriving in this town . thanks , ace ! bonus : he forgot i said hrh and brought me to the regular hotel entrance side note : nicole who responds but ultimately does nothing to all of these cab complaints , please don ' t waste your time and message me .
1			airport	damn	attitude	bad	product	bad			the worst ! 35 minutes just to leave the damn airport ! bad product , bad attitude , stay away .
2			food	great	prices	great	food	friendly	portions	awesome			great food , great prices , awesome portions . they delivered the food within the window they gave us , super friendly , the delivery guy also brought a 100 count box of tea , stating merry christmas . from now on this will be the only place i get chinese food from
2			food	great	service	great	servings	huge	it	amazing			anyone going must try the fried zucchini it ' s amazing ! ! great service and great food ! ! the servings are huge ! ! you can not beat the price . we will definitely be returning and recommending it to everyone .
2			fan	big	little	quick	it	mediocre	waitress	friendly	steaks	best	porterhouse	amazing	service	excellent	it	ok	it	amazing			absolutely one of the best steaks in town . not a big fan of the sides that came with it but i ordered the 22oz . porterhouse and it was amazing . service was excellent ! ! waitress was very friendly and the food was delivered quick ! maybe a little too quick lol . i didn ' t get to finish my salad . it ' s ok because it was mediocre like the rest of the sides . the steak is why you ' re here though and well worth it ! !
2			tour	recommend	facts	interesting	seem	dated	tour	amazing			i have taken this tour two different times . some parts of it seem a little dated , mostly the dialogue in the beginning video , but the facts are still very interesting and the tour is amazing because of the structures . i would recommend this tour to anyone that is not claustrophobic because at one point in the tour , you take an elevator to the lower levels and it can be a bit much for people with those sensitivities .
1			service	worst	colors	boring	chairs	dirty	chairs	old	color	ugly	experience	worst	experience	absolute	pedicure	full	machine	awesome	cuticles	bad			i ' m only giving this one star because i can ' t give it less on the review site . this is the worst salon service i ' ve ever gotten . i purchased a groupon for a mani pedi combo . i went with a group of friends while we were on vacation in vegas . we weren ' t greeted at the door and no one offered us anything to drink at all . weird for a salon . the woman doing the nails arrived late to the appointment for one of us , and then didn ' t know how to remove her gel nail polish . after she couldn ' t do it , she made my friend remove it herself . and at the end she tried to charge her an extra 10 dollars for it . while she was doing another of my friends nails she kept popping chocolate into her mouth . how unsanitary is that ? gross . she finally told us we could help ourselves to their awesome espresso machine but it was two dollars , and if we wanted soda , it ' d also cost us . first time someone at a salon has ever tried to charge me for a drink . well , after she was done stuffing her face with bon bons she got around to actually doing my friends nails . she told us we couldn ' t do boring colors because it wasn ' t vegas enough . um , last time i checked , we were paying you for the service . not your decision . my friend had a hangnail and the bon bon tech lady decided to put superglue on it , but she didn ' t want to stick a pin in the top of the superglue spout to clear it out because she didn ' t want to hurt herself so she made one of us do it . classy . then she stuck superglue all over my friends cuticle , which she spent the rest of the night removing . during the pedicure portion for my friend , she actually made her legs bleed with the scrubbing she did . yikes . and when my friend told her she ' d bought a dress for a grey dress for a night out , the bon bon lady told her that grey is an ugly color . professional all the way . when one of my friends complimented my purse the bon bon lady said that ' s a grandma purse . excuse me ? who asked you ? my appointment with her started half an hour late . she cut my cuticles so bad that one of my fingers bled the rest of the night . i didn ' t even get the full pedicure because we didn ' t have time because we had tickets to see a show that night , which we weren ' t able to make on time anyway . some other fun things from our posare salon visit : bon bon lady kept answering her phone during our nail services . complained that her son , though really , really good looking , kept bringing home one fat girl after another . bon bon lady wasn ' t exactly supermodel weight herself the equipment wasnt nice either . the pedicure chairs were old and dirty and the manicure tables looked like they needed a good wipe down with a disinfectant . to sum it up , this was the absolute worst experience i ' ve ever had at a salon . supercuts is classier than this place was . this place needs tabatha coffey to visit it , because that ' s the only way i ' d ever visit it again .
2			chips	complimentary	night	cool	customer	loyal	it	salty	soup	aforementioned	tastes	great	experience	bad	place	recommend	fixings	typical	restaurants	favorite	dough	delicious	food	bad	start	awesome			i ' ve been coming to el burrito since i was in middle school and it ' s still one of my favorite homegrown mexican restaurants in las vegas . i ' ve never really had a bad experience or bad food at this place because i pretty much stick to three things on the menu because each of those items are so good that i just never decided to branch out and try anything else . the complimentary chips and salsa are always an awesome start to the meal . i usually follow that up with the noodle soup . it ' s pretty salty , but it ' ll warm you up on a cool night and it tastes great . i usually get one of three entree plates every time i go , which comes with the aforementioned soup . 1 two chicken burritos w red sauce 2 two tamales 3 carne asada each of the items comes with the typical fixings , rice and beans and whatnot . each of the items are equally tasty , and if you get the two burrito plate you will definitely have leftovers ! i usually cap the meal off with the sopapillas , which are cinnamon sugar covered pieces of dough that are absolutely delicious . : i highly recommend this place , as a loyal customer for most of my life .
1			it	slow	it	worth no	weekend	busy	rat	dead	hotel	worst	turd	small	rat	old	i	understanding	department	wrong	place	disgusting	hair	foul	dirt	old	hotel	ideal	thrill	cheap	night	free	deal	big	roach	worst			i ' ve stayed in some of the worst roach infested seaside motels in california , and this was easily the worst hotel i ' ve ever been in . it ' s las vegas , so you really aren ' t going to spend a ton of time in your room however , the ability to shower before you go out is sort of a big deal . the shower in our room wouldn ' t drain and quickly filled up with water . i tried taking a pen and cramming it down the drain to see if i could fix it i pulled the pen out and a hunk of foul hair and gunk came with it . the drain was plugged up with some bitch ' s entire weave or something perhaps a dog . we called down to the front desk and were transferred to the wrong department , transferred to a voice mail , and hung up on twice before we were able to get them to send someone out . they sent out two maintenance guys to fix it and they spent a half hour blowing air down the drain with a hand pump . this did nothing . they left saying it was still slow , but working a little better . it didn ' t . all it did was make us late . it wasn ' t just the bathtub malfunction that was a problem the place was disgusting . there was some sort of small turd near the entry . the vent in the bathroom looked like there was a 1000 year old dead rat inside . the air conditioner sounded like an asthmatic and the busted tile beneath it was covered in dirt . there were all sorts of stains all over the carpet and anything with a surface was covered in layers of old dirt tops of door frames , mirrors , headboards , etc every shower curtain ring was broken as well it felt like some sort of joke like we were on some sort of reality show someone just wanted to see us crack . sadly the room was 150 per night because we got there on a busy weekend i suppose . other people online had reported paying in the 30s for their room . i wouldn ' t have felt right paying 30 any more than i felt right paying 150 . i took pictures of everything and brought them downstairs in the morning to the manager who acted relatively nice . i showed her the pictures on my camera and she had me wait to show her head of cleaning staff who looked at them and shrugged at me dismissively . in the end , they comped my room . they should ' ve given us tickets to something or gambling money or offered a free night in one of their nicer suites . had they done anything more than comped the room , i would ' ve tried to be a little more understanding . as it stands though , they did not . i paid nothing for this room in the end , and it damn near ruined my vacation . it ' s not worth it at 150 , 90 , 60 , 30 dollars not even zero . if you ' re a college kid who is happy drinking bud , your idea of ' ballin ' is winning 50 cents in the penny slots , and you are in vegas to throw televisions through windows and pee in the hallway you have found your ideal hotel . for a cheap thrill , get in the elevator and ride it as high as it will go you will fear for your life . fuck this place .
2			voice	bored	griminess	certain	bed	comfortable	pm	exhausted	restroom	typical	it	nice	bed	clean	costs	low	voice	bad	enough	big	rooms	bad no			i know , i know what would you expect ? still , no matter how trashy the theme i do expect to get what i paid for . true , the hooters casino is as poorly cleaned and maintained as one of their restaurants , but the rooms were not quite so bad as the typical hooters restroom and one has to expect a certain griminess to go with the low room costs that could potentially be some of the fun of the aesthetic that hooters touts , i suppose . we came to the hooters casino because some friends were already booked here and we wanted to spend some time with them after we had rested some , and enjoy exploring las vegas . they , my partner , and i had just spent a week first on a grueling 1900 mile road trip from austin to northern nevada and then camping in a barren desert for the burning man art festival and figured it would be nice to spend some time with each other just decompressing . so we decided we would pay ahead for a room with a bed big enough for both of us , knowing that it would take all day to drive through nevada from black rock desert to las vegas . we paid ahead for a room with a king size bed for three nights , got up at 7 : 30 am and drove all day from burning man in north nevada , got in around 11 pm exhausted and haggard , looking forward to nothing more than just crawling into a clean comfortable bed with each other and relaxing , before spending and they tell us that they will only put us in a room with two doubles and told us in a bored voice , too bad , even though you paid ahead for a king room , it is first come first served . tough , there is nothing we can do , that ' s policy . in effect , you can only get what you paid for if you come at checkin time paying for the room ahead of time does not actually secure it . our friends were , of course , screwed over by the same policy and were no happier about it . avoid any business that does not deal honestly with its customers like this this is worse than what you would reasonably expect from hooters and las vegas combined . i expect trashiness from hooters and sleazy business practices from las vegas but bait and switch is outside the bounds of any business claiming to be reputable .
2			others	efficient	service	fine	it	good	they	nice	sign	clean	others	nice	it	bad no			for the price i ' d say what can one expect . most cities don ' t have hotels for as cheap as this one so with that said it ' s pretty good for that . i was there for work at night so i didn ' t do much gambling or walking around . i did end up eating at hooters nearly everyday for not being sure where else to eat and not wanting to be late for work plus it ' s not bad so why not : some of the girls weren ' t very nice others were super nice and very efficient in their jobs and had actual boobs . perhaps boobs make one nicer to others ? perhaps some felt they didn ' t have to be nice because i ' m a girl and i ' m not drinking so it doesn ' t matter ? room service was fine with cleaning the room until one day a lady came in while i was eating and didn ' t clean anything else for the rest of my my stay there . i put the please clean sign on the outside of the door before leaving to work at night and when i returned in the morning the sign was gone . i do understand why ppl might pay a little more though if i do come again with other ppl i ' ll probably hardly be in my room anyway . though honestly i probably would ' ve been better off staying at circus circus with all the kids since all i wanted to do in my spare time was visit the arcades any way lol
1			fries	warm	fries	curly	fries	good	they	cold	food	cold	service	great no	they	busy no	service	bad			this is a review for the restaurant inside of the casino . i ' ve always been a fan of hooters wings and curly fries . so , after seeing a show we stopped here to eat . my husband and i both got wings . they were cold . cold enough that they could have been cooked and put in the fridge . this is the only hooters that hasn ' t been spot on with the wings . service wasn ' t great either . we got our food and no one came to check on us for 20 minutes and i clearly wasn ' t eating my food . at least the curly fries were good , and warm . overall cold food and bad service , and they weren ' t even busy !
2			broth	tasty	bi	dry no	wontons	many	flavor	great	turn	quick	restaurant	big	it	love	dish	favorite	flavor	tender	food	good	broth	great	cha	superb	meats	fresh	sizes	massive	i	awesome			pretty damn good vietnamese food i must say . been coming here alot actually this past year and some occasions we ' ll visit twice in our trip . pho broth is very tasty , meats are fresh . mi soup broth is great as well , they give u so many wontons . 2 sizes but both bowls are massive . favorite dish there is com tam bi cha suong nuong . the pork chop is tender great flavor compared to other spots and their egg cha is superb . i normally am unimpressed with egg cha at other places even tho i love it , so its awesome that i ' m able to enjoy it again . and their bi is not overly dry which is great . the restaurant is big and their turn around time for tables are quick even though they get busy alot . service is a hit or miss . i mean its a vietnamese restaurant , ur not gonna be catered in royalty . just expect your first requests for items to not come and be patient to flag them or someone else down for it again .
2			staff	professional	staff	amazing	school	love	school	amazing			most amazing school ! teachers care staff is amazing & professional . the level of care is incomparable to any other school in nv have 2 kids here . blessed ! highly reccomend . my kid absolutely love school ! !
1			it	close	job	great	dirt	full	it	perfect	it	bad			brought my dually ranch truck in today and they did a great job ! it was full of hay , dog and horse hair dirt and grime ! it cost $ 160 but they worked on it for 4 hours ! ! they didn ' t get it perfect but so close and for as bad as it was i will give it to them ! will be back and it will be way cheaper if i don ' t let it get so out of hand . .
2			food	amazing			for a place known for its beer , the food is shockingly amazing
1			place	worst			this is the worst place you could possibly go to get food . place is run by convicts who were placed here to have a job . you can tell they really don ' t care how fast they get your food out . they are constantly out of whoppers especially on sundays at lunchtime . part of me thinks they just don ' t want to serve people . whoever is in change of this place needs to be fired . they don ' t even clean the place .
2			minutes	right	style	fancy	style	new	way	classic	hash	like	place	recommend no	service	slow	food	bad no			the service here on a saturday morning was ridiculously slow . we were seated and it then took 15 minutes for anyone to come and take our order . even then , the waitress only initially took our drinks orders until we summoned her back to take the food order as well . oddly enough , 15 minutes was just right to decide what we wanted . the coffee kept coming reasonably regularly but the food took another 45 minutes to appear , which is just amazing . it ' s diner food not gourmet a la carte . the food wasn ' t bad though , although i would have liked my corned beef hash to be a bit bigger . it felt like someone was trying to dress it up as a fancy new style , when it should just have been served in the classic way . can ' t really recommend this place but i can see the appeal of diner food 24 hours a day . if only they can improve the service .
2			evening	warm	sandwich	good	evening	sunny	sandwich	recommend	people	awesome			another place my dad and i hit while staying in pittsburgh in may of 2012 . came here on recommendation of a couple people who worked at the sheraton station where my dad and i were staying . everyone we talked to at the hotel about this place recommended the delmonico steak sandwich . they all said basically the same thing . it ' s what a philly cheese steak aspires to be . i ' m not sure if this is just a pittsburgh v philly rivalry thing . none the less , it was a good sandwich . i also had the gazpacho soup . that was just what the doctor ordered . we sat out on the patio on a warm sunny evening and enjoyed a beer and sandwich . as with every place i went in pittsburgh , the people were awesome .
1			food	bland	service	bad			our waiter is delusional ! bad service ! he filled up my drink and forgot who it belonged to in less than a minute and gave my drink to the table next to mine ! food is bland ! never coming back ! what a gimmick of a place !
1			attitude	worst			they forgot my order , i waited 25 minutes for my bubble tea . the worst attitude i have ever experienced .
1			it	old	pizza	worst	i	glad	it	good	reviewers	many	stomach	sick	i	satisfied no	service	good	smelled	horrible			i just had the worst pizza i ' ve ever tasted from this place . many other reviewers seem to concentrate on how good the service is . the service is good , they delivered my pizza within 25 minutes , but i can ' t imagine how they could have done a worse job making it . the chicken tasted like it was irresponsibly old . i ' m glad other people thought it was good but i will not be going back . me and a roommate got a pizza planning to split it . we got about 1 3 of the way through , couldn ' t finish , and now he is laying on the couch with a sick stomach and i am dissatisfied enough to write my first review of any business . my other roommate asked me to throw the remaining 2 3 of the pizza in the outside trashcan because it smelled so horrible . i would ' ve given it zero stars if that was possible .
1			duck	gross	dishes	bland	place	horrible			this place is horrible ! ginger duck was gross and other dishes were bland . i will never be returning here .
2			homefries	great	place	small	hotcakes	amazing			amazing hotcakes pancakes . the line moves quickly for such a small place . the homefries are also great . i will miss this place i wish they had a location in california .
2			night	late	it	delicious	it	small	place	favorite	it	cozy	it	amazing			i don ' t know about you , but this is my favorite pizza place in all of pittsburgh ! can ' t go wrong with aiello ' s . it ' s small and cozy , but it ' s exactly what i ' d expect from a pizza place on sq . hill . late college night ? try this pizza . it is amazing , it is delicious , and i wish i could go here more often .
1			neighborhood	square	patio	filthy	food	mediocre	employees	surly	i	angry	place	horrible			horrible place . this bar restaurant could be so much more , but the surly employees and their laissez faire for you ryan ' s employees reading this , that means ' i couldn ' t give a damn ' attitude just seals the deal : i ' ll never set foot in this place again . add to their attitude , and the mediocre food , the fact that their patio , where all the windows were closed tonight , was filthy with smoke . when i questioned the self designated queen behind the bar about this , she asked why i was so angry . well , that comment practically lead my mouse to the allegheny county smoking violation report website , needless to say . it ' s a shame that a place such as this still exists ; clearly it draws from beyond the actual regent square neighborhood , where tastes are obviously not so discriminating .
2			deal	delish	size	big	salad	good	smiles	no	roadhouse	love	waitress	nice	size	nice	it	burnt	deal	edible	oz	small	songs	annoying	well	flavored	smiles	limp	it	charred	feel	satisfied no	waitress	impressive	i	hungry no	deal	big	tad	burnt	shrimp	amazing			the onion blossom was a tad burnt , no big deal still edible and delish . they kept turning the music up and down and switching songs , kindof annoying but maybe there was a malfunction . i always look forward to their dancing , they did 1 minute to a song that wasn ' t very dance able and they were limp and no smiles . very disappointing . waitress was nice , nothing impressive but nothing bad . salad was good , shrimp were amazing and were a nice big size and flavored well . then the steak . . i got the 6 oz which is super small , like kid size small . i got it cause i wasn ' t super hungry but geez , i guess i didn ' t realize what 6 oz looked like needless to say i ate 2 bites and let it sit it was charred burnt on the outside , i ordered medium rare and it was barely a hint of pink . . disappointing i didn ' t complain to the waitress but she probably should have taken a hint when i told her i was done and it looked like i didn ' t touch my food and i didn ' t want a box $ 80 later i feel dissatisfied . i love texas roadhouse but will probably need to find a location with a little better service and food
1			service	suck	food	good no	outback	worst			worst outback i ' ve been to . the service sucks and there food is not good . very ran down so don ' t waist your time and money at this location . i do love outback tho , just not this location .
2			atmosphere	great	food	good	space	amazing			good food , great bar atmosphere with lots of tvs ! beer specials could be better , but certainly not the worst . outside patio is an amazing space to watch the games .
1			they	busy	meal	bad			this place never disappoints . i have never had a bad meal here . there are always plenty of vegetarian selections to choose from . i recommend making a reservation as they are always busy !
2			it	slow	trips	good no	restaurants	good	beers	good	restaurant	good	coffee	good	beers	local	trips	bad no			from what i hear 300 east used to be a good restaurant . not anymore . tonight was the 4th time i ' ve been there in the past couple years . the first 3 trips weren ' t bad but definitely weren ' t good . tonight was more along the lines of awful . service : awful . it tooke us over 2 and a half hours for dinner for 6 people we had apps but no dessert . it was slow , our waitress was absent , and it took them forever to clear our plates . food : awful . three of us got burgers and they were flavorless and over cooked . my sister in law got the pork tenderloin and it came out cold . the crab cakes were eh . the salmon nothing special . the few pluses : good local draft beers . good coffee . that ' s it . in a city with plenty of good restaurants , don ' t waste your time on 300 east
1			cleaning	dry	articles	ready	working	young	experience	worst	i	furious	place	horrible			i used to take my all of my dry cleaning here all the time until they lost my jacket . when i went to drop of my items , i was given two claim tickets since the other item required a repair . both articles of clothing were going to be ready on the same day . when i went to pick it up on saturday morning , the young lady working informed me they didn ' t have the jacket . after about 30 minutes of describing the jacket , she calls what appears to be the owner . then they deny that i ever dropped off the jacket ! ! ! i was furious ! ! ! ! i showed her my 2 claim receipts . she refused to acknowledge anything i had to say . i told her i was not leaving until they found my jacket ! she started threatening me starting they had video cameras . this place is absolutely horrible ! worst experience of my life ! ! ! !
1			food	great	host	rude	server	slow	server	sarcastic	experience	great	way	bad			usually have a great experience but the last time was awful ! the host was very rude and our server jeffrey was slow and sarcastic in a bad way the food is always great , but over all dealing with the staff was not worth it !
1			staff	rude	product	expensive	i	stupid	it	bad			i will never go back to this rite aid ! i had a problem with a very expensive product there and the staff was very rude to me . the assistant manager spoke down to me and treated me like i was stupid . she did nothing to help me or the situation . it was so bad i left in tears and will never go back .
1			place	best	choice	top no	place	open	it	good	breakfast	good	food	decent	it	affordable	it	bad			if you are thinking of a place for lunch and dinner , skyland wouldn ' t be my top choice , or my second choice . their food is decent , i won ' t say it ' s good or bad , just decent . it is by far the best place open past 11pm though . their breakfast is pretty good i will say , and they serve it 24 7 . it ' s very affordable with most items about 5 9 dollars . breakfast 4 5 stars lunch dinner 2 5 stars afterhours dining 5 5 stars
1			politics	conservative	haircut	bad	experience	bad			i took my daughter here and it was a very bad experience . the two men were very opinionated about their conservative politics and imposed their views on us , plus the haircut was bad .
2			thing	best	special	awesome			best home cooked italian joint in nc so far . their special was awesome ! i wanted to get the shrimp scampi , but they had a special with shrimp and scallops and i couldn ' t so no . glad i didn ' t . absolutely the best thing ever . give this place a try !
2			i	impressed no	cabinets	outdated	wires	exposed	appliances	outdated	cable	basic	size	bad no			i had gone and checked out an apartment here about a month ago . i looked at a one one and was not impressed . for the quoted cost $ 800 plus trash and basic cable , the actually size of the place wasn ' t so bad i believe it was 750sq ft , but it smelled like mildew as you walked up the stairs and into the apartment . plus the appliances and cabinets were outdated and grungy . it didn ' t seem worth the money . not to mention there were pipelines and exposed wires in the bedroom closet . i settled on a beautiful 2 2 with patio and fireplace somewhere else for the same cost as camden ' s 1 1 .
2			feel	good no	beef	ok	problem	watery	cheese	watery	aftermath	horrible	it	bad no			floyd ' s is interesting . i came here once when i was doing a selling gig of mine during the summer and i came back to try their food . so i came in for lunch for a take out as my brother and as well as a few friends came down from raleigh wanted to try it out . i ordered the stew beef as well as doubled the side of the mac n cheese . let ' s just say , if you ' re going to work out or do anything active in the few to several hours dont . because i was burping that stuff up and it just didn ' t feel good . but , that ' s southern food for you . i felt that the mac n cheese was a little watery and wasn ' t cheesy enough . the stew beef was okay , i guess . the problem with that was it was also too watery and it had no flavor . i was thinking that it would give me a punch because , well it ' s in a stew . i think i won ' t come back here for a while , especially since the aftermath of the meal was horrible . i think when you eat something , the process of eating it and the aftermath is wrapped into one ! if you do come here , i suggest you to order the chicken as i heard it wasn ' t bad . from my experience though , stay away from the stew beef .
1			bun	dry	slabs	identical	cheeseburgers	worst			i ' ve been going to pressley park since forever and it ' s always been a dependable meat+three place to go . last week i was in the area and stopped in for lunch . i happened to be in a hamburger mode so i ordered the double cheeseburger . i will have to say that cheeseburger was one of the worst cheeseburgers i ' ve had . two pieces of identical slabs of hamburger that looked like they had just gone from the freezer to the bun , bypassing the flattop altogether . cheese squares then flopped on and hardly melted . all on a sort of dry bun . it just wasn ' t what i was expecting or what should have been served . yes , i ' ll go back some day but will probably stick with the veggie plate .
1			atmosphere	lackluster	inside	raw	experience	bad			don ' t do it ! the food took forever and when my husband ' s steak finally came which he had ordered medium rare it was well done . they sent it back and the replacement was tar tar , absolutely raw inside . the atmosphere was lackluster and the entire experience was bad .
1			eggrolls	hard	chinese	worst			chopsticks in matthews is 10times better , all we tasted was salt , salt , and more salt . the eggrolls was hard and where were the stuffing ? the fried rice tasted like white rice with rubber shrimp in it . worst chinese ever .
1			staff	rude	pedicure	worst			went to the nini nails on john delany and got the worst pedicure ever staff was rude and my nails look like crap ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
2			mac	amazing	cheese	amazing			i ' ve now order take out a couple of times from here and guess what ? they will send you coupons if you order online ! what ? ! btw , the indo mac and cheese is amazing .
2			place	awesome			awesome place for buying used bikes
1			notch	top	food	impeccable	course	main	f	multiple	restaurant	cheap no	ups	bad	it	cold	restaurant	favorite	table	wrong	dressing	wrong	food	excellent	service	bad			this has always been our favorite restaurant for celebrations but we ' re going to have to rethink that . this is now the 3rd time we have had either bad service or less than excellent food . nadias is not a cheap restaurant the two of us each had one cocktail , an appetizer and main course : $ 110 before tip . for that price i expect that my food will be top notch and the service impeccable . first our foie gras went to another table and sat there for quite a while before the waiter realized it had gone to the wrong table . by the time it got to our table it was stone cold . we ended up sending it back to get heated back up . then , no soup spoon we had to ask for one . then my salad had the wrong dressing on it had to send that back . on top of this we witnessed multiple f*** ups so bad that i over heard the owner chef griping at the wait staff and later , the sous chef had to go to the wait staff area garde manger kitchen to get them to pick up their dishes that had been sitting on the line . nadias used to have an edge but it seems to have dulled with time !
1			skillets	big	misconception	big	gift	great	things	many	it	cute	thing	bad			orange tree . it has it has it has so many things ! oh the things ! from hand painted sushi plates , to big ass iron chef skillets , to glass wine corks , anything you can fill your home with , they have it . and it ' s straight up cute . i think the big misconception is that orange is just for foodies and the 1 % , but these products really range from price to preference so anyone can find a great gift , splurge , or necessity for their lifestyle . only downside is that the items are a bit luxury . wait , is that a bad thing ? well , maybe only for my wallet . and if you say you ' re just going to pop in for a few minutes , be prepared to spend at least half an hour here to scratch the surface .
2			staff	helpful	product	finished	folks	great	experience	amazing			the folks here are great . haven ' t received my finished product yet , but the costumer service experience was amazing . the staff was extremely helpful in placing a custom order , and stayed late on a day when their closing time was the earliest i could get there . awesome ! ! ! i can ' t wait to get my book !
1			bar	main	bar	seperate	one	main	surprise	good	service	bad			i had never been to this bar , but some friends wanted to meet there so i did . the outside looked better than the inside and the inside once you were in was really kinda boring . need pictures on the walls or something or colors . reminded me of a banquet hall . i did not eat any food . the service was pretty bad . i was actually in a seperate bar from the main one and they was 2 bartenders . they both were good looking , but it stopped there . immediately when i got there , my friend was going to buy me a drink but instead walked to the main bar to get our drinks , because the 2 bartenders took forever to their drinks before . when i finished my second drink , the bartender asked me if i wanted another one and i replied yes . he went back to the bar and i watched him literally sitting there counting his tips ! ! it took so long 10 min ? that i walked to the main bar where the service was better and then ordered a drink . when i got back to my seat it appeared the bartender finally remembered my drink . what a good surprise ? ? i left an appropiate 25 cent tip . my whole table of 7 was thinking of the bad service . there is a alot of bars out there , not to mention ones with tvs . find another place .
2			food	great	soup	hot	soup	sour	it	worth	soup	amazing			great food ! hot & sour soup is amazing . delivery does take a little long but it ' s worth it .
1			setting	longer	experience	worst	experiences	bad			maybe it was the timing but i had the worst experience of my life and i ' ve had some pretty bad nail salon experiences . although i want to shout and shake my fist , instead i ' ll give some constructive criticism : *invest in bigger uv drier for gel nails not one that fits only 4 fingers and one that has a longer setting than 30 seconds * don ' t ' allow other customers to play their own music from their phones ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! seriously ! ! *don ' t tell people that you can accommodate their services when you obviously can ' t * where is your price list ? *invest in actual , legitimate signs that are professionally printed . not something written with a sharpie *don ' t loudly announce what someone left another technician for tip *don ' t let the employees and owner manager have their cell phone ringer on high and actually take phone calls . *don ' t have someone take their shoes off and stick their feet in a bath while you call on your cell phone while you are doing my nails to come and take care of this other customer ' s service . *don ' t let your employees perform services while their hair are in rollers *ask your customers if they want their nails shorter and what shape they want it in . *don ' t try and serve two customers at the same time i ended up refiling my own nails on one hand and then the second time she left me i had to dry my own nails under the uv and reset the timer on it every 30 seconds *don ' t file someone else ' s acrylic nails , get the acrylic dust all over your hands and arms , and then immediately pump lotion on your hand and give me a hand massage that is gritty from all of the acrylic dust from someone else ' s nails .
2			customer	individual	fit	nice	feel	wanted no	orders	big	side	floral	place	amazing			just speaking to the floral side of things , i went in today looking for a nice potted flower thing fit for a balcony as a present to my girlfriend . after reading the reviews on here , i expected this place to be amazing . when i got there , i was a bit underwhelmed by the flower selection , especially the potted in basket selection . in addition , when i walked in , i was only told by one girl tell us if you need anything as she rushed to the back , and that was the last time i saw anyone . after walking around looking for something that fit my needs for awhile , and not having anyone approach me or come out of the back to help , i ended up leaving without buying anything . i ' m not trying to be a complainer here , but when you ' re just sort of addressed out of the corner of someone ' s eye as they are running to the back to work on something , and then ignored for the next ten minutes , you don ' t feel very wanted as a customer . i understand they probably get a lot of big orders from weddings and such , but i still don ' t feel that is any reason to ignore an individual customer .
1			up	mashed	cornbread	bad			used to be quite good . sadly i could not eat more than a few bites of my spinach pesto which was made of mashed up spinach rather than basil and had no flavor . even the cornbread was bad . on the upside when i returned it uneaten they insisted on giving me some chili for free . unfortunately that wasn ' t good either but i ate it because i was starving .
1			i	willing	pasta	overcooked	coffee	great	pasta	mushy	place	favorite	food	great	doses	handed	peas	crunchy	slices	thick	flavoring	artificial	soup	little	soup	willing	i	disappointed	you	love	service	bad			i ' m really disappointed to write this update , but after several months of denial about what has become of paradiso , i ' m finally admitting that it ' s time . my experiences here have been getting progressively worse for awhile now . service is as bad as ever , which i used to be happy to overlook because the food and coffee were so great . now the soups are being over seasoned with heavy handed doses of curry powder , dill , and what tastes like artificial smoke flavoring , but ironically lack salt and pepper . the vegetables and legumes are also usually undercooked we ' re talking crunchy peas while the pasta is overcooked and mushy . their soups used to consistently wow me , but i can ' t remember the last time i had one that was even passable . sandwich fixings are being poorly cut so you end up with things like half inch thick cucumber slices and bread of wildly different sizes on either side of the sandwich . portion sizes are also shrinking to the point of ridiculousness , and the cup of soup for i believe $ 3 . 50 is becoming increasingly offensive . prices overall have gotten pretty nuts . today i spent over $ 12 on a half sandwich soup combo with which i was given very little soup , a pastry , and a bottle of water that they didn ' t actually ever give me . it was pretty much the nail in the coffin for my paradiso lunch habit . paradiso , please take note ! you were once my favorite place for lunch and had soup so good i was willing to wait forever to get it . please get your act together so i can love you again !
2			flights	timely no	lane	fast	plane	ready no	flight	late	hotel	recommend	we	late	our	connecting	odds	promising	airline	incompetent	hotel	awesome			on standby with nothing better to do but vent my frustrations about an airline that is completely incompetent ! to start , my ticket did not have my tsa precheck on it despite having called and spoken to the us airways rep on the phone the day prior . my husband had his number , but not mine . so much for my efforts to call and make sure that was taking care of . doesnt help if only one of us has pre check . a journey from oakland to san antonio took nine hours because both of our flights were delayed . i was accepting because the afternoon flights are not always timely . i forgave and forgot . however . for our 8 : 45 flight , we woke up early to be on time . it was still dark as we left our san antonio hotel which , was awesome . highly recommend the mokara hotel in san antonio . again , my tsa precheck is not on my ticket but after 15 minutes of confusion , the us airways rep finally enabled that . fast lane at security so i can go hurry and wait ar the gate . then , waiting . and more waiting . for an 8 : 45 am flight , our odds were more promising . not so . for some reason , the plane was not ready until 15 minutes after our flight was supposed to leave . once boarded , another 45 minutes goes by with an announcement from the pilot that the bags were now on the flight . really ? an hour after the flight was to leave , the first flight of the day , and the bags just got on ? ! so that was why we were an hour late ? so i registered my concern to the stewardess that if our flight was an hour late , we would miss our connecting . not much she could do she said . finally , we landed and ran to our gate mind you , we are with our six year old and get there on the nose . the gate agent said they closed the doors and we could not get on . perfect . so now my family is waiting another 3 . 5 hours to catch an alternate plane on standby . we should have been home now . i have posted to my facebook that i am forever boycotting this airline . and guess what ? my friends are commenting how they have had similar experiences and will never fly us airways ! i can only hope that we get in this flight , it is not delayed and are bags reach our destination . i may be back to edit this review so i am back to report that after arriving home finally , we discovered that both of our pieces of luggage were wet inside and out . all clothes had to be washed or dry cleaned . unbelievable .
2			dentists	many	doctor	understanding	i	nervous	experience	good	staff	understanding	it	bad no			i had a really good experience there today . i ' d never gotten a crown before and was nervous , but the staff and doctor were very understanding and actually it wasn ' t that bad . i don ' t get the feeling i ' m being upsold like so many other dentists i ' ve been to in the past , just doing what ' s needed . plus , they have massaging chairs in the waiting room . lol .
2			centerpieces	massive	bridesmaids	awesome	suggestion	kind	flowers	beautiful	centerpieces	heavenly	jodi	amazing			jodi is amazing . my bouquet was everything that i wanted , and more , and my bridesmaids were awesome too . in addition to bouquets and boutonnieres , she made seat placements for my mom , grandma , my husbands grandma , grandpa and ta ta as they were ill or had passed away and were , obviously , unable to attend our wedding . it was a very kind suggestion . my centerpieces were massive and were heavenly . i can ' t express my gratitude enough for the beautiful flowers ! !
2			beef	love	season	suck	pho	love	rolls	awesome			rule number 1 , do not make me choose between here , and pho tranh . da vang does things well spring rolls , and vermicelli and pho tranh does pho well . but , i love the pho here , as well . and so , if queried , i ' d tell you i like both da vang and pho tranh very much . this is a hole in the wall . don ' t go , and then complain that it ' s a hole in the wall . you ' ve read the reviews , and decided to go , and so it is ; still , yes still , a hole in the wall . getting your water refilled sometimes requires you to get up and almost get it yourself . tapping on the glass with a nearby chopstick works too , if you ' re feeling rude , as i have once or twice . my 3 stand bys are the 37b , vermicelli with bbq pork and i get the shrimp whole . ground shrimp , no thanks . i love the lemon grass beef , and the pho . the spring rolls are awesome , as well . flu season would have really really sucked without the pho from da vang . in conclusion , the service is very hit and miss . get you own water , if necessary . the food is 4 star , in my opinion . and that makes up for the iffy service .
1			gems	great	floater	disgusting	service	great	waitress	sweet	experience	nice no	waitress	nice	it	odd	reviews	bad			i really hate giving bad reviews but between the disgusting floater in the restroom , the view of a bum outside my window , and the food that seemed to all come out of a can or a package , there was no getting around giving a 2 star review . i ' m all about checking out hole in the walls and mom n pops shops , you can find some great gems out there , but this not one of them . it ' s also odd that you think your going o eat a country breakfast , and you see egg rolls on the menu . i will however , give props to our sweet waitress who was very nice and gave great service . : other than that the experience was not so nice
1			me	sick	pizza	worst			i tried it for the first time it ' s the worst pizza ever it make me sick i ' ll never go back there !
1			food	mediocre	service	horrible			horrible service , mediocre food . when you have to flag down the waitresses to get a drink 10 minutes after you are seated , then flag another one down to get chips . then you are not done eating and they clean around you and bring the bill right after . then they sit right there and wait for you to sign your bill , you gotta be kidding me ! ! never again ! !
1			price	full	one	free	it	worth	service	horrible			i would rate it 3 stars , but the service was horrible . my buddy and i went for pick up and he had an entertainment book coupon which was a buy one get one free . the guy working the counter wouldn ' t honor the coupon . he kept saying that they were running a special that was a better deal than the coupon . a line starting forming and we just paid the full price to avoid the hassle . granted , if you are expecting to pay full price , it may be worth it . if you have a coupon , don ' t even think about it .
2			chiro	great	results	awesome			i was sent here by my husband . great chiro , would absolutely recommend . easy to make appointments , and awesome results . treatments have significantly helped me .
1			flavor	funny	tacos	soft	meat	tasteless	food	tasting	food	horrible	burrito	shredded	meal	bad	food	bad			it was the most horrible mexican food i have ever put a fork to . i asked for a shredded beef burrito and my wife ask for 2 soft tacos , 1 chicken 1 beef . when i dug into my burrito , no meat just all tasteless dried , re fried beans . tasteless . then my wife said her taco ' s where bland and had a funny flavor . the meal was pretty bad . save your money and go the chipolti mexican grill and get better tasting food and a better deal . fajitas is just plain bad food .
2			it	love	it	good	queso	overpriced	tortillas	handmade	tortillas	love	queso	awesome			love the handmade tortillas ! so scrumptious . the queso is awesome , but severely overpriced $ 4 ? come on . usually always get the shrimp fajitas to share ; only tried a menu item once , and it was good . love it here ; just not a fan of walking out smelling like grilled onions .
2			tortillas	fresh	cream	sour	fajitas	amazing			come hungry ! ! ! the veggie fajitas are amazing ! ! ! : onions , red & green peppers , black olives , zucchini , cheese & pico + sour cream . awesome ! tortillas are fresh and i can ' t wait to go back ! ! !
2			burgers	awesome			awesome burgers .
2			haircut	professional	beard	love	place	awesome	trim	amazing	lady	little	looks	amazing			this place is awesome . i called ahead and said i needed a professional haircut and a beard trim . i explained i didn ' t want to lose too much length , as i love my beard , but understand that some was necessary . the little asian lady gave me an amazing trim . lost almost no beard length , but looks extremely amazing . easily a sixty dollar haircut and beard trim . but it ' s only a third that . i ' m not even going to try any other barbers in the area . extremely happy with the results and price .
2			server	best	flavor	great	place	new	platter	love	service	great	plate	good	everything	like	chili	mild	flavor	awesome			decided to try a new place , so we came here . we ' re seated and waited on quickly . ordered two patron margaritas and cheesy crisp with green chile . salsa and chile very mild but not bad . i ordered burro favorito carnitas red enchilada style . my wife had combo platter . besides the mild chili it was awesome great flavor and good size plate . my wife loved the combo platter and these bite size what i can only explain as a ball were great tasting had oozing cheese and pieces of green chili fried in a crust . and our server patrick was the best server we have had at any restaurant we have been to . friendly , attentive , and alway made sure we liked everything and that we were doing good . so if you come here you might want to look for this guy . great customer service .
1			serving	medium	serving	large	drive	extended	fries	weak	mcdonald	closest	mcdonald	safe	container	large	mcdonald	worst			i really don ' t understand this mcdonald ' s this is the closest mcdonald ' s to my house without having to get out of my car at walmart but let me tell you ! ! probably one of the worst mcdonald ' s i ' ve ever been to as far as customer service and overall service . . they ' re never on time , my fries are always weak and if i order a large they never give me a large serving . . always a medium serving in a large container its safe to say i ' ll be using the walmart mcdonald ' s or take the extended drive to another location . .
1			it	plain	i	friendly	place	great	quality	poor	i	nice	buffet	pathetic	restaurant	worst	eggroll	worst			i really hate to do this . this restaurant is fit for those that think taco bell is a great place for mexican food . the buffet was pathetic and contained maybe 12 items no white rice . my sampling of their offerings ranged from terrible to mediocre . china garden has , hands down , the worst eggroll i ' ve eaten . given the atmosphere of the place it was plain to see china garden had regulars . one guy at the cashier even commented that he ' d been coming since 1970 . i don ' t get it . this is the worst restaurant i have ever dined at . the staff and whom i presumed to be the owner manager was nice and friendly but that cannot make up for the poor quality of selection and food .
2			sauce	superb	notch	top	food	excellent	pizza	amazing			excellent food ! have been here many times over the years both dine in and take out , and it is always excellent food . amazing pizza and wings . their teriyaki sauce is superb . top notch . will be a customer for years to come .
1			person	worst	day	bad	week	worst			we ' re weekly shoppers here and this week was the worst so far ! they were out of the frys 18 pack eggs with no one in the freezer to help . all the the time we ' re hearing intercom calls for help at the cashiers . we get ready to check out and they ' re backed up big times ! another intercom call for help but no one comes . finally get through only to have richard the worst bag person i ' ve ever seen . he spent more time looking at his watch than paying attention to how he was bagging our groceries ! i ' m hoping they were just having a bad day ! ! !
1			pork	disappointing	n	hot	soup	sour	tolerance	high	part	generous	food	salty	it	sour	service	friendly	i	convinced	which	like	mu	rolled	run	steep	atmosphere	lit no	soup	ok	ride	smooth	rolls	bad no	beef	disappointing	comedy	bad	review	bad			the one thing that cannot be disputed about lim ' s a well established restaurant in the west valley is that the service is very friendly . okay : that was the generous part of this review . buckle your seatbelt : this isn ' t going to be a smooth ride . once again , my theorem about yelp has been confirmed : the more stars a restaurant has , the more you should avoid it . i ' m convinced that every prisoner released from sheriff joe ' s tent city is promised a $ 20 bill for their first night ' s meal in freedom , provided they write a review on yelp . how else can one explain the 4 and 5 stars for this place ? certainly , it couldn ' t be for the fluorescent lit diner atmosphere and it certainly couldn ' t be for the food could it ? ! ? the hot n sour soup was okay . my partner thought it too sour . hello ! the sour isn ' t in the name to make it sound pretty . i didn ' t think it too sour at all and they certainly don ' t skimp on ingredients : the soup is loaded . from there , however , it started going downhill faster than a snowball down the side of a steep ski run . the egg rolls , too , weren ' t bad a bit greasy , but filled almost exclusively with cabbage , which i like . but the two dishes specifically mentioned in reviews here the devil beef and the mu shu pork were as disappointing as a visit to the u . s . senate . unfortunately , the quality of the food matched the senate ' s performance , too . even before i could open my mouth , my other half said what i was thinking when they brought the beef out : my god ! it looks like someone ' s already eaten it ! mushy , grey , and in spite of the jalapenos in it , bland . sort of like senator john mccain , except it wasn ' t demanding we go to war in syria . and while it is advertised in the menu , chinese food with jalapenos ? ! ? chinese mexican fusion ? ! ? ! the mu shu pork was something i ' d never seen before in the many years i ' ve eaten chinese : pre rolled mu shu . usually , they bring you the wrapping and the filling is on the side and you make it yourself . not here : they do it for you . that by itself might have been acceptable to all but the mu shu pork fanatic . but what wasn ' t acceptable was the salt level in the food . unless you have a high tolerance for salty food , prepare to have lots of water nearby and watch your blood pressure go into the 150s over 110 ! service was fast , but almost like something out of a bad comedy about chinese restaurants : everything was brought at once , regardless of how close you were to finishing the previous course . the only thing they didn ' t do was observe you from a distance and wait for you to finish eating . it pains me to give a bad review to a restaurant , which is obviously trying to please its customers . in this case , however , i ' m afraid the review is fully justified . i don ' t know who the people are on here , who think this is quality food . i can only say to that one person , for example , who said he she wishes this place was closer so he she didn ' t have to drive all the way here : keep driving ! i rarely leave food on my plate and , when i do , i always ask for a doggie bag to take the leftovers home . in this case , i left food on the plate and almost shouted no too enthusiastically when i was asked if i needed a box to take the remainder home . oh god in heaven : no ! ! ! ! !
2			chicken	amazing	wings	amazing	soup	amazing			the lemon chicken is amazing the orange chicken is amazing the egg drop soup is amazing the wings are amazing . .
1			cappuccino	cold	service	horrible			horrible service . waited 15 minutes before i had to go to the host and tell them we need a server . then i waited another 15 for a cappuccino that was cold when ordered hot . waitress disappears again and does not check on us . another 20 minutes go by and best believe i have talked to the manager and leaving because of their horrible service . not to mention that is not even busy ! i had to choose 1 star otherwise , i couldn ' t post this review ! this location deserves zero stars !
1			moment	suck	service	bad			as writing this still stuck in the drive thru . been here for about 15 waiting & still haven ' t gotten my food . only taking cash at the moment which sucks ! ! ! really bad service
2			food	authentic	food	delicious	food	amazing			amazing food and value authentic and delicious . very nice and hard working host we didn ' t mind the wait as this lady works real hard .
1			dude	lazy	dive	real	bouncer	serious	chip	free	neighborhood	friendly	everything	charming	ass	cheap	traits	worst			if it ' s not divey enough to be a real dive then everything that would be charming about a dive just becomes nasty or stupid or annoying . combine that with all the worst traits of a ' nite club ' style bar and we find metro sportz bar . a place that has an appearance as decently presentable as this is simply not allowed to pull the crap of cash only and then point you to their privately owned and highly fee ' d atm against the wall . and trying to be that cheap ass while selling macrobrews at macro prices ! seemingly serious bouncer presence checking id ' s and such , and yet when a tweaker walks in wearing pajamas and carrying a chihuahua , security dude ' s too lazy to get up from his stool and plate of fruit to do anything about it , but he did make sure to verbally complain about it to anyone in earshot , from the time puppytweaker showed up until about 5 minutes after he was long gone . i think i ' ll end up back in here eventually , and then i ' ll know if another server crew might bring more of the friendly neighborhood divey feel this place wishes it had . in the meantime i ' ve got plenty of other places to play free chip tourney poker .
1			service	terrible	tone	rude	i	curious	service	horrible			horrible customer service ! my friend and i were there not too long ago to grab a few things . looking for a fuse we ran into an employee asking if they had one laying around he replied no , we don ' t carry that rude tone . i was also curious about another product but he straight up walked off . customer service is terrible . definitely need better employees or atleast teach em to talk to people .
1			processor	bad			bought 2 motherboards this morning , ram & a core processor both mobos were bad ! their own techs could not get them to work ! ! ! i didn ' t even leave the store ! took 2 + hours and left feeling very bad for the next guy cuz i saw them return the items to the floor for sale after they had tested them and failed them ! ! !
1			they	cheap	damage	dirty	customer	worst			worst customer service ever ! ! ! ! tweaked out employees , the stuff their selling is always badly damage , dirty , food stuck to toys car seats an shoes , no help and not friendly at all ! ! plus they are so cheap when buying your stuff and if there ' s stuff they want they pay you even less ! ! ! i will make the drive to surprise ! ! !
1			macdonalds	worst	imaginable	worst			does one have to give 1 star ? this is the worst macdonalds in the valley . avoid it if you can . worst management & staff imaginable and all follows from that .
1			burger	ok	condiments	many	place	horrible			i agree with two of the other reviewers this place is horrible . we ordered fish and shrimp combo . it was over deep fried and crispy almost brick like . i had never seen shrimp so over breaded and cooked that you don ' t recognize it as shrimp underneath . the monster burger was ok , nothing special but piled on with so many condiments that i was not asked if i wanted that is was dripping like liquid . and you have to pay extra for the sauces ! ! ! what ?
1			table	ready	we	hungry	gem	called	chips	given	look	dirty	look	nasty	service	terrible	reviews	bad			let me first say that if i was able to give zero stars i would for this restaurant . apparently , they do not read their reviews , as if they did maybe things would change maybe ! my husband and i decided to try el charro out for the first time on saturday , we were very much looking forward to trying this so called mesa gem since it is very close to our home . upon entering the building we were greeted by the hostess , she told us it would be about a 10 minute wait , and if we wanted , we could go in the lounge for drinks & they would come get us when our table was ready . we proceeded to the lounge and after a couple minutes the bartender came and took our order . she asked us if we would like chips & salsa while we waited and we told her that would be great , well she never brought them . several minutes later she finally came back to check on us , and i asked her if the hostess would come and get us back here and she assured us they would , she then let us know that we could just eat in the lounge so we didn ' t have to wait on a table , we decided that would be great since we were very hungry , and she said i will get you some menus since it was taking forever for her to grab a couple menus i decided to go to the front and see how long it was until we got our table since we had already been waiting over 20 minutes . when i asked , they said we called you at 6 : 51 and you didn ' t answer i politely told them that we were in the lounge and were assured that someone would come get us when our table was ready , the hostess apologized and said she will work on getting us a table right away . i went back to the lounge and sat back down , three other patrons came in , were seated , given chips and salsa right away , and drinks were being poured all the while we sat with no service ! the bartender finally came back after 10 minutes of ignoring us and asked so , do you want to eat in here ? , we said we told you 10 minutes ago that we wanted to eat in here and you went to get menus and never came back , so no , we have decided to leave since we are getting terrible service , she looked at us , gave a nasty dirty look and walked off . needless to say , we will never return to this place . how it has been in business for over 34 years is beyond me . never in my life have i ever been treated so poorly at a restaurant . i truly hope that this review helps others in their decision , don ' t be like us and give them the benefit of the doubt despite quite a few bad reviews .
1			food	bad			very bad food !
2			mechanic	great	problem	expensive	thermostat	fine	service	amazing			finally ! ! ! i found my mechanic here . it ' s taken two years to find a great mechanic . chad is the kind of mechanic you dream of . i ' m not kidding . honest and reliable . when diagnosing your car he starts with the least expensive problem and systematically eliminates whatever could be wrong . my car was overheating and i was told by several auto repair shops that it was a head gasket and quoted prices ranging from $ 700 $ 2700 to fix it and a lot of those shops are listed on yelp with 5 star reviews ! chad did a compression test first and then checked the thermostat which was fine . then he checked the water pump which ended up being the issue . absolutely amazing service from everyone in this shop . also took me home while it was being repaired and picked me up when it was finished . it ' s such a relief knowing that i can count on chad to do the job right next time anything else comes up with my car .
1			name	bad			the staff here were vultures . they kept sending different people after me to try to talk me into something i wasn ' t asking for and didn ' t want . i wouldn ' t even consider going back . people like that need to find different jobs because they are giving dealerships and car brands a bad name .
2			i	biased	folk	talented	show	amazing			i might be a bit biased since i ' ve known the barleen family for many years , however , this show is amazing ! very talented folk !
1			bulgoli	dry	i	regular	it	ridiculous	pork	full	owner	old	food	good	pork	spicy	service	bad			definitely the last time i come here . i used to be a regular but now the customer service is so bad it ' s ridiculous . and ever since richard the old owner left , the service only gotten worst and the food quality itself dropped . spicy pork is full of fat . the bulgoli is dry and livery tasting . if the food was good and the service is bad , i would still man it out and come here but now that both is horrible , no reason in coming back . after 5 years it ' s time to say goodbye .
1			food	good	food	fresh	seating	love	experience	bad			we always love the patio seating . the food is always fresh and good . never had a bad experience with the staff or food at all . we come every now then for lunch .
1			chicken	love	i	angry	service	horrible			i love their chicken , that ' s why i ' ll give them a star . horrible service . i waited for about 45 minutes until i was helped in the drive through . there were only five cars and i had to wait around 20 minutes to finally get my order taken and some girl said , give me a sec and i said that ' s fine . 20 minutes later again , i waited , there was no cars in front of me . i was so angry i just drove to their window and finally they took my order . can ' t believe how rude they were . she didn ' t even say sorry and that ' s all i wanted was an apology . best believe , i will never be coming back .
1			service	horrible			horrible customer service at this location . i ' ve lost track of how many times i get home , only to find that i don ' t have all my purchases . i will go out of my way to avoid this store .
1			food	ok	waitress	horrible			food was ok . . waitress was horrible
1			product	superior	service	horrible			customer service totally horrible . while the food is , let ' s say , ok not the best despite the price that implies a superior product the manager is coming directly from hell . watch your credit card statement as mine was just double the amount of the meal and the merchant refuses to accept that there is a problem with it . 100 % tip ? not on my receipt which i thankfully i kept . thank you for the credit card protection mechanism against these vultures . should send the mystery diners team there . .
1			favorite	personal	chicken	good	chicken	spicy	enchiladas	good	beans	great	soda	horrible			my personal favorite for mexican food . consider giving this a four star as the soda here is horrible at best . the beans are great as is the rice . i love the enchiladas and the spicy chicken is also very good .
1			it	loud	feel	comfortable no	reviews	good	day	cold	food	great no	i	glad	breakfast	nice	it	right no	reviews	bad			after reading the reviews , both good and bad ; i decide to take the chance and take the fam there to enjoy a nice saturday morning breakfast . well , we arrived late and ended up having lunch . we waited about 15 minutes to be seated . we were seated outside on a semi enclosed patio . that day was very windy and cold . it was also very loud . . after waiting 30 minutes , we finally got our food . the description on the menu for my husbands sandwich said piled high what he got was totally different . . maybe one slice of turkey was in his sandwich . the food was not that great . . got the check and when to the counter to pay , i asked the owner to itemize the bill . i didn ' t feel comfortable paying just the total written on the bottom of the check . well , what do you know ! ! ! there was a mistake . . not only is he charging people a different amount then what his menu reads , but he is also taxing every item . . you are supposed to tax the whole amount after everything is rung up . . not each item . . gheesh ! after arguing with him and creating a rucus in the restuarant ; i was very glad to leave . . no apology was ever given and we will not be returning . . i will be contacting the airport to advise of them of the tax fraud going on there , as well . usually i don ' t care about a few cents , but if he does that with everyone , it equals out to thousands of dollars a year . . it ' s ethically not right what a cheat ! ! !
2			's	best	they	good	service	quick	service	personal	fan	huge	we	amazing			wow ! wow ! wow ! why have we not been to this place before ? everything and i mean everything we had was amazing . the service was quick and personal . i am a huge eggs benedict fan and their ' s is the best i have ever had , hands down ! bloody mary ' s yum ! hubby had the cornbread rancheros and didn ' t talk the until they were gone . so they must have been good ! can ' t wait to get back here !
1			place	dirty	spots	fun	seems	filthy	smell	bad			maybe i haven ' t been to dos gringos in a while , or maybe this location is just grosser than the tempe location , but this place is dirty ! the bathroom has a bad smell coming from it and everything just seems kinda filthy . i would never ever order food from here , if their bar area is this dirty i can only imagine how gross the kitchen is i ' m not really sure why people would hang out here when there are plenty of nicer and more fun spots in scottsdale .
2			restaurant	dedicated no	cuisines	lean	rice	hard	cuisines	sad	looked	amazing			i really should know better by now if it ' s not a dedicated sushi restaurant . . don ' t order sushi ! ! it ' s like ordering fish at a burger place ! sushi looked amazing but the rice on their rolls was a bit hard . needless to say i didn ' t finish the meal otherwise i would have hurled ! i also had their pot stickers which again i did not enjoy . sad to say but lean cuisines have better potstickers ! lastly but not least , their brownie desert was meh . perhaps had i ordered a different entree i would have had a better experience .
2			areas	awesome	tub	hot	section	main	bar	hot	town	old	it	right	lobby	nice	tub	awesome	price	right	water	full	pool	awesome			as far as hgi ' s go , this one rocks ! not the newest , but very well updated . the lobby is nice and they have a full time water station fruit waters and a full time hot chocolate bar ! outdoor pool , hot tub and fire pit areas are awesome . they ' ve upgraded me twice to suites , it ' s right across from the main section of old town and the price is right ! all things considered , this is one heck of an hgi !
1			weather	fair	spot	favorite	im	consistent no	mushroom	wild	service	ok	place	great	bloke	poor	meal	bad			definitely for the ladies ! ! sorry guys but on occassion you will see a poor bloke dragged along by his other half ! ! i probably frequent arcadia farms once a quarter and i have never had a bad meal while the service can be inconsistent im ok in building my anticipation for the meal ! ! . and the reward is a blessing . the back patio in fair weather is my favorite spot with the sun playing peek a boo . i think that i have tried every salad on their menu my fav being the strawberry chicken salad but you have got to try the wild mushroom , spinach & goat cheese tart . salivating now a great place to catch up with the girls 0
1			experience	awful	review	bad			if i could give this place 0 stars , i would . i actually joined yelp expressly to write this bad review . my friends and i were there for a concert on a tuesday night . concert was supposed to start at 8 . at 10 . 15 , the headlining band still hadn ' t started playing , but the roof *had* started leaking . we decided to leave , but before we left we tried to talk to the management to express our disappointment and frustration . they were entirely unsympathetic , however . the whole experience was awful . i will never come back here , no matter how much i might want to see the band , and i will actively recommend that friends don ' t come here either .
1			day	bad	ratings	bad	that	like no	dentist	horrible			horrible dentist ! my first visit so i filled out forms , which i hate , and i put a line through all the no ' s on oart of the health section . well he didn ' t like that and came out smacking his gum and asked if i was having a bad day i said no why ? he says i must be by the way i filled out the form so i said not at all are you ? bottom line he continued to harp on it and i said forget this and left ! seriously ? no wonder he has bad ratings ! what a jerk ! ! ! 1 review that is not currently recommended
1			food	worst	beans	worst			avoid it at all costs ! the worst mexican food i ' ve ever had . i even ate there another time to give it another chance everyone at work raves about it ! and still found it disgusting . the beans are the worst that i ' ve ever had you can taste the lard ! .
1			nachos	bad			i really don ' t understand the difference between los olivos and taco bell except that , 1 . taco bell doesn ' t charge 15 $ for a plate of bad nachos , and , 2 . at least when they ignore me at taco bell i can honk my horn . either way , you ' re better off at chipotle .
2			lettuce	chopped	salmon	chopped	bread	crunchy	bottle	expensive no	meal	interesting	salmon	smoked	salad	chopped	raisins	little	list	incredible	plates	small	dish	amazing	dish	interesting	drink	based	meatball	wild	explosion	amazing	drink	refreshing	combination	tasty	pork	fatty	meatballs	wild	raisins	sweet	dish	favorite	deal	great	bread	sweet	we	full	addition	great	mixologist	amazing	must	absolute	it	late	dressing	amazing	combinations	interesting	bread	toasted	meal	great	items	interesting	menu	small	start	great	ingredients	fresh	belly	salty	looked	amazing			what a great and interesting meal ! in town for business and looking at cc ' s menu , i was intrigued when i saw wild boar meatballs . starting with drinks , they have an amazing mixologist behind the bar . i went for a drink called viva based on the waitress ' recommendation . this was a very refreshing , strawberry based drink with different herbs and fresh ingredients . they also have an incredible wine list ranging from an inexpensive bottle up to $ 1500 + bottle of vintage . we decided on the small plates menu as it was late and also there were a great deal of interesting items in this area . the thing that impresses me so about this restaurant is the interesting combinations the chef brings together . to start . the stetson chopped salad is an absolute must ! the waitress brings out this perfectly arranged aligned plate of chopped lettuce , chopped smoked salmon , trail mix , cous cous , and corn . she mixed this all up with their amazing dressing and served the two portions . it was an amazing explosion of different tastes and textures ranging from smoky salmon to sweet little raisins from the trail mix . i could eat this every day ! for small plates ; we went with the burrata with avocado and olive oil which was a very tasty combination and a great start . from there we went with the wild boar meatball which was although this was what brought me here , it was my least favorite dish . next we had the most amazing and interesting dish of the night , pork belly served on a toasted pumpkin bread . this was absolutely amazing ! the salty and fatty pork belly was so perfectly matched with the sweet crunchy pumpkin bread . i cant stress enough how amazing this was ! our last plate was the tiger shrimp with corn and bacon . the shrimp was perfectly grilled , the corn mixed with bacon was a great addition to the dish . we were to full for dessert however all looked amazing including a dish that had ice cream made with duck fat . cmon , really ! a must next time i ' m in scottsdale again or maybe this is the reason to come to scottsdale .
2			meters	damn	drinks	great	feel	welcome	staff	awesome	nothing	bad	delight	absolute	atmosphere	great	i	skinny	it	affordable	guy	big	price	great no	off	awesome			great atmosphere , staff and food . the skinny i am not much of a big thai food guy but every now and then i get a taste for the peanut chicken from here and drive all the way from the west valley . the price is not great but it is affordable i also just saw a 20 % off with check in on yelp awesome . i have had a few drinks rum and coke great mix more liquor than soda which i appreciate . the staff is awesome i usually speak with kris and the team and they always make my visit great and my check out quick as i ' m always in a hurry damn meters : . i have met the owner diedra a few times and she is an absolute delight she makes u feel welcome like you have been coming here for years . i can ' t compliment this place enough for the staff and food i think i will have the tamarind chicken here very soon . the bad nothing . the parking in scottsdale is a joke on weekends but if your from here you know that already . overall this place deserves a visit especially with the check in special . the staff and good will sell you i ' m sure of this .
1			sandwich	worst			if i could drop a zero spot here , i would . this . place . is . awful . i had never been to one before now , and i absolutely will not go back . for those who enjoy three times the amount of mayonnaise as meat in a sando , this is the place for you . assembly line sandwich at it ' s worst .
1			options	local	park	lame	food	ok	feature	fake	seemed	nice	menu	inspired no	options	authentic	options	good	we	thrilled	park	local	way	bad			i should have know the moment i saw the logo but i have a fondness for bats . i definitely should have known when i walked in the front door and saw the fake water feature straight out of a lame local amusement park . my girlfriend is a vegertarian and it ' s a one star kind of place for being so unfriendly toward veggies but the menu was uninspired and the decor was mind blowing in a bad way . we ordered two beers , judged a bit the folks seemed very nice and the food might be ok , and left as it ' s not was the reviews led me to believe . it ' s a chain waiting to happen in a town with plenty of good local and authentic food options ; we were absolutely thrilled with our 2nd choice of los sombreros 5 stars !
2			server	attentive no	periods	extended	busser	amazing			so came here for a friends birthday . yes we were a larger party 15 people however we had called ahead and told server ahead of time for the check splitting . the server was not attentive . we sat for extended periods without drinks . our water glasses were filled though because the busser was amazing . half the table waited for almost 40 mins to get the checks and to pay and there was still confusion about who ' s check was who ' s . will think again before coming here . over 3 hours for a dinner . . no thank you .
1			manager	apologetic no	experience	horrible			we had a party of 6 . five out of six steaks had issues with one served raw . horrible experience . the manager was not apologetic at all . very disappointed .
1			selection	great	meal	bad			i have never had a bad meal at uncle sal ' s . this is the type of italian place that has you unbuttoning your pants at the end of your meal and taking left overs home ! great wine selection too !
2			restauarant	busy	service	shocking	place	authentic	garbage	overcooked	location	great	garbage	absolute	attitude	shocking	restaurant	amazing			i realize that management is trying to keep the place as authentic as possible , there is a recurring theme in these reviews and eventually people will stop coming here , you have a great location and once upon a time an amazing restaurant . the service and attitude of all staff is shocking , from the minute you arrive you feel like you are inconveniencing them . you have a busy restauarant , if you do not have the kitchen capacity , do something about it , when you have a family with a baby , i would have preferred you told me to leave rather than seating me and making us wait for an hour for our food . and when it arrives you mess up the order and tell us that we can either eat what you put in front of us or wait another 20 minutes for the food we ordered . and to top it off the food was cold , meat overcooked absolute garbage . is there any management on staff ? i never saw one and if there are they don ' t give a crap about their customers .
1			fajitas	worst			stopped in yesterday for lunch . 1st time there . chips and salsa fantastic but thats where the postives stopped . proabably the worst chicken fajitas i have ever had . chicken tasted parboiled . very , very bland . my lunch guest ordered a chicken tostada and had the same complaint . service was a 4 on a scale of 1 to 10 as well .
1			restaurant	dirty	manager	new	service	horrible			i hadn ' t been here in about 6 months . since then they got a new manager . the restaurant was dirty , the service was horrible and the food quality was significantly lower than my last visit . i won ' t be back until there is another change of management .
1			service	bad			let me tell you something ; the service in this place is so bad i just walked out . enough said .
1			trip	worth no	song	mid	deal	big	words	bad	place	low	event	elite	experiences	bad			grapevine loses a star for censorship ! a few of us hit them up after the elite event tonight and they cut my song off because it had the f word in it . really ? stopped it mid song and asked me to pick another one . but then richard z was allowed to sing i want your sex , which is waaayyy dirtier and he did a fab job btw , and he didn ' t get cut off . what ' s the deal ? if you don ' t want songs with bad words to be sung , then take them out of your songbook . don ' t make a big deal about it and make me seem like a jerk because the song writer likes to drop the f bomb . don ' t bother with this place for karaoke . 2 bad experiences makes this place low on my list and not worth the trip .
1			place	best	songs	numerous	place	dead	place	horrible			horrible place to karaoke and food . . don ' t waste your time . . i am from nashville tn and you don ' t treat people like this you do not put numerous songs into sing and in a 3 hr period you get to sing 2 songs . period . . when the place is dead . . oh and he asks for tips ? ? lol tips for what . . lame the place was not packed and was suppose to be the best karaoke place in phoenix per the new times . what a joke . the guy who is the hostess was asked an hour into his kareoke why he wasn ' t putting in the songs . and he lied stating we were entered no we weren ' t . . another 90 mins and nothing . . don ' t believed the new times and it ' s reviews by the time we left after 3 hours the places was dead . no fun . you may have a better chance of singing if you show up with a tambourine so you can play with the harmonica playing karaoke host with his washboard as his second instrument . hillbilly bong a bong bong spend your time and $ $ elsewhere .
2			place	favorite	atmosphere	great	staff	awesome			my favorite coffee place . the staff are awesome and the atmosphere is great too ! free wi fi , lots of places to sit and great drinks ! !
1			i	willing	day	long	service	pleased	thing	right	it	ok	i	pleased	they	busy	network	large	them	recommend no	news	bad			i have used bridewell once before and was pleased with the service . lived in scottsdale at the time now live in gilbert . pleased with the service i was willing to make the drive from gilbert to scottsdale and before doing so i called to ensure i could be accommodated and communicated that i was coming from gilbert , reviewed the cars service needs , and that i likely would arrive at 8 : 45 . being fairly new to the valley and not having a large network , i planned to be in scottsdale for the day while my car was being serviced because i didn ' t have someone to pick me up . i loaded my computer , my bike , and my patience cap knowing it would be a long day waiting for the car but was willing to do so . i planned to take the car in on a wed but wasn ' t able to make it . by 9am i called to let them know and to confirm it would be ok to come up thurs . thurs morning i arrived at 845am as i had previously mentioned and was told they were too busy to work on the car and i ' d have to come back . i just drove 50 min from gilbert and made very proactive calls to ensure i could be accommodated . nothing was done , no shifting of other cars . i was then told it was 1st come 1st serve . why wasn ' t that mentioned when i called either time . they said well we thought you were coming yesterday . i said yes but i called . they said yeah we were swamped yesterday too . my response was if it ' s a 1st come 1st serve method i would have been out of luck then too and i specifically mentioned twice i was coming from gilbert and would arrive at 845 . they don ' t start working on cars until 8am . they suggested i leave the car but couldn ' t guarantee anything would be done . really ? i ' m going to possibly waste a day in hopes the car gets serviced ? i took time from work was very proactive in planning and am so tired of companies not giving a hoot . the right thing in my mind would have been for them to keep their word to me and break the bad news to another individual because they didn ' t plan on their end . i did more than enough to plan on my end and that they could accommodate it . i don ' t recommend them because they made no realistic attempt to right the wrong . wasted 2 hrs in drive time , gas money . my loyalty to them meant nothing .
2			staff	amazing	salad	amazing	one	clean	joe	love	moods	good	joes	amazing			i love this trader joe ! first , all trader joes are amazing with their prices . $ 3 for an amazing greek salad ? sold ! this one however is always clean and has exceptionality amazing staff who are always happy and in a good moods , and who are always willing to help !
2			look	unique	party	bridal	you	beautiful	occasion	special	she	quick	i	impressed	lalli	recommend	look	amazing			i would highly recommend angela lalli to make you beautiful for any special occasion ! i hired angela to do hair for my november wedding in san diego . not only did she do exactly what i wanted , she also made my entire bridal party 5 girls and my mother look amazing . i was extremely happy with the outcome of my hair and was truly impressed how she made each girl look unique , yet beautiful while keeping in mind their personality and style . also she was quick ! ! ! i could not have been happier and will definitely hire her again in the future . thanks angela !
2			job	dry	job	awesome			i have been to tangles many times and alicia does an awesome job with a shampoo blow dry for me . she ' s a doll !
2			beers	great	place	best	pizza	good	selection	amazing			best place for beer in the phoenix area , hands down ! great craft beers on tap and amazing selection of bottles for breweries around the us . make your own 6 pack and bring it home if you want . the buffalo chicken pizza is also really good .
2			vibes	bad	barbara	amazing			this place has nothing that interests me , and bad ' vibes ' to boot . the only thing worth going here for was the amazing psychic , barbara who got fired . who knows why . i heard the owner is constantly firing psychics if they are not obedient enough . the owner of this was the owner of the psychic eyes in ca , hence the similarities .
2			thing	good	mein	good	flops	flip	point	average	mustard	hot	point	impressed	menu	limited	service	great	it	overpriced	place	recommend	we	hungry no	range	wide	i	excited	selection	nice	it	bad no			i recently moved to the valley and was excited to spend my first christmas with friends and flip flops . for lunch , we went to jasmine tokyo . it . was . awesome ! they had a wide range of sushi and a nice selection on the buffet . it was overpriced , but it was christmas . we left there to meet our friend jim for snacks and cocktails . he wanted to do an early dinner . he made reservations here . good thing place was packed ! i guess all asian places were packed on christmas . we weren ' t hungry , but had a few beers and ordered a few items on the limited menu . i read on foursquare the chow mein was good . it comes with chicken , shrimp , and pork . the chicken was the highlight of the dish . very impressed with the flavor and the price point was average . oh , and we ordered some spring rolls . the mustard is hot . you ' ve been warned . we had a great time , and the service was great . before you leave , head over to the bar and ask . it ' s not that bad . you ' ll know what i mean . i would highly recommend this place to friends and family !
1			service	wise	me	sick	you	surprised	felt	stuffy	experiences	bad	service	bad			i really recommend only coming here during happy hour . that way you can eat enough to be full without going broke . my favorites are the mango lobster roll served with kiwi wasabi sauce $ 9 and the viva las vegas roll $ 12 or $ 6hh . the service is pretty bad . i ' ve had a couple bad experiences . the ambiance in general is sometimes pretty off too . once when we went the restaurant was unusually warm and the air felt really stuffy and smelled kinda like a burp . i have no idea what was going on but it almost made me sick . very gross . several other times the music is just too loud . i understand thurs sat its more of a bar at night but when i go in on a tuesday at 6 : 00pm its a little ridiculous that the hostess and i are screaming at each other yet still can ' t hear . she even acknowledged that the music was deafening but just kinda shrugged her shoulders about it . overall this is a place i do return to every now and then even though i don ' t know why . the food is pretty good just don ' t expect anything service wise and maybe you ' ll be pleasantly surprised .
1			sushi	good	crowd	like	it	crowded	coterie	lame	it	bad			sushi is kinda like sex . or chocolate . there are varying levels of quality , but can it really be bad ? i think ra is def . meh it ' s a little spendy it ' s usually pretty crowded w a lame coterie of student yuppie douche hybrids . it ' s sushi is good but like i said , kinda hard to mess up . . . well . that ' s probably not true . i am sure if i tried to make sushi i could fuck it up royally bottom line : there are better places , and there are worse . if you like the mill ave crowd then please c ' mon down and make it rain !
1			place	good	service	horrible			horrible customer service . such a shame too , since it ' s normally a good place to goto .
1			taste	fresh no	it	bad	union	memorial	piece	chewy	combos	changing	fix	quick	taste	right no	fish	nasty	salad	bland	sushi	ok	fish	old	tomato	bad	salad	small	taste	bad	nigiri	assorted	piece	hard	it	passable no	rolls	good	tuna	spicy	tasted	old	water	dirty	salmon	bad			wow this place has gone down hill big time . used to be that the sushi was ok for a quick sushi fix but now it is barely passable as sushi not nasty old fish . i came in and ordered the sushi combo 6 assorted nigiri and a cali roll i asked to switch to a spicy tuna not the cali roll and was told there was an upcharge on the already $ 16 combo but whatever it ' s what i wanted and all the good specialty rolls were over priced . also most places charge for changing combos and it was only $ 1 so nothing to hefty . the charge did include miso soup and a small salad . it was all bad . the miso soup was way to grainy even when well stirred . the salad was bland except for the taste of bad tomato . the spicy tuna didn ' t taste anywhere near fresh or right . all the nigiri was just off on taste especially the eel which tasted like dirty water from a hose . and the salmon which was just bad . another piece was chewy and hard to get down . even the shrimp piece tasted old . i will never come back here again . what used to be a close to campus option has sadly been beat out in taste and price by the sushi to go place in the memorial union on campus . save yourself some money an bad taste and go to cafe wasabi , sake bomber or ra if you need sushi around here .
1			mind	clear no	thing	terrible	food	terrible	things	bad			i ' ve never liked going here , pretty terrible food and service . i actually know some of the people who used to work here , and they aren ' t exactly in a clear mind when they clock in . once there were gnats flying around my food , pretty off putting . i wouldn ' t go here again unless i had to . if you do like the food and get past all the bad things , try the mother load . least terrible thing on the menu they pretty much just throw everything they can into that sandwich .
2			bread	awesome	place	awesome	ranch	spicy	subs	amazing			wow , such an awesome place to eat at . the bread is awesome , the subs are amazing and the goo balls peanut butter rice crispies are to die for . there ' s a reason this is a stoner ' s paradise . tip : get the spicy ranch , i don ' t care what you put it on , get it .
1			everyone	great	shops	best	sandwich	bad			this is easily one of the best sandwich shops in arizona . i usually get the white widow , but i ' ve never had a bad sandwich . everyone here is great , as is the atmosphere .
1			review	thorough	billing	creative	reviews	bad			typically i don ' t write bad reviews but the last time i went to this restaurant , during happy hour on a friday they royally overcharged me for my appetizers and drinks . i didn ' t pay much attention at first but then did a more thorough review of my receipt and was appalled by what i found . upon speaking the restaurant they didn ' t care . considering it was happy hour prices and i walked out spending over $ 60 ; let ' s just say i won ' t be back or recommending this place to anyone . i would also encourage anyone who reads this to stay away , you are likely to face the same issues with their creative billing that i did .
1			it	old	hospital	horrible	it	dirty	it	smelly	reviews	bad			this hospital is horrible . don ' t go here . they did nothing for my daughter . i agree with the other bad reviews . it ' s old , smelly and dirty . the staff could care less about you . it ' s a revolving door .
1			luck	good	you	familiar	way	like no	luck	bad			stay away from this train wreck of a hospital , er is very unprofessional and i can ' t believe they can treat people that way . doctors don ' t have any idea what they are doing , but they will take your money and if you don ' t like the way you where treated , to bad and good luck filing a complaint or talking to any one , they are the cricket of hospitals and if you have ever had cricket and had any problems you will be familiar with the way they do things at st lukes . never again ill die first before deal with those loosers ! ! !
1			restaurant	full	tea	great	food	great	it	packed	it	love	pizza	glazed	service	good	service	bad			i have ate at this pita jugnle over 100 times . i love it , i loved it when it was a one room order at the counter spot and i love its expanded full blown restaurant . the food is great , my favorites . . baba ganoush , hummos , lavash schwarma , caribbean salad and the glazed chicken pizza . the herbal i think passion ice tea is also great . i read through many of these reviews and i can honestly say i have never had bad service here , i even frequent the place during lunch when it is packed and still have good service .
1			part	worst	server	attentive no	service	horrible	food	ready	salad	good	him	scary	way	horrible	food	ready no	review	bad			bug in my food and horrible service to boot ! ! ! i was craving a good salad so my co workers and i ordered food for pick up in advance so by the time we get there , the food would be ready . i called the restaurant to let them know that even though we ordered for pick up , we actually wanted to sit down and eat but didn ' t have much time on our lunch break . the manager gave me such a hard time about it and said that they wouldn ' t do that for us but would make an exception this one time . when we get there , the manager scolds me and says that never do this again by ordering ahead of time ! the food wasn ' t ready and came late . the server was not attentive at all . but the worst part of it was when i was semi enjoying my tuna salad , i find a bug in my food ! when i show the manager , instead of him feeling bad about it he tells me oh sorry but this happens sometimes ! what ? ! i tell him , oh well that ' s scary , it shouldn ' t happen at all , if you wash your lettuce right ! he gives me a lecture on how the restaurant business works ! thanks but no thanks , i worked in a restaurant for two years and that was never acceptable . i will never go back there again , if not for the bug in my food , but for the horrible way i was treated . i have never wrote a bad review about any restaurant , but this pita jungle definitely motivated me to write one now !
2			food	delicious	meal	disappointing	it	huge	combinations	wonderful	combination	love	spice	wonderful	beef	spicy	dishes	tasty	array	terrific			based on yelp reviews , my husband and i have been enjoying lalibela ' s delicious food for several years . we calendar in a visit every time we travel to phoenix . haven ' t had a disappointing meal . the first time we ordered the sampler platter . it was huge and provided a terrific array of their tasty vegetable and meat dishes . my current favorite is the spicy beef and chicken with a side of green beans and carrots . my husband loves the meat combination . my descriptions don ' t do the dishes justice . the spice and flavor combinations are so deliciously wonderful . wish lalibela ' s was closer to home . we would eat there all the time .
2			people	amazing	food	amazing			after spending my morning in the office i decided to explore a bit and grab a bite to eat . i stumbled upon this place and i couldnt be happier with the whole experience . amazing food and amazing people .
2			videos	accompanying	prices	average	tvs	big	deal	big no	seems	misleading	joint	bad no			not a bad joint , but the crowd tends to be too college for me . they used to have a lot more pool tables , and now calling it a cue club for two tables seems misleading . the music on weekends is usually top 40s with an emphais on hip hop , and they play accompanying videos on the big screen tvs behind the bar . i imagine this switches up to sports during the day or weekday nights . drinks prices are average . the line to get in late on fri and sat not a big deal , goes pretty quick and possibly a small cover $ 3 $ 5 .
1			they	open	attempts	multiple	service	horrible			did not answer the phone on multiple attempts . they say they ' re open on sundays from 11 : 30am to 9 : 30pm , am i missing something ? horrible customer service .
1			dog	hot	dog	great	handle	horrible			they mistreat employees , and have a horrible handle on the business . sure you serve a great hot dog , but that doesn ' t mean you can just abuse and take advantage of your workers . you ' ll never have my business again , or that of my friends and family .
1			thing	good	aisle	frozen	service	rude	temp	hot	breading	gross	food	gross	amounts	massive	breading	new	food	bad	review	bad			this location deserves a bad review so others won ' t waste their money on bad food and rude service . let ' s start with the service . the employees act like you are bothering them by coming in and wanting to place an order . last time i checked without customers a business will probably close . now on to the food review . in the last few months the quality has gone down every time we have been there . first it started with the shrimp coating being gooey like it wasn ' t cooked at a hot enough temp , then the have decided to change the breading all together . this new breading is gross . it reminds me of something i would find from a bag in the frozen food aisle . pete ' s recipe for the shrimp has been the same for many many years why change a good thing . if it ain ' t broken don ' t fix it . then the fact that they only except cash makes me wonder how much us each location reporting to the government . don ' t get me wrong if i could sell gross food to massive amounts of people for unreportable amounts of cash i would do it too . they have lost my business with this latest change in the breading on the shrimp .
1			men	rude	day	bad	it	love	husband	polite	server	rude	it	hate	margarita	worst	it	bad	i	polite	it	disgusting	feel	comfortable	it	mediocre	it	good	we	kind	drink	mixed	meal	like	looks	dirty	something	like	place	hate	meal	new	night	beautiful	beer	raspberry	feel	bad	oysters	good no	restaurant	worst			words cannot even express how much i hate this place . it ' s literally five minutes from my house in tempe and everybody and their mother loves it here . i ' ve been here four times . four chances , and they blew every single one . visit #1 : i go with a handful of girlfriends . order a margarita . worst margarita of my life , hands down . my friend also ordered one and hated it . we both had to send it back the first and only time i have ever sent a drink back . it was that bad . we told our server that we ' d like something different , but we needed a moment to decide . she rolled her eyes , took them away , and we didn ' t see her until much later , when she delivered our bill . i had no drinks that night . visit #2 : i went with my husband for lunch . ordered the crab sandwich . i took a bite and it was an effort to swallow it , it was so disgusting . now , i used to live off of eating out just about every day of the week . my husband and i are always incredibly polite to our servers and feign enjoying meals that are sub par . getting meals you don ' t like is a part of life . this , however , was inedible . for the second time ever i never send food back , i know how annoying it is for the servers and feel so bad , i had to send it back and ask for something different . our server seemed really perturbed , but did bring me the meal i ordered instead . it was mediocre at best , but i ate it without any complaint . i apologized profusely to our server and assured her that i liked the new meal , even though i didn ' t , in hopes of her mood improving . it didn ' t . visit #3 : don ' t even ask me why , but my husband and i were craving oysters and thought that we ' d give casey moore ' s oyster house another chance to impress us . not only were the oysters not good we did not complain about them this time , though , but our server was so rude that we thought we had wronged her in some way . dirty looks , only stopped by twice i believe in the hour and a half we were there , didn ' t say hello or smile once . we thought maybe we had caught her on a bad day , but the joyful smile on her face as she laughed with the table of men directly across from us quickly made us realize that this was not the case . to be clear , we did not complain about anything at any time . we were kind , polite , and didn ' t keep her from other tables . what the hell ? visit #4 tonight : i went with a girlfriend for drinks after a run . i only went because it was a beautiful night and i wanted to sit outdoors . first off , we had my friend ' s dog with us and went to the front without the dog to see if we could tie him up outside of the establishment around a tree . nobody was there so we went back to get the dog to tie him up again , outside of the place , by the sidewalk . a man promptly and rudely said , i ' m not letting you two in with that dog out there . okay . so we took the dog back to the car and left the window down for him . when we got back and found a seat , i smiled and said hello to our server when he greeted us . upon asking us what we wanted to drink , i said , there is a drink at boulder ' s bar down the street i really like and was wondering if you guys might do something similar we don ' t . he said , and just looked at us . that ' s it . i proceeded to tell him what the drink was strongbow mixed with a raspberry type beer . no , i told you we don ' t . finally after awkwardly floundering about , my friend and i settled on another drink . we did get what we ordered and it was good we both got strongbows with a shot of fireball . but seriously , dealing with two rude men tonight , plus the history i ' ve had there , makes me realize i really will never go back ever . and i mean it this time . i mean truly , i am extremely polite and go above and beyond to make people feel comfortable and happy to be serving me . i smile big , say hello , don ' t take too much of their time , don ' t whine or complain , etc . but the fact that four of my all time worst restaurant experiences were all from casey moore ' s is just too much to ignore . i hate that place and hate that i ' m the only one who feels this way .
1			auto	detailed	deal	good	condition	perfect	deal	big no	way	wrong	it	clear	review	bad			i hate to write a bad review but this place really rubbed me the wrong way , about a year ago i was looking for a 5 series bmw and they had one online , i went to check it out , and they were not exactly on the ball , they took forever to find the keys , didn ' t know much about the car ect . . which was ok , that was not a big deal . i came home and i called the owner and asked him about the car , he said it was in perfect condition and had never been in an accident and he ' s give me a good deal on it , mind you this was the owner of the dealership , i asked him about the car fax report and he said he would supply it and that it was clear ! so just to double check i ran a carfax and it came out clean , but then i ran an auto check *similar to carfax but more detailed* and found out this car had gone through the auction as a suspected salvage vehicle , mind you the car did not have a salvage title or anything so i don ' t understand what the exact issue was but obviousley there was an issue which the owner tried to hide from me , now if i would have bought this vehicle then tried to sell it a few years later i would have been screwed on resale value when this came up ! i hope euro imports does not try to do this to all its customers because sooner rather than later their reputation will be ruined worse than it already is !
1			service	bad	food	horrible			the place is a joke , the food is horrible , the service is just as bad ! save yourself some time and keep driving .
1			k.	local	flyers	many	food	spoiled	color	nice	food	warm	rice	worst			this is my second order , and by accident . i ordered from them months ago and swore never again . but it just so happened that i get so many flyers on my door that this one slipped through . first things first . i ordered pork and veg . and chicken and veg for myself as i only eat chicken fish and turkey . reason i say that is because i received chicken and veg , with shrimp and veg . guess who ' s deathly allergic to shrimp . the food was bland , dry and luke warm . the fried rice is the worst i ever tasted . salty , and dry . and not even that nice brown nutty color of fried rice , i almost thought it was spoiled food . the lady on the phone said she heard me say i wanted shrimp , that ' s a lie i ' m not suicidal and don ' t have an eppi pen . why would i order shrimp lady . also she was giggling when i asked her if she got a lot of complaints . i didn ' t check yelp before i placed my order , if i had this would all have been avoided . she offered to refund my money forty min ago . if she does i will post it later , if she doesn ' t i will go postal . i only wish i paid with a credit card so i could dispute this , and not worry about a refund . it if you ' re thinking about placing an order , don ' t waste your money . it would be better spent on burritos out of the freezer at the local circle k . never again chopsticks ? ? ? ? express ? ok they delivered my refund . but not before i received my two subs from jimmy johns . express lol what a joke
2			portions	large	walls	dingy	food	bad no			honestly the food is not bad at all and very short wait time and portions are large but i always get it to go since it always stinks in there which is very unpleasant they need to remodel seats are torn walls are dingy
2			place	awesome	staff	friendly	racetrack	fun	pillow	awesome	maze	awesome			place is awesome , staff is friendly , lots of stuff to play with ! the corn maze and bounce pillow are awesome ! the bike racetrack was fun too ! must come to place if your bored with kids 3 9 !
2			crust	light	crust	thin	flavors	terrific			delightful ! 2 pieces of pizza and drink for $ 4 and its delicious ! the crust is light and thin , flavors are terrific . give this place a try !
1			food	excellent	taste	bad			you ' re not going to panda for excellent food . at least for me , you stop here when you don ' t have much time . my last visit here a few months ago left a bad taste in my mouth and will never go back . the entire staff behind the counter were picking apart the customers in spanish . i guess i looked hispanic enough which i am so their comments about me were made after i left . this is horrible ! shame on you for making fried rice with brown rice now !
2			service	great	food	amazing			the food was amazing ! service was great ! the chicken marsala was everything that i was looking for . eating there felt like eating at your italian grandma ' s house . we will be going back often .
1			stay	terrible	ownership	new	car	bad			new ownership cobblestone ! ! terrible terrible stay away . bad car wash job and did not clean seats or cup holders .
2			ridge	packed	nothing	bad	nothing	remarkable	bar	typical	food	decent	it	bad no			we took the kids there and it wasn ' t bad . lots of locals and i hear lots of milfs cougars on most nights . it ' s a typical burger bar . nothing remarkable , but not bad either . if it were closer we would go more . it ' s just north a few miles of desert ridge , so if during the holidays desert ridge is packed and you ' re looking for decent food a few miles up the road , then stop by . there are always coupons around in money mailer , valupak , etc , so i would look for some too .
1			service	bad			bad customer service . they got my order wrong then they started talking about me in spanish not realizing that i speak spanish . $ 7 burrito was the size of a taco bell burrito . i ' ve lived in el mirage for the past 14 years and have been coming to this spot and the one on thunderbird for years . this was definitely the last time .
2			he	knowledgeable	he	friendly	prophylaxis	dental	hospital	recommend	plans	affordable	he	patient	plans	various	place	amazing			this place is amazing , especially our dogs ' vet , dr . samoska ! he is very knowledgeable , friendly , and patient . he would take his time to answer any questions we have . most of the staffs there are also very friendly and knowledgeable . banfield petsmart offers various affordable discount plans that cover dental prophylaxis , comprehensive exams , etc . i highly recommend this pet hospital to others .
2			place	favorite	dishes	amazing	we	disappointed	mein	low	mein	amazing	rice	amazing	skewers	amazing			i haven ' t eaten here in quite a while so hopefully not much has changed , but this was my favorite place to get take out . the beef skewers , house fried rice , house low mein and several other dishes are simply amazing , especially when the outside looks very much like a hole in the wall . the only thing stopping me from eating here more often is the fact that it ' s so far away from my house . we always ordered a ton of food for pick up and were never disappointed . hopefully i can make my way back soon because i haven ' t found any place that compares .
1			parts	typical	depot	worst			wish i could give 0 stars for this home depot . the worst home depot in the system , never have any of the typical parts or hardware . avoid this home depot at all costs ! ! ! ! ! 30 minutes wasted at this store hearing the employee tell me how bad the manager is with no results ! ! ! ! ! ! ! horrible ! ! ! !
1			prizes	crappy	taste	horrible			pizza taste like cardboard and games are horrible . the prizes are just crappy as they get .
1			i	mad	nothing	right	answer	good	place	horrible			this place is horrible . i showed a picture of how i wanted my hair cut and she barely looked at it . said i haven ' t seen her there before and asked how long she ' s been cutting hair . she paused for a bit as if she ' s thinking of a good answer and told me two years . more like two hours ! ! ! ! ! ! ! she screwed up my layers and my hair wasn ' t even . she didn ' t even check to make sure the layers were even with each other and nothing was right about my cut . she cut my hair in less than five minutes and told me that she was finished . i ' m so mad that no one there knows how to cut hair and they don ' t care about their customers . i ' m never never going there again .
1			wifi	horrible	room	smoking	wifi	bad	place	horrible			horrible place to stay asked for non smoking room smelled like cigarettes bad customer service wifi is horrible did not work kids running around at 2 in the morning up and down hall ways
2			we	impressed no	they	great	they	good	which	like	cheese	amazing	bbq	awful	salad	good	order	free	brisket	like	service	awesome			when they ' re good they ' re great . service was awesome . mac n cheese was amazing , my husband liked the brisket , wedge salad was pretty good . they give a free half order of onion rings to first timers . they also had no issue brining samples of the sauces so my husband could decide which he liked . their north carolina bbq was pretty awful though . and we weren ' t terribly impressed by the spinach artichoke dip .
1			she	rude	it	disgusting	service	awful	customer	worst			worst customer service ever ! ! ! ! we had a shrimp cocktail and basically it tasted like water , salt and onion . it was disgusting ! and when i told the lady working there she was very rude and said there was nothing she could do ! i will never go here again . i have never had such awful customer service ! or food ! !
1			i	willing	glass	empty	good	hot	cilantro	hot	wings	ok	place	alright	lot	like	restaurant	less	flavor	flavor no	they	greasy	attitude	helpful	glass	invisible	i	disappointed	tables	certain	it	full	waitressing	bad			this place was alright . we came here on a saturday afternoon . it was semi full but there was a lot of people waiting on to go orders . i pictured this place more bar and less restaurant . it was the opposite . they had several tv ' s and my pet peeve . no volume why even have a tv in the 1st place ? omg if you ' ve read my reviews you know that is a deal killer for me . and i ' ll end up somewhere else . we ordered wings and 2 salads . this must have annoyed this waitress b c we never saw her again ? she spent the entire time kissing the next table ' s ass . . and i mean giggling like a teenager at everything this table ' s patrons had to say , and would by pass us like nothing . my bf finally said i guess my empty glass is invisible ? i figured it must have been . when we finally did get her attn and flagged her down to get the check her whole tone changed . i guess the high pitched giggly tone and helpful attitude was reserved only for certain tables and ours wasnt up . maybe we didnt spend enough ? sorry but i ' m only going to order what i ' m willing to actually eat . wings : the wings were ok . we ordered hot and garlic cilantro . the garlic cilantro had zero flavor . i was really disappointed b c i like both a lot . garlic is up there w salt & pepper in my household . the hot good though , but they were very very very very greasy . i think i used every napkin in the place . more napkins than bww or hooters cant be good in the calorie dept . and the taste wasnt that far above and beyond so imho the nxt time i go i ' ll probably try something else , and maybe get it to go to avoid bad waitressing .
2			wings	amazing	place	amazing	pizza	amazing			love that place , pizza and wings are amazing
2			stores	big	copy	key	rates	reasonable	building	unique	locksmiths	real	rates	good	fact	great no	lesson	little	copying	key	storefront	huge	anything	professional	stuff	cool	deal	bad no			as if the fact that this locksmith is located in a castle wasn ' t great enough , these guys actually know what they are doing too ! here ' s a little life lesson : you will spend 1 . 97 per key copy at lowes and only 1 . 50 at genes . here ' s the difference ; the guys at genes are real locksmiths and actually know how to cut keys that work the first time ! don ' t get suckered into the whole convenience aspect of going to lowes , home depot or other big box stores with untrained employees . the time you spend going back and forth with improperly made keys just doesn ' t make sense ; especially when you are paying more for each copy . i had five keys made at genes yesterday ; all five work perfectly . the five that were made at lowes none of them worked ! what a waste of time . besides expert key copying this company has everything and anything relating to locks and security . if it has , needs or can be outfitted with a lock , these guys have it or can get it . the storefront is huge compared to most locksmiths and one can spend a good hour in here just looking at all of the cool stuff . i also inquired about their locksmith services outside of the shop . the rates are quite reasonable with a 65 dollar trip charge plus a few bucks to re key your lock cylinders . not a bad deal considering i have never seen a professional trade charge anything less than 100 120 per trip charge . highly recommended for quality service , good rates , and a unique building .
2			balls	awesome	buns	awesome	dishes	great no	rolls	awesome			their vietnamese dishes are on point ; vermicelli , pho , and rice plates . the smoothies are also on point . everything else , from what i ' ve tried ; chinese dishes orange chicken , lemon chicken , shumai , thai dishes curry , pad thai , aren ' t all that great . the spring rolls , egg rolls , pork buns and sesame balls are pretty awesome too .
1			service	ok	food	horrible			service were ok , , food was horrible
1			quality	worst	papa	worst			worst customer service , worst quality , papa johns that ' s what papa johns should change their slogan to .
2			buildings	separate	place	crazy	entertainment	available	c	terminal	stores	amazing			one crazy place . the are 2 separate buildings . terminals a , b , c are in one and d united only is wayyyy out there where a tram trolley picks you up at the b c section . if you had to go from the end of c to b or a , you ' ll realize how long terminal c is . shopping ? not a lot of amazing souvenir stores . i thought there would be more . clang clang clang of lots of slot machines greet you everywhere . i have to say , since there isn ' t much shopping to do , it ' s the only other entertainment available . the food courts and restaurants are so so . if they could increase the lighting some , maybe it wouldn ' t seem so dreary .
2			news	good	people	dressed	choices	bad	casino	shitty	you	ready	people	awesome			disgusting . going to this airport is like going to the shittiest casino ever . it smells , looks and acts like a shitty casino . the good news is that if you ' re in vegas for the first time the airport gets you ready for what you ' re in for . lots of smoke , lots of slot machines , lots of badly dressed people and lots of bad tattoo choices . if i could upgrade this review by a half star for the awesome people watching , i would .
2			corridors	narrow	power	annoying	it	ok	claim	fast	shuttle	convenient	tsa	long	airport	ok	standards	low	check	crowded	affair	smooth	seem	bad no			reviewing airports ? guess i was compelled to after being yelled at by the annoying , power tripping , airport staff lady who thought it was okay to bark at anyone trying to avoid her escalator line control on the way up to the tsa security line . for a city dependent on people dumping their money on the strip , you ' d think they ' d up their efforts to provide a better gateway and experience to their patrons . then again , the airport is okay at best most of the time especially when you think about the trainwreck that jfk & lax can be . mccarran doesn ' t seem that bad anymore . talk about low standards . arriving at mccarran is usually a smooth affair , the walk to the heavily advertised , spam filled baggage claim can be pretty fast even in the narrow corridors throughout the airport . getting a taxi or shuttle is straightforward and the airport shuttle to the car rental center is a breeze & really convenient . leaving is bit more difficult . crowded check in terminals with not much space to move , long tsa lines , and not enough seating at the gates which are probably too close to one another . however , these complaints are all pretty trivial since it could be far worse in my past experience .
1			salad	special	it	dingy	cheese	melted	pan	burnt	chicken	overcooked	it	cramped	home	old	disappointment	big	entrees	horrible			chicago joes blows ! ! the exterior of the building looks inviting like an old home , but the inside is a different story . it is uncomfortably dark , dingy , and extremely cramped . we ordered chicken and eggplant parmigiana for entrees and had a salad to start . the salad was good , nothing special there . the entrees were horrible . the chicken parmigiana was a meager piece of overcooked chicken with the frying batter smeared on top topped with what seemed like a pound of half melted cheese . the eggplant tasted as though it spoiled a week ago , yet they served it to us . the marinara sauce for both entrees tasted like it was the scrapings from the bottom of the burnt pan from the previous day . trying to salvage a bleak meal we ordered a cannoli in hopes it would redeem the experience . sadly this was not the case . all in all this was a big disappointment and a waste of money .
1			diareah	horrible	owner	rude	customers	fake	service	ok	dint	rude	priority	main	service	horrible	dint	horrible	service	bad			horrible service if your not drinking beer we were regulars because of the 2for 1 shrimp cocktail they were ok defenetly not made to order my husband tried the 7 mares and got a horrible diareah and stomach ache everything was ok then they finally got they ' re license to sell beer and they were the main priority ! we were waiting for our order for over an hour we would see everyone get served but us even ppl for takeout my husband asked the rude owner and she said they had a lot of orders for take out i guess they come first than customers sitting and waiting for over an hour of course they ' re was a table of a family drinking and of course everything was rushed to them we finally got tired and told my husband lets go he paid for the waters we had and the horrible rude ass owner dint even apologize or acknowledge we were leaving never again the food is not made to order everything is fake not fresh not worth the wait and the bad service ur cocktails can be 3 for 1 u still cudnt pay me to come back
2			burrito	chile	food	amazing			this food is amazing will definitely be back for some more . i had the chile colorado burrito looked so good got right to it and forgot to take a picture .
2			addicts	many	thing	best	east	fremont	staff	nice	door	right	figures	questionable	vegas	love	it	spacious	i	comfortable no	spike	gold	fix	quick	deal	good	bus	spacious	procedures	shitty	bus	late	company	shitty	it	late	yes	simple	service	shitty	manner	professional no	staff	helpful	seats	cramped	experience	shitty	it	suck	it	bad no			i wanted to get out of las vegas and go to san diego . really bad , it was too late to get a good deal on airplane tickets by the time i started planning it , so greyhound was the next best thing . a lot of people were warning me against it and no one likes to travel by bus anymore but i figured it really couldn ' t be that bad . turns out , it wasn ' t that bad . it was worse . i love downtown vegas and have been desensitized to the seediness for the most part , but despite the ~glamorous neon sequin facade , this station freaked me out . i can go to the gold spike , stay in a room at the el cortez , walk back and forth to the dtc at night , wander around in alleys surrounding the arts district , and take a drive on fremont east of 6th st . all without a problem , but this station scares me . the thing that makes it even scarier is that the la station is actually nicer granted , i was there during the day , but it was much larger and spacious , there weren ' t as many drug addicts and scumbags hanging around and it was much cleaner . however , they also have no idea what they hell they ' re doing at this station , i ' ll go into detail about that later . it ' s loaded with questionable figures who quite possibly were just hanging out or maybe even living there instead of waiting for a bus . it smelled like a bleached sewer and our bus ride was even delayed due to cops coming in to investigate something . the staff was nice and helpful at this location though but that ' s really not enough to warrant another star . anyways , i got on that bus , and it sucked so much . i ' m about 6 ' 1 and these seats were incredibly cramped , i believe there was a point on the ride where everyone on the bus was asleep except myself because i was so uncomfortable . so after about almost 6 hours of leg discomfort , we finally get off at the la station so we can transfer . one problem though , there were two buses scheduled for san diego and both of them were late , there were people waiting for a san diego bus for up to 3 hours . since the buses didn ' t seem to ever pull up to the right door anyway , whenever we asked a ticket agent if a bus was going to sd they would get very rude and impatient with us . we weren ' t trying to scapegoat them at all , but our bus was 2 3 hours late and we were looking for answers . just tell us whether or not the bus was going to san diego , simple yes or no question that doesn ' t require being handled in an unprofessional manner . thankfully , this bus was much more spacious . my legs finally had room , but this was already such a shitty experience that pretty much nothing could have made up for it except finally getting off at my intended destination . no wonder no one likes riding the greyhound bus . very shitty company with very shitty service and very shitty procedures . if i ever need a quick travel fix again , i ' m looking up a charter .
1			sincerity	true	replies	automatic	experiences	bad			this review is for tiffany w . , your comments to 1 star reviews are simply ' cut and paste ' automatic replies that show a total lack of true sincerity . i simply hope you actually read the reviews and do something for the people that had bad experiences .
1			buffet	worst			worst buffet for this price
2			tour	fun	tour	recommend	history	interested	guide	amazing			guy is an amazing tour guide ! we had so much fun on our night tour of the neon museum . guy gave a fun and very educational tour , i can ' t wait to go back and see it during the day . i highly recommend this tour for anyone interested in las vegas history .
1			it	busy no	service	horrible			horrible service ! ! . if i had known they were shut down by the health dept . , wouldn ' t have come here . waited 15 min for the waitress and it wasn ' t even busy . the table next to us waited forever and when they asked for more chips , they were charged for them . we had to get up and get our own refills . stay away and find another place to eat ! ! didn ' t even want to leave a 1 star but there ' s no lower rating ! !
2			price	special	rest	overpriced	tourist	biggest	food	cheap	service	horrible no	crap	overpriced	soda	small	slices	best	food	horrible no			one of the biggest tourist traps around . skip this overpriced crap and look for mcdonald ' s in that one casino for cheap food , or a sit down restaurant for a better value . $ 5 . 99 is apparently a special price for two average at best slices of cheese pizza and a pretty small soda , and the rest of the menu is definitely overpriced . only reason this gets two stars is that the food and service weren ' t actually horrible .
2			shave	best	he	great	treasure	hidden	it	worth	prices	great	district	central	wait	long	place	amazing			this place is amazing . timothy timo as he ' s known took care of me . walking in , i thought i had stopped into central district in seattle . loud hard core gangsta music , guys yelling back and fourth , cranking jokes , seeming oblivious that i was there . as we walked in , one barber called to us asking what we needed . told him we needed a haircut . we sat and as others came and went , seeming mostly to visit , we waited . one customer leaving said , ' the wait ' s long , but it ' s worth it ' . my partner was sat first , then i was next . the guy who took care of me has been cutting hair for 23 years . he was great ! cleaned up my beard , cut my hair , made it all look tight . according to him , i was representing his work . without a doubt the prices were great ! i had the cut above the rest experience . it was worth every penny . this place is a hidden treasure . for the best shave , cut , fade , trim , or whatever this place is not worth missing . in vegas , you ' ll pay 3x ' s more for worse unless you come here . thanks timo ! love what you did !
1			member	particular	experience	bad			i am hoping my experience will match the other yelper . so far l ' ve had a very bad experience just trying to be seen . fax is impossible to get through . call is worse have called in more then 4x . two of those calls where over 20 minute wait time and a third was 30min . just to drop off copies of my lab work took 20min wait after checking in and 1hr the first time then was told i ' d get a call back after they determined the urgency of my appt from lab work . 5 days passed when i finally called back to request an appt to the same person i had been dealing with the whole time . sucks i started this process to get an appt after receiving me referral turned into a 3week process and my insurance was termining . they still couldn ' t fit me in before my insurance termed . giving them another chance . this is clearly a issue with this particular staff member . i ' m hoping to resolve this issue .
1			food	flavorless	meal	bad			you know you ' re in for a bad meal when you hear ding come from the kitchen . this is the most flavorless jamaican food i have ever eaten . i will not return . booooo !
1			amount	full	review	bad			got a catered sandwich platter and salad and my first bite i found a bug ! ! came back to refund the salad and the owner wanted to give me store credit . right like i ' m ever coming back here ! ! she complained that i had eaten most of the chicken which was at the bottom of the salad so she wouldn ' t give me the full amount of $ 35 . instead i walked out of here with $ 20 in credit and a bad yelp review . check out the grossness
1			jennifer	great	pizza	good	name	horrible	example	prime	johns	suck	rest	worst			nevermind papa johns sucks . there ' s no consistency . jennifer is great but the rest of the staff are the worst . who trains theses people ? ? ? they don ' t listen , they don ' t help , they don ' t do shit . they don ' t even make good pizza . sean is a prime example of trash management that give papa johns a horrible name .
1			prices	reasonable	games	entertaining	event	friendly	seat	bad	event	bad			who doesn ' t want to watch hockey in the desert ? even though the team is under . 500 right now , they play hard and games are always entertaining . they played the idaho steelheads i have no idea what a steelhead is this past thursday and friday and both games ended in a shootout , with the teams splitting the games . there really isn ' t a bad seat in the house and prices are very reasonable . i had seats about 10 rows up from behind the net and they were only about $ 21 a piece . kids under 2 get in for free . not a bad family friendly event , fights and all .
1			theaters	worst			in terms of cleanliness , this was one of the worst theaters i ' ve ever been to . considering that this theater was in the palms casino , i expected much much more . there ' s also no butter dispenser for your popcorn . you need to ask one of the people who work behind the counter to butter the popcorn for you .
2			opportunity	great	he	fun	lobby	ok	we	surprised no	you	love	dude	old	room	huge	spirit	strong	car	huge	gals	amazing	memories	great	maral	excited	connie	delightful	memories	alive	memories	new	trip	amazing	lobby	wonderful	friends	new	party	wonderful	tour	upcoming	support	amazing			so i met this music manager thru my work he was so fun to talk to and seemed to have a really strong spirit . he was telling me about an upcoming tour that i should be a part of . hmmm i was thinking . . maybe , sounds like a great opportunity . so me and two of my girls went to vegas to meet his manager and check out his artists . when we arrived we were not pleasantly surprised by this old dude that had another agenda in mind . one of his artists was a friend of mine and spoke highly of him and the opportunity , but little did anyone know he was just a perve ! ! so we arrived at the rio maral was so excited she stuck her body out of her huge car to capture a picture of the prince sign on the building . the lobby was okay , we couldn ' t get into the club for free , and the company outside of this douche bag was wonderful . he wanted us to stay in his room whatev ! ! so we got a room on our own and enjoyed it sooo much . the room was huge ! ! and the facilities new like and we just had a blast . got some liquor from a liquor store and had a wonderful party . made new friends , went dancing , got caught in traffic , and made new memories with the most amazing gals alive . thank you connie and maral i love you ! such amazing support they gave me that weekend . and it was delightful connie ' s bday ! : so all in all , it was an amazing trip , although what brought us there was sooo sad . we left with smiles and great memories .
2			dance	energetic	scene	fun	buffet	amazing			i had an awesome time playing at the world series of poker as well as seeing the energetic wait staff dance periodically . the seafood buffet is amazing , be careful of the line we players didnt have to wait , , the pool scene was fun , including the topless area thank you to the staff and management of the rio for an awesome time !
2			can	spacious	feedback	positive	staff	cleaning	it	long	staff	sweet	tim	awesome			i just spent 5 days in las vegas and it was a little too long . here ' s the positive feedback i have for rio : the liquor store near the front desk actually doesn ' t rob you that bad $ 2 . 50 a 12oz can of beer the rooms are spacious and there are two sinks ! the cleaning staff was extremely sweet and hardworking tim at mcfadden ' s and the rest of mcfadden people were super awesome and fast at taking care of hundreds of people here ' s the constructive feedback i have in regards to my experience at rio : more diversity in the three restaurants maybe there are more , but i didn ' t think they were well advertised . totally away from the strip no shuttle from the airport ! well , there ' s one that costs $ 7 the gym costs money ! no real happy hours probably wouldn ' t stay there again .
1			love	local	love	bad			worst bar ever music was local bad love them however the bartenders shady as ffff . . charge there own tips and told me they don ' t serve water won ' t ever go back to this bar
2			guys	good	service	awesome			awesome customer service at this location . stopped in on a busy 4th of july . . cody and pablo killed it . good job guys ! !
1			restaurant	bad	formula	basic	they	slow	flow	good	menu	concerned	you	golden	variables	right	all	bad	waitress	polite	manner	bad			its kind of hard to be a bad all you can eat sushi joint in this town in any town , maybe . there ' s a basic formula you follow . as long as you plug in the right variables , you ' re golden . as far as menu is concerned , sushi factory was pretty spot on . we went for lunch so there was a few things they didn ' t offer for their lunch menu , like otoro . but then they didn ' t offer hirame halibut at all . that was the very first indiscretion . the only thing that pissed me off after that was the service . i understand that sushi chefs traditionally have a shogun aloof attitude , but these sushi dudes had straight up bad bedside manner . they were slow and forgot orders . our waitress was polite , but she never refiled my green tea . i suppose we were the forgotten ones because we were the first to sit at the sushi bar , while all other guests sat at tables . the sushi bar is isolated from the rest of the dining area , which i would think makes for bad restaurant feng shui . it just doesn ' t seem like good flow to have to traverse the restaurant with hands full of food like that . i already have a bread a butter all you can eat sushi place . i shall never return to sushi fucktory .
2			service	great	nothing	awesome			awesome food nothing like i expected ! 1 2 price pizza after midnight . service is great !
2			it	fresh	friends	reluctant	it	consistent	stores	local	service	great	meats	great	they	busy	market	new	it	impressive	i	competitive	beef	fresh	it	spicy	they	packed	customer	new	things	good	meatloaf	amazing			i honestly can ' t think of enough good things to say about larry ' s great western meats . i have been impressed with everything i ' ve heard , seen and now finally experience myself . i ' ve had friends and co workers recommend larry ' s multiple times over the years , but have always been reluctant to really give it a try . i recently found myself craving meatloaf and thought of my friend who makes amazing meatloaf . i called him up and sure enough , his secret was simply just stopping by larry ' s and picking it up . it is already premixed with the ingredients being added when the grind the hamburger daily , so it is super fresh and always consistent . i called the store earlier in the day to inquire if they took phone orders which they don ' t but the woman assured me that even though i will be coming in right before they closed , she would ensure there would be plenty . she took the time to ask what how or what i will be making it in , if i like it spicy and a few other questions . i arrived about 15 minutes before they closed and when i asked about meatloaf , she immediately remembered my voice and proceeded to fill the order we discussed 8 hours earlier in the day . now this is nice itself , but since they were packed and busy it is impressive she kept a phone call of a new customer and the details of the conversation . i didn ' t order anything else this visit , but did look and review the other meats while i was there . the prices are much better than i expected and very competitive if not better than local major chain stores . the price of fresh ground beef and meatloaf was $ 2 . 49 . i will come back for the great meats , but also because of the great service and prices . i have found my new meat market !
2			night	late	soda	small	portion	generous	experience	straight no	bread	bad no			decided to stop here for some late night eats after a night spent downtown . had just a philly sandwich with the cheese wiz and a small soda $ 12 seemed kind of steep . the sandwich was so so , there was a generous portion of steak on the sandwich and the bread was not to bad . it definitely was not a straight out of philly experience for me not awful by any means but i don ' t think i would be pumped up to go back .
2			sign	big	flavorful	juicy	food	bland	table	clean	food	dreadful	expereince	bad	philly	flavorful	guy	bad	meat	dry	sign	bad no			i wanted this place to work out . one of my boyfriend ' s co worker ' s john , rants about this place . i ' ve read their menu about 6 times in the past year . we came here one time last year & ended up walking away because the night staff don ' t seem to care too kindly about customer service . they just rude , what do you want ? . my boyfriend & turned right back around & told the guy i ' m all set . if that wasn ' t our first bad sign . last night at 9pm , wasn ' t busy we tried it & when we should have turned right back around . same thing again . yo , what can i get ya ? , it was better than the last time . lol we ordered two philly ' s . the guy took the time to ask me if i wanted onion . i said no onion please . now i ' m standing there reading the big sign in english , about how they pride themselves on accuracy . also make sure you get the receipt or the meal is on them ! cool ! ! ! i ' m thinking wow , they know to please their customers . at this point i ' m trying to find a clean table , okay so i wipe down a table myself with my lemon scented hand wipes i ' m dying from the aroma coming from the kitchen . food time the meat was dry , it tasted like i was eating steakums ew ? ! , with a hint of seasoning . very bland & dreadful food . mine came with hardly any prov . cheese , i had onion & mushrooms weren ' t cooked ! i thought they would of sauteed the mushrooms at the very least on the grill . a philly is supposed to be juicy , flavorful & and most of all loaded . even after the bad first expereince , i gave you the benefit of the doubt guy ! i tipped & i still ended up feeling like i ' m the bad guy . how does that work ? i ' m putting my foot down , this place deserves a one star rating . i hope the owner reads these reviews . .
1			restaurant	nice	place	good no	weekend	free	it	free	rooms	horrible			i stayed here for free one weekend with some friends . lets just say even if it was free , i would not stay here again . the place is just rundown i guess that ' s part of the whole medieval thing . the rooms are horrible , it feels like you are staying at a trailer park and there just isn ' t much there at the hotel either . not a very good place to find a nice restaurant or for shopping .
1			nothing	good	amenities	good	breakfast	open	smells	horrible			spend the extra money to stay in a hotel rather then a place that smells horrible from the second you walk in the door . there is no good amenities , rom service is only open breakfast and lunch , to be honest i really have nothing good to say about the place , this is my first time staying here , but i come to vegas at least once a month for the last 5 years and haven ' t had a worse experience . ps , there is no wifi
1			dude	interested	bed	good	place	horrible			this place is a disgrace . you can see that this is a horrible place as soon as you enter the hotel . all the employees there are trained to generate revenue i guess . on my first day i asked one nigerian employee about the buffet and he showd my how to get to the buffet place . i went there only to find out that the buffet was closed for renovations . this dude was only interested in selling the show tickets and he did not care how he treated the guests . the room had no coffee machine and no wifi . the bed was good though . please stay away from this place ! !
2			service	slow	atmosphere	comfortable	atmosphere	open	fritas	awesome	food	amazing			steak fritas are awesome . service was a bit slow but that was due to the waitress getting double sat . the food was amazing and the atmosphere was open and comfortable .
1			tapas	real	place	real	place	bad	paella	bad			how come this place still open . i will think because the people that come here have never try real tapas so they don ' t know the real flavor . this place is really bad . the restaurant sell tapas well let me tell you this place is not tapas plus the chef here need to go to spain to learn how to cook some real tapas . the paella was really bad no flavor , the sangria no good . no stars from me
2			it	fun	something	central	view	partial	sink	runny	dealers	insane	room	superior	room	large	service	prompt	minibar	empty	place	decent	couch	worn	hotel	best no	couch	sad	location	central	seemed	awesome			from the room comps i had available , i chose harrahs since they had a superior strip view room . i know it ' s not the best hotel , but it ' s central location and having a kickass view seemed awesome . well , when i got there they didn ' t have any ready for another two hours . so i got a mini suite . it had a partial strip view but mostly of the parking structure . the minibar was empty , there was a very sad and worn couch , sink was runny and shower didn ' t drain well . that being said , the room was large and laid out well . the dealers here are insane . i lost money so fast and it doesn ' t matter if it ' s 2 or 5 cards , they will get their 21 ! oh well , it was fun i guess ? their drink service at the tables were very prompt , which i loooove ! i will not be back , but i do think it ' s a decent place for those looking for something central for tourist stuff !
1			shops	cool	interior	pretty	mall	worst			ugh worst mall with so much promise . what made it one star ? all the salespeople bugging you literally every 10 yards . seriously now . we had to say nooooo about two dozen times . and god forbid you walk past them twice , as they ' ll harass you again ! unbelievable . sure it ' s one pretty interior with some cool shops , and the gondola rides , and stuff but i ' ll never go back . rude rude rude .
1			hotel	cheap	rooms	bad no	hotels	worst	hotel	horrible			stay here if you plan on losing alot of money and having a cheap hotel will help this is a horrible hotel ! ! when i went to the adventure dome most of the rides were closed people inside the hotel keeps asking you to buy things or join things every time i walk near the lobby its crazy . . the rooms aren ' t that bad but they won ' t change ur sheets unless you put a sign there oh n this hotel is far from the strip . . do not try to walk . . take the deuce or drive . one of the worst hotels on the strip !
1			arcade	like	discounts	nice	place	worst			worst place ever ! ! ! i like their arcade but that s about it . it was my first time staying here and the only reason i decided to stay here was because they were offering a nice discounts on the rooms . so after hanging out at the pool , my friends and i decide to go inside to play at some tables and the arcade . we were having fun and all , then i was walking around and security comes up to me and says that he has to escort kick me out for wearing a bikini in the casino umm really ? ? ? where the fuck is there a sign posted saying no bikinis ? ? ? with that said i will not stay at this hotel ever again .
2			parking	free	idea	good	mean	reliable	way	long	traffic	bad no			i think it ' s a reliable mean of transportation here . it ' s a good idea to commute with monorail when the traffic was jammed . but i think cabs , buses and cars are much better when traffic wasn ' t bad . i bought a 24 bus ticket for $ 5 . and i didn ' t have to walk long way through hotel to the monorail stations . also renting a car isn ' t cost much , there are free parking in every hotel here .
1			fact	love	sum	dim	i	sad	sum	delicious	service	ok	it	awesome	lunch	special	service	bad			i love the fact that they serve dim sum for lunch and dinner , cause who wakes up early enough for breakfast dim sum in las vegas ? dim sum was delicious by the way , we tried the chicken chow mein lunch special and it was awesome . the service was ok , come on it ' s a chinese restaurant , you expect bad service and no smiles , it ' s just the way it is . i really do like this place and i ' m a bit sad about the other reviews , but i will still make my way here when i ' m in lv .
1			girl	young	it	worth no	tasted	bad	sandwiches	favorite	drinks	alcoholic	gentleman	drunk	sandwich	flat	it	dead	it	busy	gentleman	high	place	popular	ledge	full	it	fabulous	waitress	horrible			it has been a few years since we have eaten here and were looking forward to our favorite sandwiches for lunch . first let me say , that service here is hit or miss . sometimes it is fabulous . other times , horrible . there is no in between . this was a horrible time waitress would not shut up , did not accept that we did not want alcoholic drinks or appetizers and tried to push them on us , she pulled a menu one of my party was holding and started flipping through it , insisted on telling us the specials despite we knew what we wanted . anyway we were looking forward to the grilled chicken sandwich and portabello mushroom sandwich . both were a disappointment chicken was like rubber , bread tasted bad not ciabatta anymore . the portabello sandwich was mashed flat as if someone sat on it and the vegetables were diced small and indistinguishable . more so for a saturday lunch it was dead not the normal for this place . usually it is busy . looking out the window we got to watch a drunk high gentleman purusing the parking lot , and then when we left we were confronted by a man who wanted to ask us questions and when we refused he started swearing , dropping the f bomb and being obnoxious . it was very unsettling to our group family members from seniors down to children . the place has not been kept up although when we entered there was a young girl cleaning the windows , the table was dirty , the ledge where the plants are was full of dust , the menus had food on them . no reason for that . the area this restaurant is in has certainly changed tremendously and as well , other restaurants in the area seemed to have changed hands chains as well . if you are on the strip , i would advise you to stay there and eat . it is not worth the taxi ride over there and i certainly would not advise you to walk down there from your hotel . this used to be a popular place for lunch for the unlv crowd , and possibly during the week things are different . but don ' t waste your time .
2			meal	human	place	love	it	love	food	good	steaks	awesome	place	great	meal	main	chunks	huge	it	cute	part	best	note	awesome			flipping love this place ! my husband and i love to take our dogs with us wherever we can . we love that they have good food and cater to our pups . human meal : i ' ve had the eggs benedict with lobster both times we ' ve gone there . huge chunks of lobster ! love it ! my husband had the steak and eggs the first time we went . french toast the second time we went . he said he enjoyed both meals . dog meal : the best part the dogs get a burger appetizer ! it ' s so cute ! for the main meal , choice of either chicken and rice or filet mignon and rice . our dogs think they ' ve literally died and gone to heaven ! great place i ' m sure we ' ll be back at least one more time before it gets too hot . side note if you ' re looking to come here for dinner steaks are awesome and you have to try the lobster bisque !
2			it	expensive	staff	awesome			so much fun ! yes , it ' s expensive , but where else do you get the opportunity to float in a wind tunnel with air being blasted at you at 120mph ? the staff are awesome , super energetic and clearly want you to have a good time . i would recommend getting the dvd so you can see how you did the time does flash past too quickly , but the buzz lasted a long time !
1			day	bad	felt	embarrassed	nobody	perfect	experience	bad			just had a bad experience here i ' ll leave it at that , don ' t want trash talk the store this is probably my 2nd or 3rd review on yelp so i don ' t go every single store and trash talk them unless i have a bad experience . maybe the person is having a bad day i can understand nobody is perfect as myself work in customer service , but i have been living in vegas for 4 years and shopping all my life and have never felt so embarrassed as i did in this store . don ' t know the guys name and don ' t care , but just will never go to this store that ' s all .
1			hospital	worst			the worst hospital ever . don ' t go there . nurses don ' t care . the er is a mess . and it gets worse from there . they have no consideration and no compassion . they do like your insurance though .
2			food	average	restaurants	amazing	restaurants	many	service	slow	one	worth no	it	bad no			this place was , eh , okay but i probably won ' t go back . the service was painfully slow and the food was simply average . it wasn ' t bad , per se , but there are so many amazing restaurants in vegas , that this one really isn ' t worth a second shot .
2			place	nice	soup	awesome			the place is nice and not too far from the strip . i enjoyed the appetizer you get with your meals . the miso soup is awesome and the sushi kicks a** . the only thing i didnt like was the katsu bowl i ordered . the taste got really boring but other than that thumbs up
2			price	full	trip	free	room	free	stay	great	food	free	cafe	overpriced	room	deluxe	rooms	nice	cafe	good	check	painless	feel	luxurious	i	glad	check	smooth	controls	cool	tacos	awesome			cashed in on the expedia save $ 300 deal and got a flight from lax to vegas and 1 night at the wynn + $ 100 resort credit for food bev for $ 1 . 63 . yep , you read that correctly 1 dollar , 63 cents . the hotel itself wasnt too crowded for holiday season . check in was smooth and painless . i was able to check in at 9am , even though the listed time is 3pm . very convenient ! i stayed in a deluxe panoramic view room on the 59th floor . really i think its the 49th since the elevator skips 10 floor numbers . not sure whats going on there . the rooms are pretty nice and definitely have a luxurious feel . the decor was okay , not really my style . no complaints at all about the room . the room controls are actually pretty cool . make you you press all on when you walk into the room . most reno ' s on the strip are adding those features . the terrace pointe cafe at the wynn is pretty good . the sangria was reasonably priced and delicious . the mahi mahi tacos were awesome ! not too filling which was good since we were hitting the buffet later on . the wynn buffet is one of the best on the strip . i still think the studio b buffet at the m resort spa casino in henderson beats the wynn ' s buffet hands down and its cheaper . check it out . the 24 hour cafe is way overpriced . i got a turkey brie sandwich for $ 10 . 50 which was smaller than a subway 6 . i ' m glad it was on the wynn ' s tab . my group showed up to blush lounge a little late 11 , 11 : 30 and they tried to charge us full price $ 30 guys , $ 20 girls as hotel guests . shady . . no thanks . we took off and went to club moon at the palms and had an great time ! overall , my stay was great . free food , free room , free trip ! my total at checkout after the resort fee was about $ 40 . however , i probably wouldn ' t stay here on my next trip . i ' ll probably checkout the newer properties like aria and the cosmopolitan . props to anyone else that got on that expedia deal !
2			waiter	interested no	he	big no	amounts	embarrassing	busser	nice	it	decent	service	great	food	amazing	bubbles	burnt	paneer	beloved	it	good	me	disappointed	it	bad no			what happened here ? ? when i was here for dinner a little over a year ago , the buffet the matter paneer in particular was fan flippin tastic . service was great , the food was amazing , and i swore an oath to myself that i would somehow come back here . i was in vegas with my fianc u00e9 this past weekend and , even though he ' s not big on indian food , i talked him into having dinner here because of how good it was . womp womp . did they change ownership ? ? there ' s no such thing as a dinner buffet anymore . well , i can ' t eat embarrassing amounts at the buffet , but at least i can order the matter paneer off the menu , i thought . there was one nice host busser , one food runner , and one disinterested waiter , which got to be a problem as the dinner crowd picked up . the naan was sub par ; more burnt air bubbles than anything . my beloved matter paneer was totally different . it wasn ' t bad . actually , it was pretty decent , but nowhere near as good as it used to be . we sat at the table , done eating , plates cleared , for a loooong time before i was able to practically tackle the waiter to get our check . had i never been here before , this would have been a 2 . 5 rounded up to 3 stars to be generous experience . but knowing what was and what could have been , this mostly left me disappointed and apologizing to my fianc u00e9 for misleading him .
1			it	cheap	room	nasty	nights	horrible	experience	worst			absolutely worst hotel experience of my life . i mean it was cheap , but seriously ? ! it ' s glory days have come and gone and this place needs to be imploded already . no coffee maker in the nasty room so prepare to wait in line at the java hut to wake yourself from the horrible nights sleep you just got . this place is on it ' s last leg . help to put it out of its misery by not giving it any of your money
1			clarissa	terrible	experience	horrible			horrible experience don ' t stay at this hotel ! front desk manager is terrible clarissa
1			employees	rude	employees	stupid	office	corporate	incident	bad			don ' t shop here . the employees are rude and stupid . i informed kroger ' s corporate office about a bad incident i had with an employee and they did nothing .
2			notch	top	experience	good	place	cheap no	drive	short	moroccan	good	course	prior	place	good	food	awesome	service	full	dancer	awesome			we have gone to this restaurant on two of our vegas trips . it is a very short drive from the strip and well worth it . the moroccan experience at marrakech is just as good as the food . the belly dancer was awesome . she encouraged my wife to get up and shake her booty . the food is awesome as well . i like not having to worrying about ordering they just keep bringing the food . the service is top notch , glass of water always full , never have to ask for more bread and the next course comes just as you wash down the prior course with your beverage . the place isn ' t cheap and i got the impression that the menu doesn ' t change much so i ' m not sure if this is a good place to go to more than once a month . the groups we saw there were having an awesome time . lots of locals here , this is a good place to go if you want to get off the strip . there isn ' t any good moroccan in san diego so when socal residents drive to vegas , dine at a place off the strip once and enjoy the entire experience of dinning at a moroccan restaurant
1			we	ugly	you	wrong	experience	horrible			we were just at coyote ugly and had an absolutely horrible experience . we went to the washroom and then the bouncer martin hampton would not let us back in . no one is an angel in vegas , but we were clearly not out of control . he claimed we were and we are parents at almost 50 years of age with three boys . i don ' t know what they were up to , but they ruined our evening . when you are wrong , that is fine , but this situation baffles me . don ' t you want business ? and i write this note in the clearly inebriated state that they assessed me at ? avoid
1			it	warm	nothing	right	steak	worst			worst steak house i have ever been to in vegas . went with friends and most everything was wrong with the food that we ordered . . and cold . took about an hour to get our well , whosoever it was food after we were seated . fuck , since nothing was right they should have just made up an order for us when we got there so it would have been at least warm when we got it . was charged for everything we originally ordered that we never got . not going back . i would rather shove shards of glass up my ass and sit in a tub of tabasco sauce then endure this place again .
1			service	bad			food tasted like it came out of cardboard boxes or something i could have gotten at costco is was nasty and service was bad .
1			bread	stale	sleeve	long	chefs	experienced	service	horrible			it bugs me when i know what i want to order and they start telling me a 5 minute story of what state the fish came from , how it was caught , how they prepare it , how their experienced chefs cook it , and so on . service was horrible . entered with a buddy of mine and they made him go back to his car to put on a long sleeve or jacket . host had pms for sure . food was undercooked and displayed very sloppy . no one looks when you need service but when you wanna be left alone , some waiter comes out to ask you how your food was , etc . bread sent out was stale .
1			restaurant	overpriced	point	ridiculous	choices	amazing	place	suck	garnish	horrible			this place sucks . if it wasn ' t for a properly cooked protein with horrible garnish , i would have given it one star . the price point is ridiculous for the under quality of the food . given the amazing dining choices in vegas , you are better off passing on this overpriced restaurant .
2			masala	delicious	masala	amazing			india palace never disappoints ! chicken tikka masala is amazing and the bhindi masala is delicious ! we always get garlic naan with our meal and make sure to order extra to take home . my husband and i try to come here as often as we can !
2			thing	good	they	small	thing	worst no			so we ended up staying here cuz the person whos name the room was under at mgm grand was a no show no call . not the worst thing to ever happen but definitely not something i ever expected . rooms were like $ 60 a night and damn they were small . alot of cops security around too not sure if thats a good thing or not . we werent in our rooms hardly at all so it wasnt that big of a deal . it was what it was .
1			nachos	cold	complainec	sour	food	horrible			horrible food ! my nachos were ice cold asked for new and they microwaved them with the sour cream and guacamole gag complainec again and they made new ate a couple chips and cheese and was sick all night as a local we will never be back
1			she	indifferent	drink	small	it	smallest	it	acceptable	dish	cold	it	horrible			i ' ve been traveling to vegas for work for over 7 years , and always looked forward to eating here . unfortunately things have changed . the last 2 times i ' ve been , it has been horrible . i found out that they have been sold . i thought i would give it another chance , that perhaps the lst visit after the sale was a fluke , but it was the worst ever experience . i waited at my table forever for a waiter . i got up twice to ask for one . when she arrived , she was very indifferent . she asked if i knew what i wanted . i had to ask her for a menu . i ordered a glass of white wine . when she finally brought it . it was the smallest pour i have ever seen . had to request bread , and was told they were ' out of butter ' . dinner took it ' s time , and was delivered by someone else , but it was acceptable . my waitress never came back to see if i needed another drink , or to check on the food . of course , i had to search again for someone to bring a bill . when i got it , i was charged double for the small drink . also had to wait to get an itemized receipt that my company requires . the table next to me complained to the waiter that they were never brought a side dish they had ordered . i overheard the table on the other side of me complain that one dish was cold . obviously m&s , you are unaware that there are thousands of other restaurant choices in las vegas . i will not
1			food	horrible			food was horrible . if it wasn ' t for my son this place would have never even been visited very disappointed . you pay for an elephant to move every half hr for like 30 seconds . definitely was a one in done kind of place .
1			space	personal	we	surprised	quesadillas	subpar	service	horrendous	spinach	subpar	close	little	dip	subpar	dessert	sparkling	it	bad			if you like to go through an entire meal without utensils , have your personal space invaded by your server , and be pressured into ordering dessert , rainforest cafe in the mgm grand might be for you . we weren ' t expecting much from this place but the service we received was horrendous . the trouble began when our server mike sat down at the table with us to take our order . he got a little close and periodically kept touching my friend during our visit . we both ordered appetizers for our meal : the quesadillas and spinach and artichoke dip which were subpar . we were never given forks or knives and had to ask for napkins that we finally ended up receiving after him telling us he was a dick for forgetting napkins and straws , keep in mind there are children around . this didn ' t stop him from commenting on how his ass was in our faces when he was taking the couple next to our ' s order . mike loved playing the blame game . i ordered a refill of my drink and when he forgot about it he blamed the bartenders and said that he wasn ' t sure if there was vodka in it . when the table next to our ' s food arrived 35 minutes later he told them that the rainforest cafe gets their kitchen staff from mcdonald ' s which is both insulting to his fellow employees and the intelligence of the customers . before we started eating we knew we wanted to share the coveted sparkling volcano dessert . not having mentioned this we were a little surprised when mike aggressively said here ' s a subliminal message and slammed the sign for the dessert on our table . we ended up ordering it and of course once it arrived it was pretty bad . mike seemed very frazzled the entire time even though his section didn ' t appear very busy . i strongly suggest that this establishment do some drug testing on their employees .
1			i	pissed	service	bad	place	recommend no	attitude	bad			if i could give a star for them i would have , bad food bad service and bad attitude well that just explains we went for dinner of 7 2 and 8 18 i ' m still pissed at them for the way the reacted , variety of sushi is a joke , i don ' t know how they have managed to stay in business being a local i definitely don ' t recommend this place
1			service	worst			i will never order from papa john ' s again ! ! the worst customer service i have ever experienced . i have called and spoke to the manager about my complaint and he has blown me off every time . i ordered 20 pizzas for an event at my work , on the company credit card and these people cant even provide me with a receipt ! i have been asking for one for 4 weeks now , and still nothing i finally had to declare the receipt lost as per company policy but damn papa john ' s get it together ! !
2			theses	ok	view	amazing			we had my sister ' s b day dinner here . the staff was very accommodating when i told them i was bringing in my own center piece and extra stuff for the table . braised chicken : this was really good must try if you are going here potato croquette : theses were ok but i liked the scalloped potatoes better pistachio souffle : this was amazing . if you go here please try the souffles amazing . your missing out if you pass on dessert . we had already drank too much at the pool and were going to the club after dinner so we did not drink at dinner . the view is amazing as well .
2			setups	best	views	amazing			this place has one of the best setups to see a race ever . and mixing drag racing with vegas has just gotta be awesome . amazing views , and it ' s right next to the air force base so you have fighters flying overhead the entire time . beer , gambling , drag racing , and flybys . america . f*ck yeah .
1			he	horrible	guy	recommend no	salesman	worst			don ' t go buy with the guy name dante ! ! ! he ' s horrible he tried to sell me everything possible . my family buy me a car to study in us and we didn ' t understand much and he ripped us off . don ' t recommend this guy at all . the worst salesman i have ever met ! ! !
2			reviews	local	it	dirty	damage	severe	reviews	amazing			i dont know why there are not any reviews of this gem on yelp as of yet . they have amazing local reviews . anyway , i called them up for an approximate quote . after dropping off my bike i received a call my bike didnt have the severe damage i thought and it could have had . i picked it up the next day fixed and paid less then quoted . ! they even cleaned up my bike , i dropped it off pretty dirty . super nice staff and purely honest . siq mechanics . thank you .
2			ribs	ordered	steak	overcooked	service	bad no			where to start so everyone i know have always been a fan of claim jumpers . . but i must say over the years , the food has really just gone to sh ! t ! ! every time we go back , it seems to be worse and worse . my recent visit was pretty much catastrophic . there was a bug in the starter salad to start then we had our entrees , my steak was overcooked . i ordered . medium an i got wayyyyy overcooked well done . hubby ordered chicken n ribs , hi chicken was bleeding , undercooked ! so i had to complain to the server . . gm came over and apologized . he removed the 2 entrees from our bill . this was the only reason i gave 2 stars the service wasn ' t bad , the food was ! i will definitely no be returning to this location and maybe no more claim jumpers as well . .
1			clothes	regular	place	horrible			customer service none most of the reviews on yelp seems to be by their own staff members . obviously , if you been in this store dress is regular clothes and not a cyclist , they tend to ignore you . seriously , go there to be ignore , while you check out bicycles that are over $ 1000 . what is the difference between them , no idea . no one will help you in the store . the only person that talk to me was another customer , that they ignored . hope this place shut down , what a horrible place .
1			service	awful	brisket	rough	brisket	dry	food	ok	links	hot	check	horrible	beans	gross	dish	main	links	ok	service	bad			if i could give this place zero stars i so would ! memphis championship barbecue ? more like memphis yuckyionship barbecue ! so we walk in and are greeted by these teenagers that just stare at us then after a minute of standing there they finally say something she asked how many i looked at the both of us counted and said uh two duh so we get seated the waitress takes our order we both order the blue ribbon lunch special for the main dish you can choose two meats and one side i chose the brisket and hot links with a side of baked beans . the brisket was extremely extremely extremely dry i cant stretch that enough ! i thought i was chewing on a tire that had been left in the sahara desert for 20 years then taken to the sun for another 20 years thats how dry and rough the brisket was . the hot links were ok at best and the beans were just gross . the food came out cold and the service was awful the only time i saw our waitress was to get our order , drop off the food and drop the check , not once did she come back to check and see if the food was ok or even offer refills on our drinks . horrible food check bad service check waste of 45 mins outta my life that i can never get back check please avoid this place at all costs !
1			management	bad	people	bad			no stars would be more like it . management is bad bad bad ! ! we will never return . i don ' t care how good the food is , bad people ! !
2			hookah	disappointing	we	disappointed	it	strong	food	great	food	amazing			food is great but the hookah was very disappointing . i have been here a few times and enjoyed the place a lot . after bragging about it to my friends we all decided to go and we were extremely disappointed . the waiter came back maybe 10 times to fix our hookah and every time was worse . we always get the same flavor but this time it was way too strong and sometimes way too lite after just a few min . of smoking it . it gave us all stomach aches too . again the food was amazing but not so much the hookah .
1			summary	lucky	elephant	kitschy	finale	grand	smell	overwhelming	bottle	empty	i	lucky	jam	missing	stickyness	tacky	i	alive	summary	free	it	funny	beds	foul	summary	alive	hum	loud	attempts	numerous	floor	foul	attempts	successful no	it	bad			you know the saying words can not describe ? well , luckily words can describe the atrocities that are to be found at the diamond inn . with the exception of the kitschy pink elephant on the front lawn , the rest of the place is a nightmare . after numerous unsuccessful attempts to find a room elsewhere in town we were relegated to visiting dive hotels and motels and unfortunately for us , there was vacancy at the diamond inn . the smell the moldy yet chemically smell in the room was absolutely overwhelming . not just when you walked in , but hours later . the stickyness every surface was tacky to the touch . even though the beds were foul , the floor was even more foul . i wound up sleeping in my sleeping bag on top of the bed and later scrubbed out that sleeping bag at a you wash it car wash , and it remains suspect . security the door did not latch , let alone lock . much of the door jam was missing and there is much evidence of the door being kicked in by police ? pimps ? hobos ? who knows ! . the bathroom cross reference the section on stickyness . there was no top to the toilet tank and there was an empty beer bottle in the toilet tank . you can ' t make this up . the television wow . i can ' t write this without laughing . all of the channels were exactly the same . turn it to three and you see the same video as you see on six , twenty two , etc . the audio was a loud hum , no actual audio . oh , what was on the tv you ask ? why xxx porn , and not just any xxx porn , but a best of that only showed what i ' m going to call the grand finale for yelp . you can call it by more raunchy terms . one or two minute clips all complied together . summary i ' m lucky to be alive and disease free after my stay at the diamond inn . it was so bad it was funny . kind of .
2			stores	favorite	stuff	great	stuff	love	prices	awesome			i was expecting this store to be those other 99cents store , but actually this store has alot of great stuff ! ! ! this is one of my favorite stores ! ! i love the stuff they have here and the prices are awesome as well . i definitely recomend to visit this store if you havent yet ! !
1			center	rental	cars	dirty	experience	bad			yeah , seriously , the busses that get you from the airport to the rental car center are dramatically under provisioned . bad experience . the cars at avis are typically dirty but at least reservations are honored .
2			visits	numerous	staff	friendly	beer	favorite	food	delicious	dish	favorite	pub	favorite	cobblers	awesome			i was here last night , not to count the numerous previous visits . this is my friend ' s favorite pub ! and it is my #2 pub for there delicious food . they got awesome apple cobblers , and cottage pie is my favorite dish here . they got chimay on tab which is one of my favorite beer . everytime i go to this pub i get a kick out of it . there are times like on the weekends where it will take a while for services but still the staff here is very friendly . : i ' ll definitely be back !
2			issue	real	kababs	love	falafel	outstanding	hummus	good	hummus	amazing			falafel was outstanding . whatever you order i love the kababs , order some on the side . the tahini will even come in handy with the chicken . hummus is good but not amazing . needs to be a tad more creamy . that ' s my only teenie complaint . my only real issue : the table buzzer scares the crap out of me every time it goes off ! enjoy
1			you	hungry	food	bad	food	raw	service	bad			bad food . raw food . on top of that bad service . avoid this place unless you are so hungry that you can eat pretty much anything .
2			food	delicious	staff	pleasant	place	love	options	amazing			love this place ! the staff is always pleasant and the food is delicious ! being a vegetarian , they have tons of amazing options . i always leave here full and happy .
1			food	good	table	dirty	attitude	bad			food is very good but the staff is ' out to lunch ' . management has a bad attitude . when you walk in the will turn their back to you and later turnaround and have this look on their face like ' what do you want ' ? have also experience sitting down to a dirty table with what looked like food from the night before . also , i asked for a spoon and they handed it to me holding the cradle end .
2			pool	small	cookies	warm	staff	great	room	nice	price	bad no			so although i was celebrating my 25th in vegas . and it was my first time i have to say that i had a great time and i didn ' t stay on the strip . the staff is great and we were greeted with a smile and 2 warm cookies ! there is a shuttle that runs to the mgm every hour so that was quite helpful ! saved me and the bf about $ 60 in taxi fares . it ' ll run about $ 20 from the strip back to the d . t . they have an applebee ' s on site pretty cool especially when you don ' t want to pay to go anywhere although they did have a cafe in the lobby . i didn ' t get a chance to check it out . anywho they have a nice workout room and small pool . for the price and convienence not bad at all !
1			reviews	good	it	hard	sound	weird	it	suck	force	full	condition	worst	car	freaking	turn	right	car	ready	service	crappy	service	worst	experience	great	problem	glad no	part	worst			i found this place through yelp and it seemed like it was a lot of good reviews . my first experience here was great . i got an oil change and then another time , my car locked on me so i took it there to reset it and they weren ' t able to do anything because i needed to replace my key . my third service there was due to my power steering wheels not working right . they had to deal with my averex warranty . my warranty decided to get a second hand parts for my car and they didn ' t let me know about it until after the car was given back to me . well the problem with the mechanics giving me my car back is all of a sudden it ' s hard to back up , make a left and right turn and there ' s a weird sound and my car shakes from time to time . i ' m putting full force just to turn and back up when i took my car in for service none of that was happening . if you ' re a certified mechanic they shouldn ' t have given me my car back knowing that its not drive able . all randy can tell me is not to drive too much cause its unsafe ya think ! ! ! it took me about 3 1 2 weeks just to bring my car back to this place . i got there at 11am . two hours later after eating my lunch i asked randy how long is it going to take ? he obviously said he doesn ' t know because he seems to never know anything , he said its because they have to measure the power steering parts etc , which to me sounded like a bunch of bull , so i stepped away and looked outside and my car has been in the same parking spot and they never got around to my car , while i can hear and see other customers after me asking for service for their car . every time , i ' ve heard them say to other customer their car should be ready in an hr and so forth , while they never attended to my car . . i ' ve been waiting like an idiot . then once they saw me see my car in the same spot then randy must have told one of his mechanic to finally start on my car . so i called averex to found out what ' s really going on and the specialist said he never heard from randy since the last time i brought the car in for this issue which was 3 1 2 weeks ago i called right in front of randy and called him out on it and he just apologize and said he hasn ' t called etc . then why the hell am i waiting for this long ! also the last time i was at their shop i was their for over five hrs just to get my car back in the worst condition and i have a clk benz so that ' s the worst part about it . so the problem has not been fix and im glad i didn ' t pay them my deductible because their service so far is the worst . when i ask them if someone can take me home randy pretended he asked and then ask me how i will be able to come back for my car , geez obviously my car is at your shop , shouldn ' t your driver be able to pick me up and drop me off as quality service for your customers ! when i hear his other sales person front guy talks to other customers he was more accommodating . some lady ask if their drivers can take her home , they never ask her if she has a way to get back to the shop it sucks because i still have to take my car back to this place i wish i can take it to a different shop . they need to fix my freaking car and get their mechanics together , it seems to me not everyone that ' s a mechanic their can fix cars so watch out because you might just get an amateur mechanic , with crappy customer service . who wants to sit and wait around and get your car back in a much worst condition ! i regret coming here unfortunately i can ' t go anywhere else because they ' ve already been paid for and they have to fix my car .
1			group	shady	companies	professional no	service	horrible			reiss properties is one of the most unprofessional property management companies i have ever dealt with . they are shady group and have horrible customer service .
2			food	love	morning	awesome	place	awesome			this place is awesome . . locals told us about this place a few years ago and we always make it a stopping point whenever we go to vegas like in 3 hours : . . they even have video poker if you want to gamble . . the buffet on sat sun morning is awesome . . if you like love mexican food , you definitely want to stop here very easy to find . pete
1			service	awful	crowd	good	part	best	you	late	food	decent	service	suck no	part	worst	salad	super	service	bad			the best part about this place ? their super yummy seafood salad . the worst part ? their awful service . ichabod ' s is near my work so i have been here several times for lunch and every time we ' ve had bad service . we almost always have to wave someone down to get a refill on our water , and getting the check can sometimes take 20 minutes . if you have an hour lunch you can expect to use the whole hour , and you might even be late . come on , ichabod ' s get your act together . your food ' s pretty decent and you could have a good lunch crowd if your service didn ' t suck .
1			it	worth no	service	worst			literally the worst service i have ever had in any store . i can ' t say anything about the products in the store because me and my friends were thrown out before i could see anything . to top it off i was accused of stealing an essie nail polish that i did not even steal . the lady started yelling at me telling me to put it back and i didn ' t know what she was talking about . then she went on saying she saw me put it in my shopping bag . i told her she could search me but she said , i ' m not gonna search you , but i know you took it . then she wouldn ' t leave us be . then me and my friends then decided that she was way too much and it wasn ' t even worth it so we left .
2			vet	wonderful	he	amazing			dr . c . is the . best . vet . ever ! ! he is the most compassionate , wonderful vet i have ever met . he cared and treated for my guinea pig , nibbles , for 3 weeks and tried to save her life with everything he could . he was amazing and even performed an autopsy on her after she passed just to give me peace of mind that there really was nothing else we could do . thank you so very much dr . c . i couldn ' t have asked for a more wonderful vet .
1			pot	sweet	environment	relaxed	which	love	grub	cheap	coffee	hot	spot	regular	start	bad	i	critical	days	bad			man . . i love me some t birds . . the relaxed environment and cheap grub makes it a regular spot for me . . i usually go to the one on blue mountain . . which i love . . here , not so much . . our server forgot what we ordered . . waited ten minutes to even tell us she forgot , then just laughed about the whole thing as if i had just nailed a stand up routine . . so off to a bad start . . twenty minutes roll by and we ' re still waiting . . i ordered a salad with tuna on it . . pretty easy stuff . . had coffee . . she didn ' t bring that sweet pot of hot coffee back around my table once ! i ' m a little critical of service industry folks due to my background in said industry , but this lady just dropped the ball . . but hey people have bad days , i just caught her on one .
1			food	ok	lady	nice	photos	free	service	horrible			we came here looking forward to celebrating my husbands birthday instead we have the most horrible service . the only lady that was nice was the lady taking free photos . the food was simply ok . it was way over priced . we could have drove 2miles up charleston to a whole in the wall restaurant with better service and better quality food !
1			restaurant	worst	service	worst			the worst restaurant i ever went to ! the want to be called managers is the worst customer service you can ever have . it makes you want to close the restaurants ! ! f rating ! ! ! !
1			reviews	good	man	nice	place	recommend no	thing	good	part	sad	pain	bad			looked up chiropractors on google , saw that this place had a lot of good reviews . i have really bad lower back pain and needed to see someone asap ! went in on monday and saw dr . schultz . really nice man , but the sad part was he didn ' t introduce himself , or ask me for my name . just asked how i was feeling didn ' t even ask how or when the pain started . the worse part was he thought i was a patient already ! saying i looked better that day . i politely told him this was actually my first time after that i was really over this place . he didn ' t give me much advice , didn ' t really explain what could of possibly happened to my back i just felt like it was a waste of $ $ $ ! paid $ 75 for 20 minutes with this guy . the only good thing was how friendly he was which i don ' t understand . lol anyways ! ! sadly , i would not recommend this place . sorry dr . schultz ! wish i could have given a better review !
1			food	worst			do not come here . this was the worst food i ' ve ever had in vegas and i ' ve lived here for 19 years . i literally almost vomited and requested a refund through eat24 because i sure as hell wasn ' t going back there !
1			pizza	worst			this was one of the worst pizza ' s i have ever had . only one place was worse and that was in denver . don ' t even think about ordering pizza here
2			place	little	diner	little	diner	cute	place	awesome			awesome little breakfast place . my boyfriend and i decided to give this place a go on a wednesday morning . i got an omelet with bacon , cheese and avocado with a side of hollandaise sauce . reminds me a of cute little diner .
1			food	old	sushi	true	service	bad			service is so bad ! this is not a true ' all you can eat ' sushi bar . i ordered sushi and 2 hours later they came out with rolls . i didn ' t order rolls , i enjoy sushi . they said i have to wait all over again if i want my sushi . what a ripoff . . then i came on here to write a review , and noticed this has happened to a lot of people ! how pathetic of a restaurant , to push out old food or filling food , to save the quality sushi and save money . $ 27 + a guaranteed 18 % gratuity tip no thanks !
1			service	horrible			pizza hut tastes better . the service was horrible and so was the pizza . hopefully metro pizza will put this place out of business . blah !
1			dish	wrong	service	excellent	food	horrible			excellent service , horrible food ! plus to many hidden add on to the check ! sauce for my calamari , extra without informing ! parents zucchini strips sauce , extra ! blue cheese for salad , extra , etc ! ! ! i ordered lobster ravioli , and it looked and tasted like plan cheese ravioli . i forget to check the check to see if it was a mistake in the waiter placing the order or they sent the wrong dish ! ! !
1			it	authentic	side	positive	sushi	poor	i	satisfied	it	close	reviews	mixed	rolls	worst			i saw the mixed reviews , and thought , let ' s give it a chance . it ' s close , it has delivery , and i might get lucky . even after placing the order with the lady who didn ' t speak a lick of english and had to call back to repeat our credit card number six times , i thought hey , she can ' t speak english , it must be authentic ! well , that logic fell short . the sushi rolls were by far the worst i ' ve had in a while . i ' m not being a snob . i ' ve been satisfied with sushi from supermarkets but this place just doesn ' t cut it , especially for the prices . as for the other items : salad dressing , bleh . miso soup , alright . tempura , bland . on the positive side , i ' ve heard that poor quality sushi means lower mercury content ! so here ' s to my health .
2			food	average	soup	bad no			average chinese food yeah i said chinese there wasnt much flavor . the tom kah soup wasn ' t bad . i would not go back .
2			one	good	price	good	place	love	costs	high	reason	real	prices	low	variety	wide	thing	bad no			i love this place . ; so most that work here don ' t speak english well so they don ' t say much . not a bad thing , it is what it is . the wide variety of food on the buffet explains perfectly who is eating here . chicken feet . duck . crawfish . butter shrimp . crab legs . the real reason to go no crab at lunch only dinner . fri sat sun dinner is almost 25 $ per person . the signs all over the restaurant repeatedly say don ' t waste food so we can keep prices low . price used to be under 20 $ per person couple years ago . waste and food costs are so high . but still all you can eat crab legs . no one offers that any more . sunday brunch buffets are pushing 40 $ per person so i think the price here is still good ! ! ! don ' t expect 5 stars or excellence in dining . it ' s a buffet . but do leave a tip and enjoy a very good one at that ! ! ! !
1			it	awful	's	honest	area	open	clothing	beautiful	it	ready no	they	quick	deals	incredible	shoppers	hard	it	longer	people	friendly	area	changing	people	helpful	people	friendly no	lines	horrible			let ' s be honest . last chance is not a place to take your date , your parents , or anyone else you ' re trying to show a good time . yes , there are shoes and shirts strewn about there are hundreds of pre menopausal women clawing through the doors each day . no , the people there aren ' t always friendly they ' re not trying to earn a tip from you they ' re on a mission to clean up the 38 , 039 pairs of shoes and shirts left strewn about by said pre menopausal women . yes , there may be a line to the dressing room a dozen people long . yes , there may be a checkout line 3 times longer than the dressing room line . *this isn ' t the place to linger with friends and admire the latest fashion this is for die hard bargain shoppers only . * as far as the actual clothing goes , it ' s hit or miss . i ' ve gone there many times without finding anything , but i ' ve also left with $ 500 worth of clothing i paid less than $ 50 for . important : carefully inspect everything before you buy it . everything is sold as is , and there are no returns or exchanges no exceptions . best advice ? get in , and get out . best times are weekday mornings , though the last time i came i unexpectedly timed it just right when i thought it would be awful . i came in the early evening on a weekday , around 5 : 00 . i had to wait over 10 minutes for a dressing room it would have been much longer if i hadn ' t taken the open changing area , but once i was out there was no checkout line . the store was packed full of people , but it seemed that everyone had just arrived and wasn ' t ready to check out yet . if you can avoid it , do not wait until last chance closes to leave . they will not let you keep looking around once 9pm hits , and you may have to wait in the checkout line for 30 minutes while the dozens of people in the store are pushed together all at once . know that everything is hit or miss at last chance . some people are friendly and helpful , and some are not . sometimes the lines are horrible , and sometimes they ' re quick . sometimes you ' ll find incredible deals on beautiful clothing , and sometimes you won ' t .
2			seem	spicy	restuarant	standard	dos	original	place	great	service	great	food	great	food	amazing			always a great place , we visit los dos 1 2x everytime we are in phoenix yearly . this time we gave the mesa location a go , opposed to the original . food and service were great as usual , however the food didnt seem as spicy as at the original los dos and the ambiance is not the same has more of the standard restuarant look and feel . not a knock at all still amazing food regardless ! ! !
1			server	great	soup	good	burro	worst			we hadn ' t been to macayo ' s for awhile and i remember them being better than last night . both of our foods , bean burro and chimi , were completely tasteless . probably the worst burro or burrito i ' ve ever had . although , our server was great and the tortilla soup was good . we usually have mexican food 2 3 times a month and with how many mexican restaurants there are , we have many to choose from and macayo ' s will not be one we return to .
1			place	horrible			this place is horrible ! ! sink backed up and black mold on the shower curtain ! i called and they fixed the sink but left the mold so i could feel like home in the ghetto ! be warned stay at your own risk !
1			casino	worst	staff	horrible			horrible staff ! ! ! ! bartender constantly asking me if i ' m playing for comp drinks . my husband being accused of picking up someone else ' s money by the pitboss . worst casino experience in vegas ! ! ! !
1			place	recommend	service	love	service	horrible			if you like staying at the slums and love horrible customer service , i would recommend this place . talk about a waste of money . from the time that you call and reserve your hotel , the phone csrs sound like they don ' t want to be at their job . . . seriously . they sound unmotivated . their attitude is next . .
1			owner	responsible	buffet	horrible			10 bucks for a horrible buffet in a grimy strip mall . the irony is that the owner according to articles on the wall is responsible for renu korn in norwalk , ca , the best thai place i ' ve ever been to
1			thinking	good	service	slow	food	amazing no			food is good not amazing or anything but just like any other hole in the wall thai place . this place became trendy and it totally worth going but you will leave thinking that was good but nothing special , then you may be robbed and possibly raped do to the neighborhood this place is in . the service is super slow , they seat way more tables then they can handle per server .
2			flavors	many	curry	good	pepper	spicy	appetizer	popular	rice	sticky	pieces	huge	appetizer	crispy	dish	healthy	level	good	chunks	homemade	restaurant	awesome			went for dinner , make reservations ! we shared the popular crispy rice appetizer . so many flavors , mint , ginger , garlic , spices , peanuts , i ' m sure i ' m missing some . be sure to order one . i got the cod , i believe it was black cod , steamed on top of steamed cabbage with a spicy pepper sauce on the side . this was a pretty healthy dish , fish on cabbage i skipped the rice . he got the duck in a panang curry . these were huge pieces of duck , easily split this entree . the duck was seasoned well and crispy from pan frying . the curry was very good , and medium was a good level of pepper . they were out of the mango with sticky rice , so we split the coconut ice cream . the ice cream tasted homemade , chunks of coconut in it . an awesome restaurant !
1			buffet	reminiscent	fare	ok	buffet	worst	buffet	cheap	curry	special	i	fair	it	worst			i must be fair i only tried the lunch buffet for $ 10 . 99 . the menu fare may be ok . however the buffet was reminiscent of a train station in bangladesh . probably the worst buffet i ' ve ever been to in my life ! the $ 10 . 99 price actually means it was indisputably the worst . there was exactly one thai item a yellow curry chicken sauce . otherwise it was a very cheap chinese buffet in disguise . the yellow curry was even today ' s special ! i guess normally they don ' t even have that . the buffet covered about 10 sq ft postage stamp size . i ' m not kidding folks , this was incredibly bad . only go there if you ' re in front of the restaurant , starving , barefoot , the outside temp is 105 , and you ' re a multi millionaire .
2			staff	friendly	thai	best	food	amazing			best thai place on this side of the country . i ' ve been going to lotus for over 5 years now and every time i swear it gets better . from the friendly staff to the amazing food , you cant go wrong here .
2			we	skeptical	restaurant	normal	menu	extensive	they	good	road	main	item	recommend	noodles	right	atmosphere	great	servers	helpful	chicken	amazing	tofu	right	lamb	amazing			so i was in vegas for four days for a work conference . in the spirit of team building about ten of us decided to go to this restaurant . it was recommended by a friend of a friend ' s cousin so we were a little skeptical . this place is in a shopping center away from a main road faced opposite from the road , so we were again a little sketched . as you walk in it looks like a normal restaurant , except i noticed a bunch of james beard awards on the wall okay getting better . the menu was extensive . they had every thai food you could think of and then some more . well instead of us searching , contemplating , arguing and then making up about the menu , we asked our server that was the advice people kept givving us . sure enough , the server recommended item after item , and instead of getting just one thing per person we went family style and shared everything . it was a celebration of thai food . the curried lamb and chicken were amazing . the noodles and tofu were just right . everything was spot on and on point . i now see why they received all of those james beard awards . we also imbibed on some thai beer singha , they have a large or a small i would go for the large . they are good . next time i am in vegas i am definitly going here . the atmosphere is great , the servers are very helpful and they know the menu inside and out . just make sure you make a reservation ahead of time that place can fill up in a minute .
2			amount	reasonable	waitress	general	guys	amazing			we had a little bit a problem at the beginning of the game . go figure a power outage ! all we could think of was not today ! ! fortunately , they managed to get technicians there in a reasonable amount of time and resolve the issue . during this delay , louis aceves general manager and ericka waitress made sure our party of 15 were very well taken care of making sure we didn ' t skip a beat . have to say , they handled everything very well . you guys are amazing and we ' ll definitely go back .
1			reviews	good	trio	ordered	place	perfect	waitress	less	selection	great	sliders	worst			great selection of beers get this place it ' s 2 stars but that ' s where all the fun stops . . waitress was less than enthusiastic ordered slider trio , comes with fries . . with all these good reviews about how good the burgers are i thought this place would be perfect but these were definitely the worst sliders i ' ve ever had . dry dry dry .
2			thing	right	i	sorry	story	funny	restaurant	good	brulee	ok	way	rudest	restaurants	many	bug	little	lamb	love	complaint	biggest	i	happy no	i	careful no	felt	comfortable no	tastes	good	i	surprised	recommendation	good	they	expensive	brulee	free	kitchen	open	it	ok	thing	favorite	thought	like	lamb	like	busser	attentive	way	best	restaurant	intimate no	vino	amazing			i ' ve eaten at a few celebrity owned restaurants that were amazing carne vino in vegas , cafe atlantico in dc , but mesa was not one of them . based on my experiences , i have decided that the best way to tell if a celebrity chef ' s restaurant is going to be any good or not is how much the restaurant relies on the celeb ' s name rather than the food to get people in the door . my friend and i walked into mesa for our last summer lunch together and were immediately assaulted by a shrine to flay behind the hostess stand . you can buy his books , chutneys , spice rubs , and probably posters in the restaurant . the atmosphere of the restaurant didn ' t get much better . as we were lead to our table , we walked past the open kitchen where the chef manning the grill was cooking burger after burger and piling them up off to one side . made to order , eh ? the table we were seated at was so close to another couple that i could have bumped the other lady with my elbow if i wasn ' t careful . i know mesa isn ' t an intimate date restaurant or anything , but i felt uncomfortable having the conversation i wanted to have with my friend there . our waiter had to crawl out of flay ' s butt to bring us the day ' s specials . do you know bobby flay ? did you choose mesa because of mr . flay ? do you watch bobby on the food network ? he simpered as he held the menu upside down in front of us . his appetizer recommendation was good though . the queso fundido was yummy . as were the $ 16 margaritas . i was surprised they were that expensive at lunch time ; i could have gotten similar cocktails at many other restaurants for $ 9 $ 12 . my biggest complaint about mesa , and the reason i only give it one star , is the seasoning . i get that southwestern spice , chilis and rubs are flay ' s thing , but there ' s something to be said for subtlety . i ordered a lamb cobb salad because i really like lamb and thought that sounded delicious . too bad i couldn ' t taste my lamb . it was cooked perfectly and melt in my mouth tender , but it didn ' t taste like anything but chili powder . i love lamb because it tastes good . why go against that ? about halfway through my salad when i had pretty much decided i had had enough anyway , a little black bug crawled out from under a lettuce leaf and began crawling around the lip of my plate . he was moving slowly , perhaps dazed by the spices as i was . we quickly flagged down a busser who had been really attentive about our bread , drinks , and water i think he was my favorite thing about the meal who brought the plate , still with bug , to our waiter . he came and apologized , soon the floor manager came to apologize , but she did it in the rudest way i can imagine . why didn ' t you say anything when i came by earlier ? she demanded . because a bug hadn ' t crawled out of my salad yet i replied . then she went on to explain that in a kitchen their size , things like this are unavoidable . i get it . produce gets bugs , my kitchen has a bug in it from time to time , but she shouldn ' t have admitted that . the right thing to do is say i ' m so sorry and leave it at that . funny story , when she had come by and inquired about how we were enjoying the meal earlier , i said it ' s ok , which is about how i felt . she shot me the angriest look and stalked off instead of caring to find out why i wasn ' t happy . my salad was comped , and i got a free creme brulee that was ok . maybe the dinner is better , but i will not go back to mesa to find out .
2			service	poor	mimosa	weak	server	difficult	fries	good	group	original	light	low	sauce	thin	bacon	amazing	steak	excellent	looks	amazing	accent	thick	cheese	amazing	bar	high	grits	hate	lights	bland	table	full	tamale	bland	light	culinary	hostess	rude	restaurant	recommend	lights	low	light	disappointing	onions	amazing			our group was really disappointed by mesa grill . while planning our vegas trip , visiting bobby flay ' s restaurant was at the top of the list . i am a fan of bobby flay and his food on food network looks amazing , but i would never recommend this restaurant to someone visiting vegas . the hostess was rude when i informed her that our original group of 8 was now 10 , which should have been a sign to go somewhere else to eat , but we soldiered on . they split us up into a table for 4 and a table for 6 . the server had a thick accent and was difficult to understand . the service was poor and the food took too long to come out . highlights : bread basket all of it was really good , especially the jalapeno bread , quesadilla was perfection the bacon , cheese , onions and bacon were amazing . everyone at the table enjoyed it . the ribeye steak , which was off menu , was excellent . the home fries were also good . low lights : all of the egg dishes were really bland . the tiger shrimp tamale was bland and the sauce was too thin . the mimosa was weak . everyone hated the hominy grits our table was full of southerners , so grits have a high bar to meet and it failed miserably . very disappointing and truly the culinary low light of our vegas trip .
2			sushi	amazing			amazing sushi ! only complaint was on one visit they brought my miso soup out after my rolls it ' s typically a starter , so i ' m thinking the waiter forgot about it .
2			place	fun	night	exciting	hamburgers	awesome			rainforest cafe is unlike any other dining experience that i have ever had . it is a fun place to go when you are looking for an exciting night out , especially with families . personally , most of the menu doesn ' t interest me but their hamburgers are really pretty awesome . wish they had more locations in az . their location in anaheim at downtown disney is way better of course :
2			hotel	huge	hotel	cool	looked	amazing	amenities	many	light	amazing	outside	cool	design	amazing			this hotel is so cool and huge ! ! ! i will start by saying that i did not stay here but i did do some gambling here and walked around . the light and the design of the interior is just amazing and also the outside is just so cool looking . there is so many amenities within this hotel that you would never have to leave this place . next time i come to vegas i will definitely stay here . it looked amazing and made me want to come back .
2			show	free	spot	good	lobby	awesome	it	awesome			yes , the water fountain is a free show and it is still awesome . but trying to find a good viewing spot iis tough at night in the summer , it gets way crowded . the lobby with the glass chihuly flowers in the ceiling is awesome and so is the convervatory and botanical gardens with the flowers plants that change every season .
1			hotel	famous	nothing	free	experience	worst	water	free	room	small	room	suck	service	bad			what a disappointment of staying at #bellagio ! thought this will be the most famous hotel in vegas , it turns out to be the worst experience ! the hotel room sucks and small , with the same price but lower , we got a way better room and view in #cosmopolation next door . yet , the service is really really bad ! we call and ask if we will have somewhere to microwave our food and can if we get folks and spoons , then i was being transferred from front desk to room service to dinning service , by the end we have been told that we need to pay for the folks and spoons ! last but not least , everything in the room is charged for money , no free water nothing is free expect the wifi , oh wait ! we actually pay 28 $ for wifi which is included in the resort fee ! #theterribleexperienceever
1			looks	ok	shape	bad			wow . . this place is in bad shape . the casino looks ok but mom and dad stayed there and the rooms blow . i have stayed there a bunch of times over the years but it has went way down hill . i heard they lost their hilton license and i can guess its because its gotten that bad .
2			tower	central	it	loud no	deal	good	hotel	bad no			i booked two nights through livingsocial for only $ 56 no resort fees for easter weekend and also spring break week for most college students . most hotels started out in the $ 100s some with resort fees for the days i wanted to book . the hotel wasn ' t bad at all like what other people have reviewed here . maybe i got lucky ? our room was located in central tower and my only complaint would be that we chose the room next to the elevator since it was the only non smoking and king size bed they had . you can hear the elevator from your room going up and down , though it wasn ' t loud enough to keep me awake at night . the rooms actually looked like the pictures we saw online and it was clean and nicely arranged . the hotel is conveniently connected to the monorail , so despite this hotel not being near the center of the strip , the monorail took care of that . if i were to visit vegas again i would definitely stay at lvh if there was another good deal like the one i got from livingsocial .
1			dirty	dirty	service	bad			dirty , dirty , air conditioner still out of order , restaurants bad service .
1			it	good	it	horrible			don ' t go i have been coming here for the last 7 years and it used to be good but since the bank took it over it is horrible don ' t eat here and don ' t risk a night to stay here
2			prices	amazing			average japanese food at amazing japanese food prices .
2			casino	crazy no	pool	awesome	amount	good	options	good	rooms	adjoining	room	basic no	hotel	upscale	hotel	recommend	size	right	casino	big no	location	bad no	prices	reasonable	it	convenient	anything	luxurious	river	lazy	place	bad no			after staying here for 4 nights wed sun , i have to say this place isn ' t half bad . rooms were expected , not completely luxurious but not your basic hotel room . prices were reasonable for the rooms , i booked two adjoining two queen bed rooms and it still ended up being barely more than just 1 room at a more upscale hotel such as the mirage or mgm . the pool is awesome . lazy river , wave pool and a volleyball court . casino isn ' t crazy big and just the right size . game options are good , plenty to choose from . they have a food court with a good amount of options . id avoid it though cause they literally rape you with the prices there . $ 10 for a $ 5 subway footlong ? ! i ' ll walk a bit more and grab something cheaper and better . location isn ' t bad either , it ' s at the beginning middle of the strip . it ' s convenient that there ' s a cvs right in front of the hotel and tons of places to eat within the vicinity . overall if you ' re on a budget and don ' t need anything overly luxurious i would recommend this hotel .
1			weekend	terrible	view	bad			they charged 20 usd for each , already we paid whole amount to expedia . so we did not understand , they said it is just deposit but we understood that it is not . cheating monte carlo , also they did not give the exact room which we reserved , the view was also bad , we were looking at construction area . thanks for this terrible weekend !
1			i	impressed no	it	flat	cirque	worst			the worst cirque du soleil show that i ' ve seen . and i ' ve seen a lot . where do they get off charging so much for a ticket . don ' t waste your money and go see o or love . the attempt at being sexy which it was not distracted them from the essence of why people go see these shows in the first place . there was an act where the women was masturbating with ropes as she is pulled up and down in the air . there was no music just her moaning . of course she was faking , the worse faking i ' ve ever heard . it was flat out stupid ! i was not impressed and was fully let down .
2			show	sexy	show	fun	actors	talented	interaction	terrific			i saw zumanity a little over a year ago when i was in vegas for my 21st birthday . this was the first cirque show that i have ever seen and i was blown away . this show was sexy and fun . the actors are also extremely talented . the acrobats were my favorite . if you ' re in vegas and want to see a talent filled show then definitely go see zumanity . and be sure to get there about 30 minutes early . the interaction with the audience before the show is hilariously terrific !
1			content	sexual	it	great	show	typical no	seat	bad			this show is just what it says it is risqu u00e9 ! ! it ' s not your typical cirque show either ! ! it was great . we laughed and laughed . as usual there is more than one thing happening on stage and you want to catch it all . they include audience members which was absolutely a hoot ! ! there is not a bad seat in the house either . do not feel pressured to by your tickets at the box office . you can get them for half the price on line . this is not a show for children or people whom are offended by sexual content . we both thoroughly enjoyed the show and i would go again ! !
2			pics	many	decor	amazing			just from a tourist ' s point of view this is one of the hotels i love visiting in vegas . their decor is amazing from the realistic sky to the backdrop of italian boutiques . it was photo galore ! ! i definitely took many pics here . next time , i ' ll stay here and maybe try the gondola ride it looks ultra romantico ! !
2			burgers	awesome	it	like	people	fun	ambiance	good	call	quick	food	decent	dealers	friendly	part	best	view	great	bill	nice	gambling	fun	it	bad no			decide to cancel our reservation at the aria last month and try the mirage instead . we reached vegas late the night of december 6th and found that we got a double bed even though we had asked for a king during reservation . a quick call to the mlife counter and we were whisked away to another room with a king bed and a great view of the strip on one of the higher floors . gambling was fun at the mirage and we spent almost 90 percent of our gambling time there . the dealers were friendly and people at the table were fun . this was our first time staying so far up north on the strip and we really liked it . usually , we stay at mandalay bay which is on the southern tip of the strip or at the aria , which is more centrally located . we always make it a point to go blt burger regardless of where we stay on the strip and we have never been disappointed . this time was no exception either . their burgers are awesome and i love their knight rider shake . we tried out stack for dinner one night and it was not bad at all . the ambiance is good and the food was pretty decent . oh , and the best part , mlife comped off our entire stay when we checked out except for my wife ' s spa bill , which was very nice of them . probably their way of compensating us for all our gambling losses for the trip ! :
1			party	tired	taste	bad	palazzo	ready	vegas	numerous	it	clear	head	shaved	party	exhausted	service	excellent	it	disappointing	suite	love	we	exhausted	impression	horrible	mirage	sorry	impression	bad			horrible first impression . waiting in the lobby for our two bedroom suite to be finished cleaning while everyone else is checking in so easily . it ' s been almost 2 hours . my party is tired and exhausted . to get my room key will be the 3rd time i ' ve had to wait in the check in line . sorry mirage but you have left a bad taste in my mouth and my first impression of this hotel is bad . even after the check in time , you shouldn ' t make guests wait no longer then an hour for their room to be ready . i normally stay at the venetian palazzo which offers excellent customer service and never had to wait for my room to be ready . in fact , of the 10+ years of my numerous vegas visits to other hotels had i had to wait so long for a room . edit : after much complaining to the front desk . they finally offered another room after two and a half hours later . their excuse ? our room was still getting cleaned and they are going to give us another room that they were holding for one of their vip guests . it was disappointing because this was my birthday weekend for my big 30 ! my party and i wanted to watch the boys to men concert , but by the time we finally got to our room we were exhausted and missed it ! after speaking to about 5 different different people at the front desk , it was clear to see that they need to train some of their staff better with customer service . one of them was extremely rude to my sister , an asian guy with a shaved head . i wish i took his name down . he was an ass to us . besides all the drama , i absolutely love our two bedroom suite and the view it has to offer , therefore i ' m giving the mirage two stars .
2			he	right	it	amazing			last year for my 21st birthday we went to vegas and after hearing my boyfriend rave about this restraunt for two years , i knew i had to take him here ! oh he was so very right , it was amazing ; definitely a well $ 200 . 00 spent ! i would highly reccomend this restaurant . ps : you have to try the calamari !
1			signal	bad			i love having 100 channels . i hate not being able to see them because of a bad signal . i also hate dodging taxis while trying to get back and forth from valet .
2			service	great	hotel	outdated	hotel	awesome			bit outdated but pretty awesome hotel for the price , the sushi place they have there is super good and the service is great .
2			fact	love	toiletries	suck	people	nice	bed	nice	room	ok	floor	low	bit	little	bed	comfy	fact	hate	control	remote	club	bad no			i got to stay here twice because of work i really cant complain about it but when your boss is staying at the venetian , it is a reason to complain . you get hotel envy . for the most part , i hate the fact that the casinos , the bar , canters deli , and mist bar is just plain dreary . its like all the fuglies and the losers of vegas are here . ugh . i ended up going to christian audigier nightclub because my other friends were in town its not a bad club , its pretty okay , i believe . no cover for hotel guests just made me go . hahaha . that and i had to wake up at 6am to get ready for work my room was okay , the king size bed was nice and comfy and the nice people at the front desk put me in a low floor near the elevator room . i love the fact that i was there because the last time i stayed my room was at the end of nowhere working 12 hour days and walking a block and a half from the elevator to my room is no joke . and no , i didnt mind that i had a view of the airconditioning unit of the hotel sadly the remote control and the tv was retarded and the hotel room had no fridge . weird the toiletries suck big time , seems to me that its the same brand that budget hotels use just in a different container . the bellboy who took my luggage at the belldesk was expecting a tip when he didnt even take the thing from my room . really ? what a dick . a tip for writing my name on a claim tag and chatting a little bit ? acting like a prostitute much ? id probably stay here again next year because im not paying for my stay , but if i was , id rather go somewhere else . there is definitely no treasure in this island . lol
2			tv	flat	window	large	room	large	hotel	nice	speakers	great no	way	long	ways	little	bed	comfy	bed	huge	tv	small	parking	complimentary	special	great	rooms	standard	location	good	theme	awesome			this review is based on staying in the tower suite and does not reflect standard rooms . pros : the room : large room , living room , huge super comfy bed , table with chairs , desk , flat screen tv , double door entry , large window , two bathrooms his and hers . the hotel : nice hotel in a good location on the strip . plenty of restaurants , bars , and even a 24 hour starbucks . cons : the room : the tv was fairly small with not so great speakers . the hotel : nice hotel , but don ' t expect a super awesome pirate theme ; some parts of the casino have a pirate vibe to it , but not as extravagant as you would hope for . although there are quite a few bars , this is one of the only major resorts on the strip with no night club . if clubbing is your thing , expect to walk a little ways to another resort for that club experience . upon check in , definitely take advantage of the complimentary valet parking . if you self park , you will have to walk a very long way through the casino to get to the front desk . overall : i would stay here again when they run the buy one night get one free again , although there are other resorts on the strip that i like much more that i would stay at , unless ti has a great special on rooms again .
1			palace	imperial	company	great	cashier	rude	food	worst	selection	lacking	service	horrible			the emperor ' s buffet is really a joke . i had great company , but the service was horrible and the food was worse than the worst dining commons food at cal and that was bad . the cashier was incredibly rude and the selection of food was severely lacking . the imperial palace is run down and the buffet is no different . for the same price , you can get a better meal at circus circus .
2			place	disgusting	chat	little	dealertainers	entertaining	furniture	nasty	nasty	dirty	it	kind	place	bad no			this place is kind of disgusting . the furniture is dirty , nasty , and looks like it hasn ' t been replaced in 25 years . when you take a shower water came up to my ankles and there was crud in it . grossss . the upside of this hotel is not the rooms , but the casino itself . yes it is older and kind of ghetto , but the dealertainers were very entertaining , we even ran into michael jackson in the elevator and had a little chat with him . i wouldn ' t ever stay in a room here again , but its not a bad place to check out and play some poker with the dealertainers .
2			complaint	huge	music	insane	elevator	secret	line	insane	deal	bad no			you get what you pay for . one star for location , one star for price . those are the only positives . the line for our elevators were always insane we stayed in tower 5 , don ' t know if that makes a difference . at one point security actually had to escort us to a secret elevator because the line was getting too out of hand . the other huge complaint is the insane music blasting until 3 or 4 in the morning . seriously , what the hell ? it was coming from a bar or a club or something , but can ' t they pop some pink panther in the walls for us ? if you need somewhere cheap to stay and don ' t plan on being in your room very often , this isn ' t a bad deal . but if you ' ve got an extra 20 to 50 bucks a night to spend , you ' re better off forking it over .
2			choices	limited	food	good	view	awesome			if you sit outside for dinner the view is awesome . food is good with limited choices but the qualitative . tried there mussels mariniere and chicken grandmere both were quite a deliscious .
1			it	chilly	it	awesome no			wanted a brunch place that wasn ' t a buffet . this place hit the spot . i started with some coffee , which i desperately needed to keep warm . we were seated outside under heat lamps but with the winter wind , it was still quite chilly . i got the turkey and egg white omelet and added jarlsberg . it wouldn ' t have been as awesome without the cheese . glad i remembered to add it . didn ' t even miss the yolks , but probably negated any of the health benefits of getting an egg white omelet by adding cheese oh well . it was yummy . and , i had to indulge in the build your own bloody mary bar . that was delish !
2			bordeaux	great	food	excellent	poivre	rare	poivre	medium	taste	excellent	service	terrific			excellent food . had the filet au poivre perfect medium rare , with excellent taste . paired nicely with a great bordeaux . terrific service !
2			we	pleased	bisque	good	bisque	good no	price	reasonable	appetizer	small	experience	intimate	menu	full	seemed	pricey	dining	relaxed	chocolates	awesome	amount	right	cocktail	good	bass	awesome	voucher	designed	soup	awesome	drinks	free	voucher	fun	place	great	dessert	favorite	experience	top	place	upscale	plate	small	place	small	dessert	good	selection	fantastic	risotto	awesome			came here with my wife and a travel zoo voucher . we were very pleased with the experience . ambiance : the place is small . probably 10 tables and very nicely decorated . the doors to the place are also nicely sound proofed so you get an intimate experience even though your in a casino . service : excellent . very friendly from the start . not over bearing but on top of drinks and just the right amount of time between courses to allow for a relaxed dining experience without making you feel like they forgot you . food : really good . really really good . with the travel zoo voucher it was $ 99 for 3 courses and a champagne drink for 2 people . you don ' t get the full menu but rather what seems to be a designed travel zoo voucher , but the selection was still fantastic . for appetizers , i had french onion soup awesome . my wife had lobster bisque , which was good probably not as good as the french onion but still very good . entress . i had the sea bass which was awesome . my wife had the risotto which was also awesome . between the two , i don ' t know which was better . i would gladly eat both . dessert . i had some sort of camelized banana and ice cream dessert which was good , not my favorite dessert , but i ' m not a dessert guy . my wife had the chocolate suflee sp ? which was good and very rich . in addition to the entrees we received an small appetizer from the chef that included a vegetable croquet and something else can ' t remember . both of these were awesome . we also received a small plate of different chocolates that were awesome . drinks : we received 2 free champagne drinks with the travel zoo voucher which were fun . basically , champagne with some grenadine and a cherry . we then switched to a cucumber gin cocktail , which was really really good . i would love to have the recipe for this . these were really good the only downside is they seemed a little pricey , but the place is upscale so the prices were on par for cocktails at a 4 5 star restaurant . overall , the place was great and i ' d come back in a second especially with the travel zoo voucher . with the voucher it definitely gives you a top notch vegas dining experience at a reasonable price .
1			it	suck	we	apologetic no	place	suck	end	horrible			this place sucked when i was like 12 and stayed here with my parents , and it still sucks at age 23 . we came for a friend ' s bachelor party weekend , and when we walked in the smoke detector was hanging from its wires off the ceiling and the room reeked of disinfectant . which is funny , since shortly thereafter the room began smelling of dudes , and didn ' t really stop being that way until we checked out . on top of that , they wanted to charge us like $ 10 . 00 per person per day to use their ratty gym and $ 40 . 00 a night to use a roll out bed seriously nickel and diming the shit out of us . also , the one time we went downstairs and bought a pizza they forgot about our order after we stood around for nearly half an hour and then were totally unapologetic about it , and at any given hour during that weekend we couldn ' t find a $ 10 . 00 blackjack table to save our lives . luckily the monte carlo pulled through hard for us on that front . overall just a horrible end to end service experience .
2			carpet	dirty	it	old	air	fresh	eateries	nice	rooms	horrible	bed	ok	casino	bad no			don ' t go to this hotel . it really is old . the room carpet was dirty . there is no fresh air as the entire room is enclosed in walls and glass . the toilet flush doesn ' t always work . the bed was okay and shower head didn ' t always have enough pressure . the only positive was the price which was $ 41 a night on weekdays , but weekends it shot up . horrible rooms . the casino was not bad , but my clothes always inherited 2nd hand smoke when i got back into my room . i guess for the weekday price it can ' t be beat with a room that felt like a higher quality motel . they did also have some nice eateries downstairs like johny rockets .
1			service	horrible			horrible service , stay away ! ! !
2			she	apologetic no	room	absolute	one	pleasant	lamp	broken	service	horrible	tub	dirty	floor	dirty	room	clean	room	particular	phone	broken	curtain	dirty	rooms	filthy	it	bad no			as far the the check in process went , it wasn ' t bad , but no one was really pleasant . after we were issued our room keys we began what seemed to about a 15 minute walk to our room . our particular room was the absolute farthest from the elevators , so it was a loooong time . now on to the room condition ! the bathroom tub and floor were dirty , i didn ' t want to even walk around barefoot or step foot in that tub . we had a broken phone , broken lamp , dirty shower curtain . after seeing how dirty the bathroom was and seeing how our lamp and phone both didn ' t work , we immediately decided we didn ' t want to spend a night in this place . i immediately went back the front desk to check out . i explained the condition of the room to a different women at the front counter . she too was rude and unaffected and unapologetic and had to go see what she could do in terms of refunding me my money . horrible service , filthy rooms . take your money elsewhere where it ' s appreciated and your room is clean i ended up getting my $ 150 refunded and walking down to the venetian where i was warmly welcomed and given a 30th floor suite for $ 170 .
1			experience	worst	strategy	worst			worst hotel experience ever , do not come here during thanksgiving , the check in wait can be anywhere from 2 5hours . 15 check in counters with only 3 people doing check in . no care for customers and the worst customer retention strategy ever !
2			hangers	available	date	correct	call	long	choices	excellent	room	dirty	music	great	pedicure	basic	bathtub	deep	fleur	spectacular	elevators	slow	majority	pleasant	shower	separate	spas	unique	desk	check	aureole	spectacular	spa	love	polish	new	pedicure	cheapest	it	expensive	date	wrong	staff	nice	rooms	nice	it	correct no	bathrooms	large	spa	awesome			mandalay bay has its major ups and its major downs let ' s start with the ups . the restaurant choices are excellent . you can go hear great music at house of blues or enjoy their gospel brunch on sundays . fleur and aureole are spectacular and you have to check out the contraption that delivers the bottles of wine to you . i can ' t describe it , you just have to see it for your self . nice size rooms with large bathrooms . the shower is separate from the deep whirlpool bathtub and i always enjoy double sinks when traveling with my husband . dual closets is a plus plenty of room to hang your nightlife attire with lots of available hangers . the bath house spa at thehotel connected to mandalay bay was awesome ! ! i could have stayed in there all day . i have been to several spas in my life and i would say this was one of the most unique spas to visit . if you go , you need to pay a visit to the bath house spa . majority of the staff were pleasant to deal with even when they were messing up , they remained smiling and would apologize numerous times about the inconvenience now the downs and believe me , there are some major downs . . room was dirty when we arrived . there were stains on the sheets and comforter and pistachio nut shells on the floor . eewww ! elevators are slow so don ' t wait until last minute to go anywhere agree with other yelpers that the casino area could use some updating now i talked about how much i loved the spa but be sure to note that it is expensive . i got a basic 45 minute pedicure there and it cost $ 80 plus tip and that was the cheapest pedicure possible . all the other ones with coconut cream , deluxe , etc were over $ 100 . crazy ! ! if my lil piggies weren ' t in such dire need of new polish , i would have said thanks , but no thanks ! ! concierge staff are super nice but when i booked my tickets over the phone before coming to vegas , the lady booked half of the tickets on the wrong date even though the itinerary they sent me had all the tickets confirmed for the correct date . instead of giving me a $ 500 credit back on to my credit card , they said they could only apply a credit to my hotel bill . i wasn ' t thrilled with the idea but i figured that i would probably spend about that much on my room , other shows , food , spa etc so i didn ' t complain too much after they said twice it wasn ' t possible to credit my visa back . well . . when it was time to check out , they had only applied the credit to food and beverage at the hotel and therefore i still had almost $ 300 left on there . i told the lady checking me out that this was incorrect and that concierge said it could be applied to anything in the hotel shopping , shows , the spa , etc . i stood at the check out desk for almost an hour while that lady and her manager were trying to work it out . their excuse was that concierge was a different department and they didn ' t share the same account , yada yada yada . i told them that i was about to miss my flight now that i have been messing with this for so long . told them to please just email me the receipt once it has been worked out so that i could leave for the airport . and of course , i get the receipt and view my credit card bill and guess what . . wait for it . . wait for it it is still incorrect i am sure that it is going to require at least another hour long phone call to straighten it all out
1			tone	bad	owners	seperate	experience	bad			my bad experience started in the beginning , i pre paid for a room with a king size bed . my wife and i where trying to get away for awhile . they gave away my room and stuck me with two queen size beds . i was pre paid . it set a bad tone for our stay , i did enjoy red square the restaurant but that is seperate management owners we moved the next day , but i will not go back to mandalay . not even for the restaurant .
2			service	perfect	place	good	atmosphere	great	food	amazing			amazing food ! perfect service ! great atmosphere ! this place is as good as it gets !
2			deserts	generous	experience	bad	food	good	manager	great	server	rude	food	amazing			bad experience with a very rude server . manager was great and offered to take one of the entrees off the meal then offered us a round of deserts which was very generous but it still ended up being very expensive for a less than pleasurable experience . food was really good but not amazing like we heard . kudos to the manager but when you still pay $ 300 for a bad experience i have to give them a 1 .
2			dinner	best	end	high	feel	perfect	dishes	best	bill	reasonable	service	amazing	path	beaten	i	glad	fact	like	everything	amazing			this was , by far , the best dinner that we had in vegas during our last trip . the feel of the restaurant is perfect . i really liked the fact that it was off the beaten path a little and wasn ' t in the middle of a casino . i actually forgot that i was in vegas and not back home in san francisco . everything that we ordered was amazing . my fiancee ordered the steak frites , and our waiter , who offered amazing service , convinced me to get the trout . i ' m so glad i did because it was one of the best fish dishes i ' ve ever had . to top it off , the bill was totally reasonable for a high end restaurant . less than what we spent at nobu and mesa grill which were both so so . can ' t wait to go back !
2			outside	ok	mussels	awesome	cheese	good	blanc	amazing			have only been for brunch on sundays . but i think they do it best . service is 5 star , food is 5 star . seating inside and out , although outside in summer can be okay as the sun doesn ' t hit their seating until about 1 2 . mussels are awesome , oeuf and boudin blanc is amazing . good cheese selection and seafood selection . wine and drink selection also suits all . if brunch is a must for you , this is the top of the list .
2			sauce	slight	lamb	good	texture	perfect	it	amazing	it	like	salt	slight	madame	amazing	service	awesome	bass	good	madame	great	gras	good	decor	great	chicken	tender	lamb	amazing			great decor and experience at the bouchon each time i ' ve been here . great for brunch which is why most people go here but also great for dinner croque madame is amazing for brunch for dinner . sea bass was good except the sauce was slight on the salter side the chicken was super tender and the sauce complimented well the lamb was pretty good and amazing ! texture was just perfect foie gras in a jar was good it was tasty and paired well with the slight salt . but i actually really liked it with jam it off setted some of the saltiness awesome service ! aaron pana manager and our server danny surprised our bride to be with a a box of macaroons . she really wanted them so the manager walked over to the bakery and got some macaroons it was amazing with our coffee
1			things	gross	duck	tough	sauce	thick	reviews	great	sauce	nice	things	good	things	amazing	duck	overcooked	service	great	food	amazing	cake	gross	meal	wonderful	things	bad			so for my birthday i wanted to sit out by the bellagio fountains , so we chose to eat at here . i had read all these great reviews and heard good things , so i figured the food would be amazing . not the case . good things the service was amazing the cocktails were exquisite especially the life is fresh the bread basket before the meal was wonderful the chocolate cake and panna cotta bad things every entree was gross i can ' t think of another word the scallops were covered in a weird , thick brown sauce that ruined the dish the sea bass tasted like water the duck was overcooked and tough i think the view is nice , and the service is great , but i wouldn ' t go back except for cocktails and desserts .
2			food	amazing			amazing japanese food . expensive , but worth it for the freshness , variety , atmosphere and service , make sure to book well in advance .
2			i	impressed no	ads	great	they	ok	it	great	it	bad no			i went here with a friend while visiting madison . their burgers look great online and in ads . i thought they were just ok . i wasn ' t impressed . it wasn ' t bad but not all that great either . culver ' s has a better burger if you ask me .
1			it	fun	music	weird	friends	pure	place	fun no	it	pure	mob	big	she	famous	night	crowded	adults	awkward no	things	good	it	empty	drinks	expensive	eve	new	opium	old	it	hard	it	crowded no	i	disappointed	experience	lame	what	suck	folks	called	it	crowded	place	packed	part	sad	coincidence	weird	adults	old no	picture	strange	instinct	right	club	open no	it	bad			this place was not fun . we got on the guestlist to ensure that we a group of 5 girls wouldn ' t have to pay a cover . we waited in the all girls line which they have on sporadic nights . this one was a saturday for about 30 minutes since the club wasn ' t even open yet , and then got in pretty easily . the sad part was , we got in and felt like turning back around out the door . it was kinda empty , a lot of old and awkward adults not really a crowd for 21 year olds , and worst of all . . the music succkkeddd ! they played some weird ass techno music that i could ' ve done the robot to . we thought maybe it would get better , but nope . it was just bad the entire time we were there , sadly dancing in the corner of the dance floor . dude , they played the boy is mine . yes , the song by monica and brandy . really ? do people dance to that music ? sooo awkward . my girls and i left after like 20 minutes . we sat at some slots , which i actually won at ! haha . so i guess that was a plus . and then some girl came up to us and asked if we would like to go to the old opium , which i guess is called poetry now . anyway , that ' s an entirely different review , but it was fun there and better than pure . so just know that . i ' ve heard good things about pure from friends so i ' m disappointed that our experience was lame . oh well . edit 1 20 08 : okay well i just went to vegas again for new years ! and i had to come back and add onto this review . this time around , we went to pure on january 1st . i kinda figured it might be crowded since it was the day after new years eve , but then again i also thought maybe it ' d be not so crowded since everyone probably left town already . welp ! my first instinct was right . that place was sooo packed . i went with 5 girls again weird coincidence , they were all different girls from last time , and so we got in for free . what sucked was how disorganized the line was for so called guestlist folks . it was just this big ass mob around the door with people fighting to get the attention of any bouncer they could . anyhoooo . we got in and it was hard to even walk around . drinks were expensive but what ' s new in vegas , but the music this night was crackin . paris hilton showed up and everyone turned into strange picture taking robots with cameras permanently focused on the vip area where she was dancing all silly . uh , it ' s just paris hilton . i understand if you want a shot or two of her since she ' s kinda famous and stuff , but really . folks were taking pictures for like 45 minutes straight . give your arm and the people trying to dance around you a break . overall the place was better than the first time i went . still not great , but better . on a less crowded night with the same music hip hop mainstream danceable music , i ' d be down to go again . for free .
1			experience	enjoyable	people	aged	club	worst			the worst club ever in vegas ! ! ! the crowd was filled with middle aged people and the music they played i couldn ' t dance to or get into smh . the drinks and watching the crowd that couldn ' t dance made the experience more enjoyable .
1			people	bad			they treat people very bad . this is everything i hate about a night club ? you have to work very hard to do this bad .
2			fun	good	beer	like no	one	triple	people	like no	beer	themed	food	good	shop	nice	you	allergic	thing	best	you	lucky	pretzels	big	selection	nice	people	crazy	place	great	tables	long	beer	fun	beer	loud	margin	wide	tables	communal	twist	little	group	traditional	assortment	wonderful	animals	stuffed	people	loud	shots	normal	server	awesome			pros a fun , loud and german themed beer hall or haus . very fun and lively with lots of stuff going on . this being a beer hall , it has the traditional group or communal long tables , so no sitting all alone , you are with a lot of other people . if you are lucky you will get to dance to the chicken dance and get to sing the star spangled banner as well as other beer haus and polka favorites as well . as for the beer , it was rated very good from my friends they all drank . i don ' t typically drink so i am the designated driver where ever we go . they also have shots of alcohol , which is normal , but the little twist they have here , is that you get some corporal punishment with every shot . you get walloped in the behind , kiester , bottom , rump , ass , heiny , you pick your word for glutimus maximus ! all in good fun , but make sure that you are conditioned for the hit , our server emily was awesome . she hit with authority , she will leave you a mark you can count on seeing for the next couple hours . the food was good , a nice selection of meat and potatoes . big pretzels and a wonderful assortment of dipping mustards for it . there were even some desserts . we opted for the triple plate one , with a strawberry cream , apple strudel , and some chocolate cake . out of the three , the strawberry thing was the best , by a wide margin . they also have a nice gift shop in the front , where you can buy all sorts of souvenirs , shirts , aprons , hats , bags , beer , stuffed animals , and the like . this is vegas you know . cons if you are allergic to fun don ' t come . if you don ' t like loud , boisterous and crazy people , don ' t come . if you are allergic to crowds and strangers who will be all around you don ' t come . if you don ' t like beer don ' t come either . all in all a great place to have a good time ! i ' m coming back in november .
1			food	prepared	food	delicious	potato	sweet	burger	dry	tasted	good	fries	ok	bun	stale	cheese	worst			wtf this place has really gone downhill . i ate here twice last week and neither time was impressive . meal one : my turkey burger was so dry and yucky that i only ate the avocado off the top . the burger was like hockey puck . the bun was a little stale . the fries were okay . the waitress did not notice my disdain . meal two : seriously the worst grilled cheese panini i ever had . the sweet potato fries were okay but didn ' t hold a candle to fez fries . i do like purse hooks at the bar . i remember a time when delux served delicious food that was well prepared and um . . actually tasted good . now two sucky sandwiches later i long for the yesteryear of delux . even the a la care fries lost their charm . step it up delux you are losing me !
2			mix	delicious	meal	amazing	spot	creepy	place	gross	mix	crazy	it	bad no			ok the place is gross like really really disgusting but the food including the cookie that comes with the meal is amazing ! ! ! it ' s a crazy mix , a crazy delicious mix don ' t miss out because it ' s in a creepy spot just make sure u park your car close to the window and lock your doors : it ' s not really that bad !
1			machaca	decent	food	mediocre	rice	horrible			the front counter girl rolled her eyes when i asked her what came with the combo . that set the mood for the rest of the experience . food was mediocre at best . ordered the red jade chicken , nor sure what we ended up with . pork rice was horrible , machaca was decent . all in all , the place was not worth the $ 22 . 00 spent on 2 meals .
1			buffet	cheap	everything	bad			when the fish tastes like ham there is something wrong . i would compare this to a cheap $ 5 buffet that costs $ 20 per plate . we are trying to get our money back right now , everything is bad . hope i don ' t get sick .
1			buffet	regular	experience	bad			let s start with the food , not much of a variety , like any regular buffet but you have to pay $ 35 for it ! ! waiting time was almost for one hour standing on my feet ! ! don t throw your money on it while you can go to bacchanal buffet at caesars and enjoy every bite for the same money . bad experience .
1			buffets	worst	sauce	fake	day	bad			its my pet peeve when buffets have a label that says eggs benedict excuse me planet hollywood but those were more like mcdonalds egg mcfuffin with fake hollandaise sauce ! ! the eggs were no where near poached ok so besides that irritating me , i must say , this has been one of the worst buffets i ' ve tried in vegas . save that $ 15 . go to the m resort for $ 10 instead or try the wynn for breakfast . they are so much better . i must have came in on bad day . but it was monday for breakfast and the employees took an incredibly long time to refill the stations . so long that when i left 30 minutes later , it still wasnt refilled . so there goes the pastry station for me . everything else just seemed so watered down or over cooked not worth my money . will not be returning to this buffet or casino ! reviewing the casino next !
1			quality	suck	buffet	worst			worst buffet ever ! never again . quality sucks , service too !
1			buffets	like no	voters	elderly	it	amazing	food	bland	it	horrible			voted #1 buffet for 6 years and it was in the hotel we were at for a conference . why not ? my husband and i don ' t normally like buffets but we decided to give it a shot . for the some 30 dollars a person it should ' ve been amazing , but it was horrible . i don ' t think either of us found anything we liked at all except for the desert . the food was beyond bland . the voters who rated it number one must have been the elderly who hate seasoning !
1			buffet	worst			i was there during the 4th of july weekend , worst buffet in las vegas , $ 40 . 00 pp , drinks are extra .
1			you	horrible	floors	many	booze	horrible			crowded , mashups , girls all wearing the same clothes , horrible booze like poison you horrible , $ 12 drinks , $ 450 bottles . not my scene but the club was pretty well appointed . many floors . might be someone else ' s idea of a fun night , but it definitely wasn ' t mine .
2			clubbing	awesome			seriously , if you want to have an awesome time clubbing do not go here ! way toooooo over crowed !
2			staff	friendly	food	great	surf	awesome	turf	awesome			great food . the surf and turf was awesome the steak was mouth watering . the staff was very friendly and courtesy .
2			part	disappointing	staff	interested no	it	amazing			it was amazing how bad the service we received at the sw steakhouse was . we had a party of six , and waited over an hour for our entrees . members of our group never received drinks that were ordered . our service staff was disinterested in us and how our experience was . by far the most disappointing part of our vegas trip . we will not be returning to sw .
1			he	rude	experience	bad			i went to ghost bar with my wife recently and will never set foot in the place again ! the bar itself does not live up to the hype it gets . the experience was bad from the start with the guy working the entrance before you enter the elevators . he was extremely rude and had absolutely no manners . never again , plenty of other places in vegas to go ! !
1			shows	best	i	disappointed	seats	bad			i fell asleep during o . i know , i know . it ' s supposed to be one of the best shows in vegas , but i just couldn ' t get into it . i thought they relied too much on stage design , and very little on story and the wow factor . overall , i thought the water element was too gimmicky , and in the end , worked against the show . i saw ka last winter and thought it was absolutely mind blowing , so i was expecting o to be along the same lines in terms of production . i was really disappointed with o . anyway , like some others have said , there really are few bad seats in the house . i could see the front rows and the seats along the sides of the theater having obstructed views . we were seating on the first balcony loggia , right , in the first and only row , so our view was pretty spot on . so , if you ' re planning on seeing o , i would recommend checking your expectations at the door . hopefully , you won ' t fall asleep too ! :
1			show	good	me	excited	$	worst			i have to say this is the worst $ 150 we spent in our entire life . the show may be good in early 2000s , but can ' t make me excited in 2013 . any circus show on asian tv programs may be better than this . sorry i just don ' t get it .
2			review	amazing	zumanity	amazing	theater	stunning	avatars	little	looks	promising	review	short	o	amazing			ka blah ! ! ! 2 stars for the theater , sets , athletic effort of the performers . underwhelming in every other way . i would skip this cirque show and see any other one is the short review i ' ve seen o and zumanity which were amazing you walk into a visually stunning theater with platforms all around , fire balls coming up from beneath the stage and speakers in the seats . it looks very promising but completely falls flat . they need to go back to the drawing board with the final battle scene it ! s a 10 minute blurry video yes a video of little avatars . at a cirque show ! ! if you ' ve never seen a cirque show maybe you would enjoy it . didn ' t do it for myself and the orhers in the group . kind of a rip off .
1			i	sad	i	impressed	minutes	good	waste	complete	it	horrible	mistake	worst			i go on yelp to look up reviews but never rate anything . i don ' t care enough to take the time until now . i ' ve wanted to see ka for a couple years now and was always impressed by what i saw online . worst mistake ever ! i actually kept asking my husband if we could leave during the show . it was horrible . 5 good minutes when they came out with the wheel and the 2 guys killed it ! the other hour was a complete waste of my valuable vegas time & money ! i was so sad that i picked that as my annv gift to my hubby . don ' t go !
2			it	love	service	wonderful	restaurant	recommend	it	amazing			loved it ! ! ! seafood is my favorite . had the kitchen sink and it was amazing . service was wonderful . i would recommend this restaurant to my family and friends .
2			food	love	it	affordable	horchata	huge	i	disappointed	value	good	taco	good	spanish	tricky	horchata	large	seem	awesome			i don ' t speak spanish which can be tricky because their menu is in spanish . none the less after some confusion i can usually get an order in . i love their food ! and it ' s quite affordable . all the bakery good are less than 2 bucks usually . yes the torta ' s ad cemitas similar to a torta on a sesame covered bread are 10 some bucks but for me are at least 2 meals so again a good value . their large horchata is huge , and can be a meal by itself . their taco ' s are good , and so are the tamales . overall i am never disappointed here . go here experience something new . check out the grocery store attached . get a sandwich , horchata and a bakery item and life for a moment will seem awesome .
1			seafood	weak	selection	limited	buffet	worst			this is the worst buffet of the major hotels that i have been to in vegas . critiques : very limited food selection no food cooked to order weak seafood what buffet doesn ' t remove shells from the shrimp ? pastries were hard and clearly made in bulk few fruits
1			amount	full	he	smart	experience	horrible			this review isn ' t about the food . basically after our meal , we paid partially cash and the rest was on my card . let ' s just say someone charged the full amount of my card around $ 90 even though i know i signed a credit card receipt for $ 30 something dollars . clearly the waiter felt that he was smart enough to steal from me ! ugh ! luckily i did get my money back , but honestly for all the trouble i went through , they should have picked up the whole bill . management did help me through this , but no one really bothered to make up for this horrible experience .
1			food	ok	service	poor	service	bad			worse service ever . we were the only customers seated in the back area since we were 5 in the group . the waiters and waitresses never check on us if we needed something and every time we needed more bread or water we had to call one of them . when we were done eating , nobody check on us if we needed dessert or more food . the service was so bad that we had to ask a waitress where to get our bill to pay for our food . we should not have given them any tip but still gave them 10 % in gratuities just for the food . food was okay except for the poor customer service .
2			waterfall	beautiful	buzz	good	air	fresh	drinks	strong	night	amazing			thank you tryst for making my first vegas club experience an unforgettable one . the beautiful waterfall offers an ambiance of both an indoor and outdoor setting with a whiff of fresh air when you need it without actually stepping out . whoever came up with this idea . . you rock ! the drinks were strong enough to give me a good buzz , probably because it was my birthday weekend so the drinks kept coming and the buzz kept going ! cheers to another amazing night in vegas !
1			staff	friendly no	food	sweet	tasted	sweet	food	horrible			unfriendly staff and horrible sweet mexican food . ordered a green chile burrito but tasted so sweet , thought i was having dessert . won ' t go back .
2			bottles	many	sake	chilled	food	great no	sake	awesome			the food wasn ' t great but the chilled sake was awesome . why wouldn ' t it be ? my mom and i downed a few too many bottles of sake so we ended up napping during most of the o show . very unfortunate . maybe wew ill have dinner after the show next time .
2			it	fun	crowd	good	night	perfect	goblets	huge	outbursts	random	bartenders	friendly	view	love	drinks	bad no	i	shocked	debates	friendly	he	awesome			with 4 guys from the 808 , we took over the voo doo roof top lounge club . we had a lot of fun . we were stacking shots of patron and jameson one on top of the other . the bartenders were all super friendly and didn ' t mind our random outbursts of laughter . we ever got into friendly debates with one another over nfl teams and what not . it was like talking to friends at a bar , one where you might become a regular . the amf ' s were flowing like mad and there wasn ' t a soul not willing to slurp it all up . we were having too much fun . i was mesmerized by all the flair that one of the bar tenders had . he was pretty awesome . i have no clue what he was making but that didn ' t matter . it was fun to watch . this spot is on the 51st floor of the hotel . so , i hope you aren ' t afraid of heights . i liked that there wasn ' t that tacky acrylic tile on the floor for you to see through , to the street . i loved the view . you could see all of the strip from up there . awesome . beautiful ! ! ! ! the night was perfect . it wasn ' t windy and there was a good crowd forming up there . everyone was having a good time and you didn ' t have to do bottle service to enjoy huge goblets of drinks , that were actually pretty reasonably priced . 7 drinks at about $ 80 wasn ' t bad . i was actually pretty shocked . i ' d suggest coming here if you ' re looking for a real cool , laid back time . the music was right , 90 ' s and 00 ' s hip hop and only a touch of edm . perfect ! ! come up and check it out ! !
2			you	crowded	it	fun no	food	decent	bars	popular	stopover	nice	i	impressed no	it	crowded	crowd	overwhelming	prices	decent	bottle	great	prices	great no	decor	nice	place	bad no			this is probably one of the most popular bars in shadyside . they have a great wine bottle special , and decent not great prices otherwise . the decor is really nice and posh it kind of makes you want to put on a collared shirt . the food is also decent , though not spectacular . definitely a nice lunch stopover though . the problem with the bar is the crowd at night . i mean it is crowded . it ' s next to impossible to get a drink at the bar or from the wait staff , who are really trying their best but are just overwhelmed with people ! drinks are made ok i wasn ' t overly impressed . i want to like the bar more , but the crowds keep annoying me to the point of wanting to leave . also , the bar is really packed with the douchiest people in shadyside as well , so not only are you crowded into oblivion , but also it ' s like a jersey shore episode in there not fun . overall , it ' s not a bad place . the drinks and such are done ok , bue the crowd is just overwhelming at all times . i ' d go elsewhere if given the option .
1			food	bad	rating	good	they	drunk	food	mediocre	attitude	poor	service	bad			stay away ! bad service , slow , poor attitude through out the staff ! if you are a team leader or manager here , pay attention ! if you work for the palms , run don ' t walk to the gm of this place and shake them awake ! they need help ! food , so , so bad . all three of our entree ' s were barely half eaten . the food is mediocre at best . and it took for . . . ev . . er . the salsa bar , yuck . clean it more than once a day . i wish i had asked for my money back , but my thought is if i had asked to see a manager , i would still be sitting there , waiting for them to show up . my only guess as to why anyone would give a good rating they were drunk from the pool and didn ' t know any better .
2			pizza	amazing	place	best	wine	great	food	great	movie	cheesy	atmosphere	amazing			cibo ' s is easily the best pizza place in the city of phoenix and probably in my top two overall for the valley of the sun the other is in downtown glendale . great food , great wine and an amazing atmosphere , what else could you ask for ? come at the right time of the evening when the white patio x mas lights are on and you ' ll swear your an extra in some cheesy romance movie and you just can ' t see the cameras . winters are even better when the fire pit is roaring . see the other reviews for how amazing the pizza is , i can ' t say anything more then what ' s been already said . haven ' t tried cibo ' s yet ? what are you waiting for , get down there . you won ' t regret it
2			bill	tiny	salads	huge	tea	yummy	salads	amazing			the check in offer just can ' t be beat . my sis and i came in for a lunch together , she ordered the wedge , i wanted to lettuce wraps check in offer , we both had tea . huge amazing salads and yummy tea , teeeny tiny bill , under $ 20 ! !
1			it	cold	pizza	cold	employee	interested no	ordering	online	service	bad			i tried to order online so i could get the $ 5 off an order of more than $ 20 only to discover that their online ordering was down . then i called and asked if they could honor the $ 5 off since their system was down and was informed by their disinterested employee taking my order that she would not be able to do that but could take off the delivery fee after she put me on hold . i placed the order for $ 65 worth of pizza . when we got the pizza it was cold . we live approximately 1 2 mile from mamma mia ' s so i ' m not sure why the pizza was cold . i called to complain and was informed by the same employee that the manager was gone and that he should be in tomorrow but she didn ' t know what time . i have ordered from them before and never experienced such bad service maybe their management should be more involved .
1			waiters	rude	food	overrated	party	large	food	gross	luck	good	food	watery	food	cold	waiters	horrible			this is a shithole . overrated and gross watery cold food . horrible rude waiters who don ' t care about you if you ' re in a large party , because they know they are getting their 18 percent gratuity added in the bill anyways . good luck on getting a martini refill or any apology .
1			tables	full	menu	late	we	mad	experience	horrible			horrible experience ! ! ! we went in around 11pm , when they were only serving their late night menu . we were told to seat ourselves , so we headed to a table right in the middle of the restaurant , next to , two other full tables . we waited 15 minutes , no one came to our table , we watched 3 other servers walk by . after having to go ask someone up front to get our server , finally our server came by and got our order . . with no apology for the wait . we ordered a burger and wings . our burger came out wrong . our server never came back to check on us . . so we pushed the burger to the edge of the table . finally another 20 minutes later , he came by and asked how things were . . after we told him everything that we were mad about , he never apologized or asked if he could do anything to fix it . just said he would comp our bill , and walked away ! ! !
1			looked	interesting	option	excellent	service	pathetic	bisque	lukewarm	tip	pathetic	entree	main	bowl	large	service	long	taste	odd	felt	bad			we will not be coming back here . we were given a groupon 20 for 40 from a friend & thought we would try it . the menu online looked interesting . so we made reservations . when we got there there are no instructions that guests with reservations don ' t have to wait in the line . oh we ' ll no biggie . well we were seated and pretty much ignored us for 15 minutes . we ordered drinks finally & that was the last time we were provided anything to drink . at the 30 minute mark we got the appetizers . the lukewarm lobster bisque had no lobster at all & 2 ravioli at the bottom of a fairly large bowl . the ceasar salad was one half of a heart of romaine lettuce cut all the way down the middle including the core yuck . we had to cut that off & then cut up the ' salad ' to make it eatable . 45 55 minutes into the meal we get the veal we ordered as the main entree & unfortunately it had an odd taste to it so i couldn ' t finish mine . the waiter took another 10 15 minutes to even ask how the meal was mind you we haven ' t had anything to drink in a while either and he gave me just enough time to nod but little else . 10 more minutes he comes flying by us and we asked for the tab but he didn ' t acknowledge us . however 8 more minutes & he came with the tab & mentioned our groupon discount dropped off the box . we packed up like lightening and left a pathetic tip for pathetic service . i felt bad because i know how much the tips mean but i hardly saw this guy . the service was way too long , no refills on our drinks , and even the gm looked right at us as we were getting more & more frustrated with the service and never once came over . i can honestly see no reason to go back to this place as the service was 1 star , the quality was 2 stars and nothing on the menu seemed really stand out that you couldn ' t get a more excellent option elsewhere .
2			food	tasty	recipes	amazing			i visited this place today for the first time in 15 years . i have to say : they still have all of those amazing recipes and flavors . now that i ' m back in town it will certainly be a restaurant that i visit frequently . seriously tasty food !
2			bros	super	school	old	place	amazing			amazing place to hang out if you don ' t want to deal with the crowd and smoking at circus circus . all sorts of old school arcade games : donkey kong , tron , super mario bros , paper boy , punch out , pacman , q bert , tetris , bust a move table hockey pinballs ! . this place has over 70 pinball machines ! : avatar , star trek , csi , spiderman , terminator , south park , kiss , bugs bunny , indian jones i think everyone should come here at least once
2			bit	little	place	awesome			i ' ll be back . i can only give it 4 stars because we only had one item from here . my review might change upon a revisit . awesome place to get some sugar in you and people watch for a little bit . had the mousse .
1			staple	great	it	impressive	favorites	personal	thing	bad	rib	crusted	selection	great	minute	quick	variety	wide	rib	prime	it	horrible			the buffet at wynn continues to impress ! how have i not reviewed this place yet ? ! spread the news this is the buffet to experience if you ' re only going to one in vegas ! that ' s why there ' s always a line , right ? a quick 25 minute wait for a recent weekend brunch around noon , $ 31 . 95 later , and we are in ! great selection of a wide variety of foods . some of my personal favorites from this last trip : congee with taiwanese donut fritters first time i ' ve seen that at a buffet outside of an asian one ! steamed bbq pork buns butternut squash risotto with cherries peppercorn crusted bacon prime rib always a great buffet staple missed out on the crab legs that they only bring out after 3 : 30p and you can ' t forget the one whole room dedicated to more than 20 dessert options ! ! make sure you save room to try one of everything ! i only had enough room in the belly for 6 options love that they have gelato too one of each flavor please ! ps do not get the red velvet cupcake , it ' s horrible ! the only bad thing i ' ll say about this place what impressed me most is , despite the hype , it continues to be impressive year after year . hopefully it stays that way until my next trip !
1			food	average	taste	good no	disappointment	big	corral	golden	price	expensive	service	bad			big disappointment . i was expecting quality food . the food was average . variety is not . service was bad . even the dessert did not taste good for us . price was very expensive . i would have rather gone to golden corral a bit exaggerated but given difference in prices , i would .
1			restaurant	decent	bread	flat	mistake	big	experiences	bad	atmosphere	horrible	groups	large	he	sorry	group	big	potatoes	small	sound	loud	spinach	small	service	worst	fixing	serious	dishes	mashed	manager	general	course	main	service	bad			i arranged to have my company ' s holiday dinner at fix . what a big mistake it was . we had a big group of over 30 people , they arranged to have us sit in round tables joined together , some had 4 people , others had 5 or 6 people . while the food was sub par at best , the service was the worst i have ever experienced . it started during appetizer when each plate had 4 pieces of flat bread . the servers didn ' t bother to make sure that tables with 5 or 6 people had enough for everyone , so i had to flag them down to ask . when the main course was served , the steak came before the steak sauce , and some tables were missing steak sauce . as the host , i was expecting the waiters and waitresses to take care of making sure my guests were well taken care of . instead , i had to run from table to table to make sure everyone had enough sauce . needless to say , this wasn ' t the only problem . the side dishes mashed potatoes and cream spinach were so small i manage to get 1 teaspoon of it , and there was hardly enough for my table of 4 . i had to complain , and the waitress brought out 1 extra side for my entire party . the same thing happened at dessert . some tables got their doughnut desserts , other ' s did not . i had to run around again , bringing extra desserts from one table to another . after complaining to the waitress that i want to speak to the manager , it took an employee of mine to finally get the assistant general manager to come over to talk to me . in any decent restaurant , my experience would have resulted in a discount , a reduction in service fees , or at least some sort of compensation to make up for the bad service , but all i heard from him was he was sorry . i will never host another group event at any of the mgm properties or restaurant again because of this bad experiences . fix needs some serious fixing . the manager should be fired for the inability to supervise , and the servers need much more training . the food is over priced , and for the $ 600+ in gratuities they charged me compulsory for large groups , i was expecting far better service than this . the atmosphere was horrible . you can smell cigarette smoke coming in from the casino , and the sound was so loud i couldn ' t hear anything the person sitting across from me was saying without them having to shout . avoid this restaurant for large groups !
2			it	moist	hotel	fabulous	feels	warm	restaurant	elegant	day	long	it	quirky	vegetables	seasonal	course	main	servers	nice	night	warm	restaurant	love	looked	good	we	hungry	menu	great	girls	hungry	folks	aged	it	beautiful	size	generous	they	busy	show	fun	it	strange	cru	recommend	we	full	it	delicious	slices	thin	entertainment	awesome			i absolutely loved this restaurant . my dining experience here was so close to perfection . we had our first dinner here , and after a long day of travel , we were hungry and you don ' t want to mess with six hungry asian girls . if it ' s a warm night , make sure to get a table on the terrace . it is so beautiful and the water show is so much fun . it ' s a little strange and quirky , but after a few drinks , it is awesome entertainment . there was a table full of middle aged folks next to us , and at one point , a couple got up and started dancing in the dining area . our dinner had turned into a party : this restaurant is elegant , and feels warm when you walk in . the servers were very nice , but they are so busy . it took them a while to get to our order , the the food came out fast after we did get the server . great cocktail menu , even better dinner menu . i highly recommend the hamachi cru it is thin slices of yellowtail with an avocado puree , orange slices with thin slices of a baguette . the portion size is pretty generous , and it is absolutely delicious . for the main course , i had the pancetta wrapped halibut . it was very flavorful , moist and cooked perfectly . it came in a green pea puree with other seasonal vegetables . we were too full for dessert , but the menu looked so good . also , the wynn looks like a fabulous hotel . . i ' ll have to stay there on my next trip :
1			show	impressive no	drummers	decent	show	worst			you there ! yes you reading this review , you can be in the blue man group ! just grab a couple friends and some blue paint , throw it on yourselves and then look to the left and look to the right in unison . congratulations , you are now in the blue man group ! really this is not a very impressive show . these blue men are decent drummers , but have no talent otherwise , and the show becomes very boring as they desperately attempt to camoflauge their lack of talent . save up your coins and go see cirque du soleil instead , it costs about the same and even their worst show is light years better than this .
2			it	small	service	slow	it	slow	drinks	weak	view	nice	pace	amazing			i ordered mongolian beef at a 10 party table . service was really slow , although the water was getting refilled at an amazing pace . a couple people ordered the all you can eat sushi for $ 20 and it was quite small and took a while . the check came and we couldn ' t wait to get out , it was really slow . drinks were weak , according to some . had a nice view of the bellagio water show since we sat outside , though . we saw like 6 water shows
2			waffles	amazing	everything	recommend	fries	heavenly	breakfast	good	chicken	amazing			expensive and delicious . if i ' m shelling out a lot of money i expect the service and quality that goes along with it . and man , was that a damn good breakfast . chicken and waffles were amazing , truffle parmesan fries were heavenly . this was my first time at the wynn , and the first time i actually enjoyed vegas ! everything is made in house , and you can tell . i absolutely recommend everything about this restaurant , including the hotel it is in !
2			table	huge	friends	best	group	big	quality	great no	she	rude	he	awesome			five stars to the waiter busboy fransisco , he was awesome . was not happy with the service from the host . she was very rude and would not sit a party of 15 down together . we had all payed for our dinners in families already and when the host asked us our party number she said that we had to pay extra gratuity . that would of been completely ok but the part that irritated all of us was that they still would not sit us all together . oh and by the way it was dinner for my best friends 21st birthday and that big group of 15 people that wanted to sit with her to celebrate her birthday was her family . on top of that there was a whole area that was not being used with a huge table that would fit us all . it was not until we got settled down that fransisco came to the recuse and brought us all together to enjoy our meal together . as far as the food , mehhh quality is not that great .
2			bread	love	pick	awesome			i love panera bread . never disappointed when i come here . quick and easy . the pick two is awesome !
2			notch	top	food	consistent	influences	amazing	restaurant	great	atmosphere	amazing			i have eten at sierra bonita several times . the food is always consistent , and some of the best eating in phoenix . the atmosphere is amazing and service is always top notch . sb has figured out how to be a great neighborhood restaurant with world class food . the style is southwestern with mexico city influences truly amazing .
1			today	impressive	show	best	moment	amazing	review	honest	feel	free	luck	good	spaces	tight	school	high	arrangements	close	it	cheesy	play	bad			this show was supposed to be best show in las vegas 2012 . but i do not feel it lived up to the hype . let me give you an honest review of this show . starting off with the seating arrangements which are extremely close together . i ' m only 5 ' 3 and when i sat down my legs where only max 1 inch from the seat in front of me . the guy sitting behind me was obviously larger and kept hitting my seat during the show which was not any fault of his just really tight spaces . if i had to describe the show in one word it would have to be cheesy . not anywhere close to what i was expecting . there was one water scene where the performer was just throwing himself on the ground and acting like he is playfully splashing in the water , looked like an adult throwing a tantrum in a puddle . every act had performers flying up , down and around in the air by wires , reminded me of a bad high school play were you could see superman ' s wires wasn ' t impressive back then guess what still not impressive today . if you like watching people dance in the rain and splashing around in puddles for 1 1 2 hours this is the show for you . but , if your looking for that amazing moment that just takes your breathe away and keeps you talking to people about it for days or weeks this is not the show for you . i wish i could get my money and most of all our time we wasted back from watching this show . if you don ' t believe my review feel free to spend a minimum of $ 311 . 00 for two tickets . if you want leg room you ' ll have to purchase the vip tickets which are $ 180 . 00 per ticket ! ! . good luck
2			show	favorite	show	beautiful	life	real	it	worth	view	good	props	biggest	moves	amazing			le re ' ve is probably my favorite show in vegas . the view is good no matter where you sit , and the whole show is breathtakingly beautiful . there is a circular stage in the middle immersed in water , and the audience sits around the stage . the performers enter and exit from the water and the ceiling , and the moves the pull off are simply amazing ! biggest props are definitely to whoever choreographed designed the show . they definitely went all out with their imagination but were still able to create it in real life . this show is definitely on the pricier side , but , as cliche as it sounds , it ' s worth every penny .
2			meal	bad	entrees	delicious	them	love	desserts	amazing			my family is belgian and we have eaten here several times . my mother and grandmother are natives of the flemish side . we have never had a bad meal ; the desserts are absolutely amazing , and the entrees are always delicious . i don ' t eat mussels , but my mom loves them .
1			buffets	best	lists	top	choices	many	i	embarrassed no	food	ok	selection	big	buffets	love	i	big no	selection	huge	experience	bad	notch	top	sign	bad			i am not embarrassed to say i love buffets . i am , however , embarrassed to write the review of this one . i saw this buffet on a few top ten lists , all of which praised it for being far more affordable than the other top notch vegas buffets . my experience was laughably bad . first , it ' s only $ 10 cheaper than some of the best buffets in vegas bellagio may be my fave at $ 27 , and the experience is night and day . much of the food was mislabeled or had no name cards at all , and when i ' d mention that fact to the cooks behind the counter , they literally shrugged . i asked to move to a table near an outlet so i could charge my phone , and the waiter told me no one will help you there , so i sat 15 feet from where they sat me he walked past me 10 times and never got me a drink or said another word to me . the food was just ok . not as big a selection as the rio or wynn , and while i ' m not big on shellfish and sea food , i ' d say that was the strength of this buffet . the dessert selection was huge , but much lower quality than any of the top notch buffets . i ended up eating a make your own fajita , which is a bad sign . there are so many better choices , avoid this one .
2			pastries	various	buffet	inspired	brulee	creme	dishes	exotic	dessert	bad no			nothing really to write home about here i think this is a french inspired buffet oh gee , who would have guessed ? that does a variety of things including pastas , meats , potatoes , and exotic vegetable dishes , none whose name i can remember . oh , and you have to peel your own shrimp for the shrimp cocktail . dessert wasn ' t bad though , with ice cream , creme brulee , eclairs , and various other pastries . i probably won ' t be going back , and will just direct my party to the better buffets and restaurants around .
1			you	serious	something	decent	food	terrible	rib	prime no	i	disappointed	ones	new	part	worst no	service	bad			looks like this place has been going down the drain recently ! ! ! i came here based on recommendations from friends . boy , was i disappointed . you can ' t deny the quantity of food . there was plenty . quality : now that ' s another issue . everything i ate was room temperature . pasta . room temperature . meat . room temperature . soup . room temperature . there was no flavor in the food . very disappointing . now , even though the food was terrible , it was not the worst part ! the service was horrid . never in my life i thought to be treated this way . it started innocently by asking for a bowl for my soup . i rudely heard ask your server . i don ' t want to ask my server . i am asking you . then , i went to get some not prime rib . after slicing my piece , the not attendant literally threw the meat into my plate . are you serious i thought . but , we were just getting started . we have been in the restaurant for about 30 minutes , coming and going , trying to find something decent to eat . since my utensils got dirty , i asked the server for some new ones . nothing . i asked again . nothing . i asked another person . nothing . one more time . nothing . finally , i got up to get my own silverware . than i hear i need to see your receipt . i thought he was talking to someone else . nope , he was directing his question to me . i explained i have been here for a while and don ' t you remember my handsome face . no he replied . anyway , i ignored him , got my fork and went back to suffer from the food on my plate . please , don ' t make the mistake my friends and i made . do not come here . don ' t even think about coming here . unless of course , you want to laugh at terrible food and bad service .
1			tasted	spoiled	food	bad	noooo	terrible	$	dumb	food	bland	experience	bad	menu	horrible	views	terrible	plate	empty	yr	old	we	worst			oh noooo oh noooo . terrible terrible . let ' s start with the 1 hour and a half 1 : 30 wait , once me , wife and 1 & 3 yr old made it in we were in for the worst of this experience . oh and don ' t forget if your kids can open their eyes and say bah bah they ' re in for $ 19 . 95 each . so with a groupon for me and my wife and a dumb $ 3 . 95 bottle of wine which i still have laying around the house somewhere , did i mention my 1 yr old and 3 yr have to pay $ 19 . 95 each ? that was only part of the bad experience once in we didn ' t know what to eat because there ' s nothing edible to eat . the menu is horrible i tried 5 times to go around the buffet and everytime i will come back to the table with an empty plate no matter how hard i tried , i will pick up one item out of frustation and back to the table , the crepes nothing to brag about i didn ' t even eat it all tried two different ones both unfortunately had to go to waste the fruit tasted spoiled like it had been sitting out like a week . thankfully the groupon save me a couple of dollars otherwise i swear i would have somehow someway ask for a refund at the cost . i feel bad throwing food away that ' s why i didn ' t fill up my plate cause i know that ' s what i would end up doing but for some reason i managed to control my frustation and disappointment but now that i ' m back at home i feel like i should have done just that one plate at a time just dump all of it away i would have save hundredths of people the terrible views of the bland , tasteless , old , hard overcooked food . i ' m hoping this happen cause it was during christmas holidays and workers were hating everything about work on those days but i ' m not going back to find out if that ' s what it was . oh no not me not ever stepping back in there and lord have mercy on those who still go there after they read this review .
1			reviews	bad	food	bad	somebody	new	service	good	day	bad			i never wanted to be one of those people that give bad reviews but i just had to . maybe it ' s because i grew up in california and have had better pho ' s , but this place was no pho . i don ' t know if i came at a bad day or somebody was new but food was bad . no good service can compensate for the food . that ' s how horrible it was . don ' t get the rice plates ! stick with the pho . i didn ' t try their appetizers but maybe that would be better .
1			staff	snotty	temp	high	places	great	bbq	average	tasted	old	beers	local	pork	pulled	sides	bad			this place has gotten too big for their own britches . can ' t tell you how many people told us we had to go here while in charlotte . what a disappointment . the wait staff is dismissive and snotty . the food is average bbq . i had the ribs . the temp in the smoker was too high and the ribs were not left in long enough . this produces two problems . first , the outside of the ribs were scorched and had an ash taste . second , the ribs were carrying too much fat that had not cooked down . my wife ' s pulled pork was almost without flavor . the sides were actually bad and tasted old . on top of that , mac ' s serves a variety of local beers . when we asked if we could have a sample of two , we were told that we would be charged ! i have never heard of that and have not seen that as the norm while here in charlotte . this place may have all the locals fooled , but don ' t get sucked in . lots of other great places in charlotte that actually want your business .
2			girl	crazy	walls	thin	conversations	interesting	girl	awesome	envy	small	atmosphere	fun	bites	small	bar	little	food	good	atmosphere	key	night	late	walk	interesting	place	bad no			booked two nights here in june . upon arrival , i was pleasantly surpirsed . i should have known that it would be downhill from there rooms : small but comfortable ; overheard some pretty interesting conversations plus one star for the freaky couple in the next room through the paper thin walls . location : personally , i did not think that the hotel was as close to the strip as everyone made it out to be . walking 1 2 an hour to 45 minutes in 100+ degree weather to get to the wynn was just not fun . it was an especially interesting walk at night we will just leave it at that . pool : small and crowded . skipped it ! dining bar : the food at the small restaraunt envy i think it was called was actually good but then again , we only had small bites , appetizers , and booze . [note : the french fries are served on a plate the size of my coffee table] . late night bar atmosphere was low key and fun , but then again , that could have been due the crazy and awesome girl i met from oakland there . i digress . the little coffee bar near the parking garage should , on the other hand , be closed down . i ' ve made better breakfast paninis in my college dormroom . i want my $ 20 back . final thought : i guess it is not a bad place to just crash , but nothing more . personally , i ditched this place after one night and booked the vdara for my final night . best vegas decision yet !
2			food	good	portions	generous no	soup	awesome			really good chinese food . the duck and pork noodle soup is awesome . portions are not that generous so be advised but worth it for chinese hotel strip food .
1			restaurant	clean	smile	ok	service	bad			the manager in the restaurant speak nothing to us and then no smile , the food is ok , the restaurant is clean but a very bad service , i can ' t understand how can u open a restaurant like that and say nothing to your costumer
2			ipad	unique	rib	amazing	choice	great	pieces	shaped	rib	short	ravioli	short	ravioli	yummy	gnocchi	traditional	bit	little	sauce	strong	dishes	favorite	you	full	fettuccine	homemade	calamari	crispy	flavor	like no	bread	perfect	that	like no	meatballs	huge	lover	spicy	kick	perfect	it	awesome	gnocchi	good	sauce	good	it	great	sauce	creamy	everything	love	cream	amazing			located in the mgm hotel . i came here kind of spontaneously with my family . we were starving in the area and some italian sounded good to us . service was descent . wine alcohol options are presented on an ipad , which is unique . overall , it ' s a descent restaurant and i had a pleasurable experience . crispy calamari : it met my calamari standards . a lot of the calamari pieces came in octopus shaped pieces haha . kobe beef meatballs : huge meatballs that we split amongst us . packed with flavor and it was awesome . it came with ciabatta bread that is perfect for dipping into the pomodoro sauce . seafood platter : an appetizer dish that has a little bit of everything . it comes with 4 oysters on a half shell , 4 prawns , half a lobster tail , and ahi tuna tartare . i loved everything . the tuna tartare had a kick to it , which was perfect for a spicy lover like me . fiamma trio of pasta tasting : this dish gives a tasting of three of the chef ' s favorite pasta dishes . i don ' t think you ' ll be full as the picture i took shows the portion size . i would suggest getting the actual dish instead . here were the pastas traditional potato gnocchi : this lobster gnocchi was really good . you can taste the truffle and the gnocchi is made really fresh . i understand its popularity ! it was the only one i think worth ordering of the three . agnolotti : this was beef , veal , and pork ravioli . i didn ' t like the flavor of this at all . i can ' t even tell you what bothered me , but i just didn ' t enjoy it . orecchiette : this was broccoli and spiced sausage with tomatoes and pasta . this was just average and came out just what i expected . raviolini : this was my order of the night and it was great ! usually ravioli entrees come with three or four fat raviolis and you ' re left hungry . this dish came out with a bunch and i left perfectly content . the truffle cream is amazing and the short rib ravioli is really yummy ! homemade fettuccine : this is such a filling plate . the fettuccine is well made and the creamy basil pesto sauce is good . the sauce is quite dominant and strong , so a head ' s up to those who don ' t like that . prawns were big and scattered in the dish . barolo braised short rib : the flavor of the braised short rib was amazing . to me it had a hint of asian seasoning and this is definitely a great choice for those who are craving meat .
1			food	poor	eggs	mediocre	deals	good	excuse	poor	restaurant	closest	eggs	special	specials	cheap	meal	good no	night	late	service	slow	browns	greasy	browns	soggy	service	hard	tasted	horrible			it was 3 am in vegas on a weekday . our hero was drunk beyond belief . our hero was not quite sure where he was . seeing the closest restaurant in the very back of the casino he was in , he approached it to get a meal with some of this friends . after waiting on the list for a while , he was seated in the corner and they all ordered the $ 4 . 99 steak , hash browns , and eggs special . the rib eye steak was a poor excuse for a slab of meat , and even the toast they served was thicker . the eggs were mediocre , and the hash browns were greasy and soggy . even while drunk , it was not a very good meal . after leaving for a minute and sitting down again with another friend for another meal , they waited over 10 minutes without getting service . thinking hard about the combination of poor food and slow service , they got up and left the restaurant , vowing to never return again . pros : their late night meal specials after 11 pm or midnight are very good deals for under $ 6 on the strip . cons : slow service . you have to line up for a while before getting seated . midnight specials may be cheap , but they tasted horrible .
2			sum	dim	prices	good	food	great	sum	awesome			saturday dim sum is awesome ! i eat for lunch duriing the week , great service great food , good prices !
2			price	significant	mark	complete	guy	nice	food	bad no			4 sales douches meet to have dinner . it is vegas so it is to be expected that any meal you consume will come complete with a significant price mark up . the waiter , who was a very nice guy came by and offered their japanese kobe beef . it sounded delicious until he quoted $ 35 per oz . per ounce . that is retarded . i lost the game of credit card roulette and had to foot the $ 335 bill . the food wasn ' t bad but it was overpriced by roughly $ 135 .
1			place	worst	food	alright	mood	bad			worst place ever ! ! ! ! ! the food was alright over priced for the portions they serve however we simply asked at the beginning of the meal to split the bill but no they didn ' t ! ! ! put everyone in a bad mood and ruined our night ! and all the manager could say was sorry . not even an acknowledgement of their mistake ! never again !
2			oysters	great	work	classic	wine	ok	baquettes	wonderful	quail	ok	pairing	overpriced	soup	memorable	champagne	fantastic	broth	amazing			had this twice already both times tried their discovery menu on different seasons . highlights : fois gras ravioli soup was memorable . amazing broth , the mushrooms . . yum . their tiger prawns with cavier is something to just sit and really enjoy in life . they fried this lotus root that went so well with cilantro . another classic work of art . poached oysters were great overall all of their seafood in general is fabulous their baquettes are wonderful as well . other areas : i though the quail was just ok . maybe its a bit over hyped ? the 5 course wine pairing is ok . the brut champagne was fantastic , but it seemed to go dull afterwards . didn ' t care too much for their desserts . overall a must try . i think their wine pairing is a bit overpriced based on their selection of pairings they have for you .
1			they	understaffed	food	adequate	choices	many	service	horrible			food is adequate , some of it is actually pretty good . they have a chinese menu which , sadly , seems to be food brought in prepared by outside suppliers . they were out of many choices . stayed at hotel for seven days for a trade show . service was always horrible . i don ' t know if they are understaffed or don ' t care , but you have to hunt a server down .
2			cupcake	yummy	something	simple	cookie	simple	cupcake	gooey	note	mental	experiences	bad	flavor	tough	bread	amazing			i ' m starting to get concerned that i like this place more in theory than in practice . i ' m hoping i ' ve just had a few bad experiences . that gooey cupcake i first got was super yummy . can ' t remember what i got last time , even though i tried to make a mental note to not get it again . this last time i got a toffee cupcake . too much frosting , too sugar y , too dense , hardly any actual cake and while i could taste sugar i couldn ' t taste any toffee . now i ' ll give ya that toffee is a tough flavor to master , but i ' d trusted her to pull it through . i think next time i ' ll try a cookie or something simple so she can re gain my trust or something in spite of that , she gets bookoo bonus points for this location . it just makes me happy to see it there . and one of these days , i ' m going to try some of that amazing bread
1			melt	good	experience	pleasant no	rib	rubbery	rib	prime	night	bad			i usually rave to friends about the quality of the prime rib at raffles . my recent experience there was not pleasant though . the prime rib was rubbery normally , its melt in your mouth good . i dont know if they reduced the quality of the beef they purchase or maybe it was just a bad night .
2			you	disappointed	city	new	price	worth no	food	bad no			the carnegie deli is located inside the mirage hotel . it operates as a vacuum for your wallet , and although the food is not bad , the price is not worth even one trip . the cost of a sandwich would be about the same as being in new york city at second ave deli . btw , you can ' t order a smaller version of a sandwich for a cheaper price . and , if you split a sandwich recommended then yet another charge is added on top ! when you add it all up , you will be disappointed if not mad at yourself afterwards . the logical choice is to go somewhere else , which is easy to do in las vegas . best to all ,
1			portions	huge	meal	shitty	places	crappy	meal	amazing	places	crappy no	meal	biggest	i	lazy	review	bad			first off , i hardly write reviews mainly cause 1 . i ' m usually too lazy due to food coma after an amazing meal and 2 . most crappy food places isn ' t crappy enough for me to think it deserves a bad review but this on the other hand is an exception . 1 . pricey 2 . huge portions 3 . shitty food it was the biggest shitty meal i ' ve ever ordered . would ' ve rather eaten the $ 20 bill .
2			drinks	good	line	long	part	sad	music	ok	it	hard	drinks	expensive	bouncer	ginormous	club	bad no			originally , my boyfriend and i were headed out to a lounge at the monte carlo hotel , but when we were walking through the bellagio a promoter was handing out vip passes to the bank . so we decided to save our energy and head to the club there . first and foremost , the line was super long and the bouncer sent us and another group towards the entrance in the middle of a crowd . we waited about 20 mins to get inside the club which wasn ' t that bad of a wait , but as soon as we got in the dance floor was just flooded with people . it was hard for us to dance or even move aside 1 star . the music was okay in the beginning , but it picked up later on . after 10 mins in the club , we decided to get some drinks which were expensive ! ! my cosmopolitan and my bf ' s tokyo tea all together costed 40 bucks ! i mean our drinks were good , but damn waay too expensive . the sad part was i didnt get to enjoy my drink because some ginormous bouncer who didnt see me behind him decided to turn around and knock the drink all over my dress ! so annoying ! we left around an hour or so . . not worth coming to this club !
1			they	busy	nightclub	great	tables	complimentary	review	lengthy	service	good	people	multiple	service	bad			i ' ll apologize in advance for this lengthy review . it ' s a story of how my two friends and i were screwed out of table service , yet not refunded for the bottle we purchased . we stayed at the bellagio , hearing that the bank was a great nightclub . saturday morning we called the concierge to reserve a table at the bank for me and my two friends . we spoke to someone at the bank who told us we had a table for the three of us , informing us to arrive at 11pm sharp to get the table . that night the three of us showed up at 10 : 45pm , waited for about 45 minutes , and were finally brought to our table . our table turned out to be the end of the bar , where we were expected to stand while we enjoyed our $ 475 bottle of vodka . before even being seated i told our host that we reserved a table . the end of the bar wasn ' t a table . he said they were very busy and couldn ' t sit us down just yet . we ordered a bottle and two hours later still didn ' t have a table . after trying to find someone to talk to for a long time , we gave up and left . i disputed the charge on my credit card for $ 651 with the gm of the bank . everyone knows that you pay for a table , not a bottle . i wouldn ' t order a bottle for $ 475 + tax and tip if i were going to sit at the bar . the bottle is a proxy for a table . the gm offered me complimentary tables on an off night for their mistake . i declined with the intention of getting my money back . after several back and forth conversations with multiple people at the bellagio and the bank , i decided to bring the dispute to my credit card . after a few months i just learned that my credit card company won ' t give back the charge . i ' m rating the bank a 1 out of 5 for having bad service . they told me during the dispute that tables have a 3 bottle minimum . had i known about this minimum before or during my visit , i would have spent my money at a different club . they completely screwed my friends and me by charging us the equivalent of a table without actually giving us a table . furthermore , i totally would have bought three bottles had i known that ' s what it would take to get a table . i ' ll never come here again because of how they treated my group and me . vegas is about service . the bank doesn ' t have good service .
2			complain	real	picture	amazing			so much fun ! ! my only real complain was that our server never came to get our drinks even after i asked another lady to bring our server over . my mom kind of missed the opening because she was waiting at the bar . you also get a poster if you check in on yelp ! sadly i left mine in the hotel room by accident . but i got an amazing picture with them which is far more valuable ;
2			food	amazing	sum	best	dishes	favorite	stuff	fresh	sum	dim	buns	amazing			it ' s not five star , but really it ' s not their fault they ' re in las vegas and not chinatown san francisco . and that ' s what i compare it to . anyways , my favorite dishes are shrimp noodle and beef noodle , because that ponzuesque sauce is to die for ! also the bbq pork buns , whether you go sweet or not are amazing . i routinely come here and eat far more than i need to . the only draw back is that not enough people come here so the carts aren ' t always popping out fresh stuff , so things can become luke warm . but the food is still amazing . the best dim sum in las vegas bar none !
2			they	unique	fan	huge	look	amazing			just go and put a pair on and walk around . same goes for jimmy choo . these are fantastik shoes , engineered very well for standing dancing for hours . they look amazing and are totally unique . i ' m a huge fan of manolos and choos !
2			patty	awesome			food . awesome . service . awesome patty . ambience . awesome . temperature . sucked ! i froze through half my meal . when i mentioned it to patty , she said it happens at that part of the rotation . for $ 80 a head at least ! you ' d think they could take care of that !
2			service	awesome	breakfast	fresh	jackie	worthy	breakfast	awesome			awesome service . awesome fresh breakfast . our server jackie was five star worthy all by herself !
2			he	friendly no	server	good	tvs	flat	experience	great	atmosphere	clean	waiter	good	bit	little	this	recommend	seats	comfy	burger	delicious	place	awesome			red robin is a pretty awesome place to go for any occasion . my california chicken burger was delicious ! i also had a mint chocolate chip milky milkshake which was ahmaaazing ! can ' t complain . the atmosphere was super retro and clean . i love how the walls are decorated with pictures . there were flat screen tvs that was entertaining ! this may sound weird , but the seats were super comfy . our waiter was good . he was a good server but just a little bit unfriendly ? maybe he was just on an off day or something my experience with red robin was overall great ! i would recommend this to a friend ! :
2			it	ok	service	ok	food	memorable	food	bad no			only place at 2am when the water was shut down in our room , it was ok , service was just ok , food was not bad but not memorable , maybe it is better during daylight ?
2			it	recommend	it	love	food	awesome			food is awesome ! ! ! highly recommend it . took a friend for his birthday and he loved it .
1			day	bad	minutes	additional	experience	bad	service	bad			my wife and i are in our late 20 ' s . we were just in vegas . maybe it was a bad day to go there but we had a very bad experience . the service was very bad . other people around us were sitting up to 15 minutes before being served or being asked for a drink . . not even water ! other servers walked by , but if it was not their section they did not stop for help . same went for us . after we ordered , we waiting an additional 20 minutes for our beers which were poured earlier and our food had the taste of heat lamp . my wife and i will most likely not return .
2			rest	friendly	bbq	great	server	amazing			great bbq ! some of the best we have had . our server , carmella , was amazing and the rest of the staff were very friendly . gives texas a run for its money
2			atmosphere	nice	place	best	atmosphere	great	atmosphere	amazing			best place in phoenix ! came here for lunch and dinnet ! atmosphere nice , service great and food is amazing !
1			me	wrong	boys	gay	boys	love	tip	good	bag	frozen	food	ok	life	real	it	cool no	it	worth no	run	canned	tone	bad			the food was ok for frozen , out of the bag , canned , run of the mill , heat and eat . the description makes it sound yummy . . but the taste doesn ' t backup the menu or the price . don ' t get me wrong , i love my gay boys , but when you ' re a waiter , it ' s not always cool to show your i ' m a diva side when you ' re waiting on a table of 6 people that can either make your night with a good tip , or leave you a $ 1 . 00 , which it wasn ' t even worth that . the i ' m a diva in my real life , but i ' m just playing waiter tonight attitude really sets a bad tone for the night .
1			cup	relaxing	coffee	weak	coffee	bad	water	warm	manner	timely	coffee	overpriced	service	bad			so bummed . in the afternoon , my husband and i were walking by on our way to see the gardens . i saw a couple having coffee and cookies . after viewing the gardens , the thought of a relaxing cup of coffee was stuck in my head . we went back to the lounge and found a seat right away . we were served after sitting down . we just ordered coffees . they were served in a timely manner . this is where time stopped and good times were no more . the first sip that hit my tongue was like warm coffee water . so sad . then , we sat and drank bad coffee . we never saw our server again , until we stood up to leave . then , we finally got our bill and couldn ' t charge it to our room because she didn ' t leave a pen and ran away too quickly . sad again . we left a note after getting a pen from the hostess commenting on the bad service and weak , overpriced coffee . we won ' t be back .
1			water	cold	atmosphere	nice	women	high	hummus	stellar	portions	tiny	water	warm	itself	warm	waiter	friendly	we	hot	atmosphere	cozy	it	warm	thing	small	i	willing	thing	regional	note	good	night	bad			zink , get it together . we were here on a busy sat night , and though our waiter was really friendly , he was the only one in the section of about 12 tables . when he brought our water , it was still warm from the cleaning of the carafe . thinking maybe this was a regional thing , i looked around at our fellow diners , who all had cold water . seems like a small thing , but when we asked after the 3rd time , we just wondered if it was because we were so hot literally that the water just made itself warm lol . our hummus was less than stellar , and made me miss home . we split salmon and the portions were so tiny , it was like taking 2 bites . plus , they were served with fingerling potatoes which creep me out . on a good note , the atmosphere was nice and cozy , until these 4 very high maintenance women also pissed about their warm water sat inches from us . they complained about the portions and size , and asked me if our waiter also mentioned he was having a bad night . i ' d be willing to give them a chance again , but i likely won ' t be back to charlotte anytime soon .
2			she	ok	night	busy	taste	good	server	sweet	it	full	service	professional	desserts	complimentary	tasted	good	it	creamy	it	sweet no	taste	juicy	tenderloin	perfect	it	overcooked	taste	succulent	taste	love	portraits	like	tenderloin	seared	it	like	wine	cool	tasted	amazing			the only reason why brad t . & i decided to go here because we have received a coupon deal for $ 50 off % 2 complimentary desserts . we called ahead for a reservation on a monday or tuesday night & it was a busy night due to a convention that was in town . food 4 . 2 out of 5 appetizers : calamari : good , i wouldnt bother ordering it again , entree : mine : i ordered the seared tenderloin with butter poached lobster tail . i always get my steaks medium rare and this tenderloin was absolutely perfect . the taste was very juicy and succulent . the lobster tail did not have much flavor to it , but it still tasted good but not as amazing as the tenderloin . i savored the taste of the tenderloin ohhh how lovely it tasted . his : filet mignon w . crab meat : i took a bite of his filet mignon and from i remembered it was a bit overcooked but thats brad t . ' s story to tell , i loved the taste of the crab meat though ! mmmmmmm desserts : since it was complimentary i was astonished how huge the desserts were ! coconut creme pie : i personally did not like it very much , i felt like it was too creamy for me . i had a few bites here and there and the taste is good but i couldnt handle eating more of it . chocolate hazelnut cake : loving chocolate , i enjoyed the cake alot . it wasn ' t very sweet at all & of course i had to take it home . i couldnt finish it all . service 4 out of 5 the hostesses were very professional . our server was sweet . she was okay in the beginning but she got better as the night went on . we normally dont require much attention as long as our water is refilled we are pretty much set for the rest of the night . atmosphere 3 . 8 out of 5 it was a busy night full of commotion and talks and laughter filled the room . i enjoyed it . i like the paintings portraits on the wall and they had a locker for wine which was pretty cool . overall 4 out of 5 i liked it here , but it wont be my first choice that i would go to if i wanted to eat out .
1			reviews	bad	selection	great	i	hesitant	legs	great	places	many	line	awesome no	surprise	amazing	sausage	excellent	rib	prime	review	bad			i need to contradict all these bad reviews , we ate at this buffet by accident and i was hesitant because of the bad review i had read on yelp but we went to try it anyways . what an amazing surprise , the prime rib was some of the best i ' ve had , and i ' ve had it at many places around the country , the sausage was also excellent . the crab legs were great , although some were a tad salty ; the selection is great with 8 lines not including the awesome dessert line . i will return .
1			amount	limited no	dough	thin	dough	chewy	they	juicy	pizza	best	dressing	homemade	margherita	classic	chunks	big	chunks	nice	boys	good	dough	crispy	it	scrumptious	parking	bad			this is the best pizza i ' ve had ! ! been to lombardi ' s in ny and it doesn ' t compare . the dough is thin , crispy and chewy ! ! i can ' t wait to go back to az to get me some pizza ! ! if you ' re looking for a good ol boys pizza place with pitchers of beer , unlimited amount of soda , dark wood and dart boards . . this isn ' t the place . i went during happy hour and got the white sangria . lots of nice big chunks of fruit and you can hardly taste the alcohol . . it ' s one of those drinks that will get you messed up because it taste like fruit juice and you ' ll have another and another and another ! ! had the baked chicken wings . they were juicy and had homemade blue cheese dressing . omg ! ! ! pizza had half gladiator and half classic margherita . i ' m still thinking about it . i miss it so ! red velvet cake it didn ' t taste like the typical . a little less sweet but it was scrumptious ! i want another piece ! ! the parking is really bad so get here early .
2			selection	amazing			i adore each location i have been to . i truly wish this location had not moved from its place on hayden road as it was so close to my home , but i do hope the foot traffic is better for their sake . the selection is amazing . i can spend hours smelling each mix and pondering what i want to cook next . i have successfully replaced every spice and herb in my cabinet with a penzy ' s version , and i am so happy that i did . you will not be disapointed .
2			something	new	sauce	average	class	high	place	overpriced	kind	frozen	eater	picky no	salmon	dry	business	awful	feet	dirty	awful	awful	tip	good no	coupons	many	business	amazing			awful , awful , awful ! my husband & i decided to try something new in the district for our one year anniversary . we decided on the elephant bar despite several friends telling us the food was terrible . i usually don ' t write reviews unless the business is extraordinarily amazing or awful this place is definitely classified as awful in my book . my husband ordered a chicken tri tip combo plate , which didn ' t look anything like the picture . the chicken was marinated in some sort of sauce that tasted like the smell of dirty feet ; the tri tip was not very good either . i ordered the misoyaki salmon , which was very dry and the sauce was average . the veggies were soaked in oil and appeared to be the frozen kind you throw in a saucepan . my husband is not a very picky eater , but even he agreed he would never come back . we should have trusted our instincts and celebrated at the places we know are good lucille ' s , cheesecake factory , gvr cafe or even al ' s garage bar food put this place to shame . don ' t waste your time and now i know why such a ' high class ' place puts out so many coupons . this place was also totally overpriced for the quality my meal alone was $ 17+ and i only ate probably a third of it .
2			decor	love	employees	love	bar	fun	prices	amazing			most amazing time . bar was fun and the happy hour prices were amazing . love the decor and the employees all seemed to be having a great time . i even saw the a couple of employees joking and having fun with a darker skinned manager . it was a pleasure to see people enjoying their jobs .
1			quality	priced	quality	bad			don ' t waste your money ! ! completely over priced and bad quality as well . i expected better from a restaurant in city center . shiybu at mgm is way better !
1			service	worth no	steak	regular	hash	good	tables	close	service	overrated	bagel	worth no	hash	meaty	slice	full	browns	crunchy	lox	good	experience	nice	lox	worth no	service	overpriced	bagel	small	browns	tasty	service	bad			don ' t go here ! overpriced , overrated , and bad service . environment : i thought the cafe would be a nice dining experience overlooking the pools , but the tables are so close you might as well have a convo with your neighbor . noisy ! we had debbie downer for our waitress who never smiled and saw her only three times : once to take our order , another time to deliver food , and a final time to deliver the check . um , can we get refills ? she even messed up on the drink order : coffee . how do you forget coffee during brunch ? food : i ordered lox and a bagel . can ' t screw that up , but i will say that the bagel was small and they only gave my three rings of onion not even a full slice of an onion ! that lox and bagel was not worth $ 15 . the cream cheese portion was not much maybe a tablespoon . the tomato slice was a regular beef steak , not vine ripened and the tomato was pill y . however , the lox was good . my bro ordered the corned beef hash which was good and meaty , and the hash browns were tasty and crunchy . our meal came close to $ 70 for breakfast . why two stars ? the service is bad as is the food . avoid this place and hit the buffet or eat at another hotel . definitely overpriced and the service , food , and environment are not worth the price .
1			i	excited	sauce	hot	sum	dim	it	good	service	bad			such a wasted time ! ! ! me and my bf we drove here late at night like 11pm midnight i was so excited to try dim sum and it ' s nothing like just a couple dishes on the menu then they serve with no sauce anything on the side i mean shumai should dip with soy sauce chili sauce thing like that ? and they just give me hot sauce when i ask , they forget to bring a glass of water to my bf the service so bad the server not pay attention to you and he just told us order something that fast i mean i ' m a server too and i understand that server should tell customer if some dishes will take time to cook but not like don ' t order this with the face that it too long to wait and tell us to pick something else i mean if it that long and you don ' t want to make it why put it on the menu ! ! ! ! ! ? ? ? btw my friend told me dim sum here you have to go on lunch time theres a variety of dim sum and it ' s pretty good she agreed that service was suck anyway
1			he	hungover	unagi	hard	service	worst	tanks	tacky	seemed	clean	seemed	apathetic	restaurant	ugly	unagi	bad			tried it out on dollar sushi sunday . food 3 5 overall the food was meh . very heavy on sauce and some of the pieces were downright tiny . granted they were $ 1 a piece . pretty bad unagi which i wouldn ' t think is that hard to mess up . some of the rolls were tasty , but i could barely taste anything besides rice and sauce . service 10 5 our waiter was easily the worst i ' ve ever had . he was probably hungover he mumbled the entire time and repeatedly spilled water . the rest of the staff seemed aloof and apathetic as well . ambiance 2 5 this is one ugly restaurant . it seemed clean enough , but the tacky fish tanks and lights did not foster any trust that i would be getting quality food . overall 2 5 maybe they had an off day . maybe they slack on sundays . $ 1 sushi is the only redeeming quality .
1			meatball	nasty	morsel	little	it	confusing	cheese	little	meatball	huge	crust	thin	it	good	lasagna	worst			i ' ve always found oregano ' s pizza decent . between tombstone and their thin crust , it would be a toss up that usually ended up with me preheating the oven . a friend convinced me to try it again saying that their pasta is much better than their pizza . i got mama ' s sausage and peppers . it was actually pretty good . how do you mess that up , right ? it was a little confusing when two different people came by to ask if i wanted parmesan cheese on top , the top was already covered with parmesan cheese . the notorious star of the meal however was the lasagna . it was hands down the worst lasagna i ' ve ever had . there was maybe one layer of pasta , a layer of mozzarella on top and a little cheese in the middle , but the bulk of it was several layers of overworked ground meat ? . it ' s almost like a huge nasty meatball with some sauce and cheese in different spots that you found in the back of the fridge . i was going to give 3 stars until later on in the meal i tried a piece of meat that was hanging out in the middle of the plate that didn ' t have any cheese or sauce to hide behind . that little morsel of meat lost this place another star .
2			pizza	amazing	price	great	pizza	awesome			awesome pizza at a great price ! i just wish they had more options like they used to . the chicken parmesan pizza was amazing ! ! bring it back !
1			we	hungry	martinis	dirty	presentation	mediocre	george	triple	feel	sorry	!!!	real	we	little	dip	cold	grill	triple	service	good	steaks	great	buddy	embarrassed	service	bad			we went to triple george to celebrate this father ' s day and a 40th birthday party . my friend suggested the grill due to a previous visit and the fact that they are supposed to have great steaks . we made reservations for 8 mind you 8 steak hungry , very thirsty , ready to spend and have a good time 8 ! from our first order of drinks , two martinis had to be sent back after waiting 20 minutes . after ordering some more drinks we waited another 30 minutes for our drinks and all 4 of the martinis tasted different . we all ordered dirty martinis and we all taste tested that all were different . after waiting so very long for drinks , we ordered some appetizers . mediocre presentation and already bad service , it was like our table had done something wrong we were not being attended to . you cannot share the calamari because it comes in a french fry scoop and the artichoke spinach dip was cold on the inside , and do not count on sharing the $ 13 seared ahi because for that price you get 4 lil strips ! so now we have been here just a little over an hour and we are hungry . we all order steaks , due to my buddy ' s recommendation . orders where placed and thank goodness we brought a bottle of wine because most of us could not finish our martinis and did not want to wait for another 30 minutes for a drink . after 25 minutes of placing our order , the waitress whom we barely saw most of our experience brought to our attention they are out of steaks ! ! ! are you kidding me ! ! ! it took 25 minutes to tell all 8 of us this ! ! ! if we would have known we would have already been eating steak at a real grill ! ! ! my buddy was embarrassed , and we tried making light of it like ordering fish n chips at a steak house . basically our waitress said that they would give us smaller cuts and some of us due to father ' s day and the birthday switched so that they can have what they wanted ridiculous ! the only good service that we received was the gentleman serving us water and the gentleman clearing the plates . they even laughed with us as how bad this situation was . by the time they brought us our smaller cuts and dinner we had been waiting since we ordered our dinner an hour ! by now it seem that they are closing and we just want to get out of there . all of our steaks where fatty and nervy and most of us didn ' t even finish our meals . i feel sorry for the dad ' s and our birthday girl as this was a total waste of time and money . they maybe allot of changes on freemont but if anything needs a change it is triple george grill ! ! ! way over priced , bad service , and they may be out of steaks beware ! ! !
1			basterd	fat	it	ok	wc	worst			this store has the worst wc i have ever bin into in any grocerystore . i spoke to the storemanager about it he said it ' s ok , i said let ' s go in to the wc , he said he doesn ' t need to . this guy is a fat basterd that doesn ' t give two shits about it . i can deal with it , but my daughters goes in to the wc some times , and the have to sit down . if the take care of this store like the take care of the restrooms , don ' t go there ! ! i have bin going to this store for 10 years i ' m done . go to smiths on rainbow ! ! ! !
2			music	love	production	amazing	set	amazing			bravo ! ! ! ! applause , applause . love the music , well done by the cast . the whole show is a must see ! ! ! the set and production was absolutely amazing .
1			line	long	service	rude	oysters	raw	food	good	price	ok	place	expensive	service	bad			this place is over rated and expensive . the day i went there wasn ' t a long line or anything just bad service . what is it with vegas people and rude service ? the price is ok . . sucked that it didn ' t come with the 24 hour buffet feast ! the food is so blah . i think you can pay less and go to the world rio and get some other pretty good food ! 2 stars for having raw oysters nom nom nom .
1			staff	horrible	service	worst			the worst service period . waited over an hour and still no food . morons are running this place with a horrible wait staff . will never go there again .
1			tip	standard	we	hungry	experience	good	service	bad			was our third choice of where to eat monday evening , but power outages in north charlotte had us ending up here . i have 0 complains . maybe its because of the very bad service we had with the previous place we had just left and we all was very hungry . drinks and food came in expected time . had a party of 11 was 18 but 7 went home after the incident from where we was earlier but they didn ' t put on the standard 19 % tip . . we left them 21 % overall good experience !
1			food	bad	lines	long	rolls	delicious	menu	huge	prices	awesome	pasta	tasty	bible	appetizing	portions	awesome	service	bad			awesome prices for awesome portions ! ! ! the menu is huge ! i ' ve been eating here for years and never experienced bad service or bad food ! the bistro rock shrimp pasta is very tasty , fish tacos are filling , jambalaya pasta is one of the best , tex mex rolls are delicious ! ! ! ! the whole menu which is like a bible is wonderfully appetizing ! ! ! ! lines are long get there early for dinner ! ! !
1			location	specific	it	worth	portions	huge	place	love	day	national	meal	complete no	book	small	memories	good	place	special	sandwich	awesome	memories	many	service	bad			this cheesecake factory has 3 entries on yelp . it was happy national cheesecake day on july 30 & july 31st , 2014 so i went over to a cheesecake factory not this branch to have a slice of cheesecake at 1 2 price ! ! anyways the following is my review for this location written back in february 2014 : i must confess that i am a diehard cheesecake factory fan ! unless the service is very bad , i will not give them less than 4 stars . this specific location inside caesars palace holds a special place in my heart , but i will not go into specifics . suffice it to say that i love this place ! normally , i get here before it gets too crowded . sometimes i will have to wait , but it is worth the wait . will just wait and people watch or browse around some of the forum shops til it is our turn . the menu reads like a small book . it can get confusing at times cause everything sounds so good . every appetizer and entree that i have had has not disappointed . all are above average , and the portions are huge so come hungry . of course , a meal here is not complete without dessert . i will always save room for a slice of cheesecake . if it means that i cannot finish my entree , then i will just take home the leftovers and enjoy it the next day . i have tried over a dozen of their cheesecake flavors . my current favorites are dutch apple caramel streusel cheesecake , white chocolate caramel macadamia nut cheesecake , and white chocolate raspberry truffle cheesecake . i only have one complaint . stop discontinuing my favotite sandwiches . they used to make a three cheese grilled cheese sandwich which was awesome . they also used to make a monterey cheeseburger which was the bomb . i truly miss those two items . with that being said , every time we return to caesars palace , going to this cheesecake factory is a must . many good memories here .
2			portions	huge	food	interesting	place	great	looked	amazing			great place . huge portions and very interesting food ! saw this on man v . food so i knew that i had to try it . what i got i didn ' t really like but what everybody else was eating looked amazing !
1			breakfast	good	dishes	good	spritzer	good	reviews	bad			really good breakfast . not sure why it has some bad reviews from people , because the 2 dishes my wife and i got were really good . i had the banana french toast will order with extra syrup on the side next time and the meatloaf hash with eggs . both were good and huge . we also got an orange crush champagne spritzer , which was good despite the fact that it sounds strange . i would also try the bloody mary ' s next time since it looked like they made their own mix and everybody was ordering them .
2			portions	huge	prices	reasonable	drive	long	tomato	dried	place	perfect	service	good	it	massive	wait	bad no			as soon as we arrived from the long drive from cali , i told my fianc u00e9 we had to go try this place . perfect place to go if you are starving ! portions are huge and the prices are reasonable . i got the mushroom , artichoke , sun dried tomato , spinach hash omelette and my fianc u00e9 got andy ' s sage fried chicken hash . it ' s massive and i didn ' t finish it . after eating , i was totally in a food coma . overall , the wait wasn ' t bad on a friday morning , service was good . we will definitely come back for more !
2			nothing	special	nothing	spicy	chipotle	little	idea	awesome			came here on a sunday afternoon . the place was packed and had to wait 10mins for a table . the waitress seemed a bit stressed due to possible understaffing and barely got a moment of her time . i had ordered the blt bloody mary , nothing too special and a bit spicy for my taste . the slice of bread that comes with it awesome idea if there were a few more slices of bacon to go with it ! i had ordered the fried chicken benedict , my friend ordered the salmon scramble i think . she had feared , after ordering , that what she ' d ordered wouldn ' t be what ' s expected . as soon as the food came ca . 15mins later , it wasn ' t what she ' d expected and sent it back . around 5mins . later , her replacement meal was served . the kitchen was definitely on top of their game that day ! i enjoyed my benedict , buuuut there was just a little too much chipotle for my taste .
2			hash	little	hash	delicious	me	slow	i	slow	boost	little	waitress	great	scene	interesting	moon	full	they	wrong	place	clean	things	amazing			hash a go go is making me slow slow give me some vanilla waffle and one of twenty coffee syrup flavors to choose and i may be able to get a little boost from that espresso but wait , i ate too much of that delicious hash a go go uh oh ! i ' ve heard and read amazing things ; i woke up this morning with a stomach ready to be filled up what i didn ' t know was i was going to have breakfast , lunch and dinner all in one sup ! i devoured my plate , maple syrup and all . the problem now , is all i want to do is get home to my bed , fast asleep i will fall . my friends birthday celebration was what got us to go , no sing along birthday song , but that ' s okay , we were too far in a coma , to mention that they were wrong . luckily the scene was interesting , the waitress was great and the place was really clean . there was no wait , parking was a breeze , we got into our table , in the booth , with nothing but ease . not sure if it would be the same on a sunday morning or full moon , more than likely getting a table would mean sitting in a state of doom . happy i got a little hash a go go , even though i ' m kinda a little slow slow i ' m sure once i get some rest , my words will have more flow flow
2			place	like	you	wrong	food	bad no			so if you are thinking family style , you are wrong . the food wasn ' t bad . like any other asian place . over priced for the portion . would not come back . left hungry . oh and drinks are $ 4 and you don ' t get refills .
2			it	hotter	sprawl	urban	landscape	surrounding	mall	huge	lot	huge	it	like no	sense	little	canvas	giant	ridge	bad no			hey , let ' s build a mall that will blend in with the surrounding landscape no , not the desert landscape , but the urban sprawl of north phoenix . this mall is huge a huge parking lot . you have to drive from store to store because it makes little sense to walk from one end to the other . and it doesn ' t help that the parking lot is like a giant black tar canvas to absorb all of the heat from the sun and radiate it through the area . it ' s got to be like 5 10 degrees hotter at this mall . desert ridge wants you to come and stay all day and night . screw that , i have shit to do . i try to avoid this place , but on occasion i find myself here . it gives me an outlet mall vibe like anthem but that might just be because it ' s totally out of my way to go here like anthem . desert ridge is not bad if you ' re looking for it , it ' s here if you can find it . i just don ' t like it . maybe it was built on a cursed ancient indian burial ground or a landfill .
2			owner	awesome			this place rocks ! ! the owner is awesome you can make ur sandwhich anyway u want and even write down ur own sandwhich creation and add it to there floating menu list ! ! if ur sandwhich is a hit they will print it on the next menu ! i got the dreadlock but swapped the bacon for tuna . . yum :
2			staff	excellent	price	high	place	love	price	worth	selection	amazing			love this place ! been there twice . keep an eye out for the swordfish , if they have it , order it ! they have an amazing wine selection . if you can ' t find what your looking for there , you simply don ' t know what you want . staff is excellent . price are high but well worth it . 85709
1			eggs	regular	food	boring	meals	crazy	meals	overpriced	nothing	greasy	ambiance	fine	they	special	coffee	mediocre	service	bad			being my birthday i wanted to go somewhere special for brunch . i picked lulu and really wish i had not . the ambiance was fine though my husband kept saying what ? i can ' t hear you . we order the pomme frites why are people raving about these they were only aright , nothing special . . we did not finish them . we also ordered coffee which we had to ask to be refilled every time it emptied . our plates were not cleared , the coffee was mediocre . i ordered a mimosa salad to try and minimize the damage i knew i would do later with birthday cake . it was again , nothing special . honestly i ' ve had better at panera bread and at a much better price . my husband ordered the duck confit hash and again , a little greasy , nothing amazing , certainly not worth the $ 17 price tag . he had ordered his eggs on the side and a mix of egg whites and regular eggs he wanted to health it up a bit . they came cooked separately and right on top of the hash , not on the side . my daughter had the $ 7 kids meal of chicken fingers , again bland , again boring , and on top of a towering pile of fries . during the entire meal i kept wishing i was at upstream for their sunday brunch , or bistro le bon , or really , anywhere but this place with bad service , crazy overpriced meals , and boring food . we left feeling as if yelp had let us down , big time .
2			look	real	reviews	ridiculous	type	sick	it	personal	exhibit	interesting	process	amazing	it	close	understanding	good	it	amazing	people	ignorant	look	informative	sites	amazing	i	interested	things	amazing			i have traveled to 15 countries and have seen some amazing sites , the wailing wall , vatican , eiffel tower to name a few and this was one of the most amazing things i have ever seen . this is not supposed to be a sick man type of exhibit , as some people mention in other reviews . it is an extremely informative and real life look at our bodies , inside and out . i wanted to be a doctor so i have always been interested in physiology , but i think this exhibit would be interesting to most intelligent people . i was shocked at a few of the ridiculous reviews on yelp . . but i wont waste my time stating why those people are so ignorant . my husband and i had a plane to catch and we nearly missed it , because we were told we would need about an hour but we had to hurry up because we could have easily been there for 2 . i have a good understanding of the body , but seeing it up close and personal was an experience i will never forget . the process the bodies go through for preparation is also incredibly amazing . have i said it ' s amazing amazing amazing and well worth seeing ! also , they give discounts to students , locals , vets , fireman and policeman , which i think is awesome ! if you are going to vegas take in a show and makes sure to see this exhibit !
1			grill	hate	drinks	mixed	portion	generous	they	awful	containers	enormous	service	terrible	food	grand	place	fun	salsa	boring	pricing	stupid	iceberg	sad	iceberg	shredded	bit	little	anything	good	thought	little	leg	broken	tomatoes	chopped	ingredients	cheap	differences	ridiculous	items	typical	afternoon	late	signs	bad	items	overpriced	bar	hate	they	good	tomatoes	mushy	anything	bad			i hate this bar and grill . seriously . we had some friends in town that had enjoyed toby keith ' s a few years ago and wanted to go back . so we made the stop at harrah ' s on a late sunday afternoon . on the way to the casino , i called ahead to make reservations . you can ' t . so i asked how busy they were , expecting the girl on the other end of the phone to tell me there would be a wait . instead , i was told we are the opposite of busy . things weren ' t looking good already . we were immediately seated and i enjoyed the feel of the place . i ' m not into country music but i don ' t mind it playing in the background . it ' s pretty much an applebee ' s or tgi fridays feel , except with a country theme . but you can only enjoy the scenery for so long . we waited , and waited , and waited . it took at least 15 minutes before our server even came over to greet us and get our drink orders . someone in my group wanted one of the specialty mixed drinks that are listed on the back of the menu the ones that come in mason jars 19 flipping dollars . when my friend asked how much a 16 ounce version of the drink would be , she was told it was $ 12 but it would only come with a half a shot in it . what ? ? i ' m going to just say that we misheard or she misspoke , because that can ' t be right at all . and the bad signs kept on coming . i would say a good half hour went by before we got our meals . i ordered the quesadillas with veggies and they were awful . dripping in grease i had to blot them with napkins just so i didn ' t get grease on my clothes . it was served with some sad shredded iceberg , mushy chopped tomatoes , and a super boring poblano salsa . i managed to eat half and then called it a day . $ 13 , but worth $ 0 . my husband ordered the ranch house salad . it claims to come with iceberg and romaine , but there was only iceberg in that bowl . unless you ' re talking about a wedge salad , iceberg lettuce just screams cheap ingredients and that little thought went into making the salad . he also got a couple of slices of tomato , a little bit of cheese and croutons , and about a tablespoon of corn . on the side were two enormous containers of ranch dressing you know , in case you want to eat 1200 calories in salad dressing during your meal . $ 12 , but worth about $ 6 . we also got a side of fries for $ 5 . they were actually really good especially with all the leftover ranch from my husband ' s salad and the portion was pretty generous . my friends ordered the she ' s a hottie wrap and the steak sandwich . i didn ' t hear anything good or bad about their food or the mason jar drink . we then proceeded to wait again for the check and for it to be brought back to sign once we paid . our drinks were refilled once the entire time we were there . when it was all said and done , my friend said that a few years ago it was a fun place to be . now there ' s just terrible service despite the fact that the place had zero customers . there are typical overpriced menu items like you ' ll find all over the strip and ridiculous price differences for harrah ' s players card members vs . non card customers . do yourself a favor and go next door to the venetian and eat at grand luxe similar food and price but better quality and service with a larger menu . toby keith ' s will do if you are starving and have a broken leg and you can ' t hop any farther before you pass out from hunger . oh , and there ' s a $ 6 charge if you want to split a meal with someone . there should be crimes against stupid pricing like this .
1			place	horrible	tortillas	hard	thing	good	grp	big	service	bad			this place is horrible . if i could give this zero stars i would . the only good thing about this restaurant is your seated right away . service is bad & corn tortillas were hard as a rock . i asked for a refill of my water and in 2 hrs never got it . it was a big grp so i feel that the waitress was slacking because she knew she was getting an 18 % tip . we were paying cash and the remainder on the card and the waitress didn ' t know how to do that she put it all on the card and gave us back the cash . managers was no help either . never ever ever going to this restaurant again ! ! ! ! ! ! !
1			people	drunk	flow	low	doors	heavy	outlets	electrical	vegas	worst			definitely one of my worst vegas hotel experiences : 1 . the hotel room doors have nothing to stop them from slamming shut . this is not only a danger to children with heavy doors slamming shut , but guess what you will get to hear all night ? drunk people coming home and slamming their room doors . midnight 1am 2am 3am 2 . the hotel is connect to the mgm grand and the strip via a more than a half mile corridor one way . there are moving sidewalks , but they functioned about 25 % of the time during our stay . 3 . only half the wall electrical outlets in the room worked . some had metal pieces sticking out of the wall . 4 . their low flow toilet took 20 minutes to fill that ' s 20 minutes between flushes . hope your group isn ' t in a rush to use the bathroom when you get back to the room
1			service	worst			one of the crappiest pizza i ever had in my life along with the worst service i ever had in vegas won ' t go 0 stars because system doesn ' t accept .
1			wait	long	service	bad			bad service , overpriced , and they screwed up the food after a long wait . we asked for our money back .
2			wait	annoying	list	nice	decor	love	we	ok	place	cheapest no	way	fun	crowd	upbeat	place	huge	ambiance	love	pizza	good	crowd	lively	hummus	bad no	bar	huge	it	love	appetizer	amazing			walked into this place on a saturday night i am from out of town with my 4 girl friends this place is huge ! very packed and loud but in a fun way . love the decor and ambiance . huge bar in the middle with a nice wine list and a variety of drink options . the wait was a little annoying , as we had reservations and still had to wait about 40 minutes . the menu had some vegetarian options , not a whole lot , but what i ate was really good . the vegetable crostini appetizer was amazing and the hummus was not that bad either . i had the margarita pizza which was good , my friends had a pasta with chicken and they loved it as well . the sangria we had was ok , i ' ve had better in chicago . the crowd was upbeat and lively , seemed to have quite a few out of towners as well , and the age ranged anywhere from college to seniors price wise it wasn ' t the cheapest place but it won ' t rip a hole in your pocket either .
1			it	good no	menu	new	i	crazy no	decor	like	he	sick	review	bad			i hate to leave a bad review because i really like the decor and feel of this place . i have been here three times in the past year and i am just not crazy about the new menu . my husband had the lasagna last night and could not eat it . it looked like it had been reheated for three days in a row . he is actually sick with some kind of stomach virus today and i am thinking about calling the restaurant . i had the flatbread and it was not near as good as my last visit here 3 months ago . i probably won ' t return . for the price there are much better restaurants in the area .
1			burger	worth no	manager	bad	food	worth no	information	bad	something	spicy	experience	bad	it	terrible	breads	flat	restaurant	good no	breads	terrible	service	bad			i am giving olive & ivy only 1 star because the employees have no idea how to run a restaurant or deal with customers . we went there to celebrate a birthday which did not go too well . first when we made the reservation we were told to come in before 3pm on a sunday so we could order from 3 menus well when we arrived , we were told a different story about the menus and told something else by another person and the story kept changing depending on who you spoke with . well this restaurant should be closed between 3 5pm on weekends as the only items are flatbreads , a select few salads and apps but no one tells you this when you call . so we had planned to order dinner but were told we could not something to do with the kitchen , but we were also told we could not order from the brunch or lunch menu either so we were stuck as to what to order , well it was terrible the flat breads were terrible , dry and way to salty . the bacon burger was not worth $ 12 . 00 and it was just a real bad time and the manager would not comp anything for all the bad information and did not seem to care we could not find anything good to eat on the menu . we had told the waitress we could not handle anything spicy as to let us know if we ordered something which was spicy well do not order the hummus , we were not told it had jalapenos in it even though we asked , they did not take it off the bill even though 5 of the 6 people at the table did not eat it . we will not visit again , very bad experience , bad manager , bad customer service . not a good fox restaurant , plus the uniforms looked like construction workers . the food , was well not worth the money and have had much better elsewhere .
1			employees	helpful no	overhaul	serious	idiots	complete	employees	rude	dmv	worst			worst dmv in the country . the employees are rude and unhelpful . they make you wait hours and hours only to tell you something they could have told you when you first came in . they are complete idiots and fools . the supervisors are even worse . cocky and arrogant . there needs to be a serious overhaul of this place .
1			menus	tasting	potatoes	mashed	shrimp	spicy	potskickers	fantastic	cow	holy	salads	bland	we	offended	entree	great	steak	ok	mayo	spicy	service	bad			not to happy just really bad service and representation by the staff . lack of knowledge by any degree . and asking to get something done different such as no spicy mayo holy cow did they get offended . and why we paid $ 36 for the four half orders of maki rolls . we should have been the offended . we ordered two of the seven course tasting menus . $ 59 . 00 each i believed . it came with 3 salads . two apps and two entrees . which they put all of each courses on a single plate . now we didn ' t ask them to split each course per couple . the four of us splitting but combining the two on the same plate ! ? ! ? lazy as hell ! ! ! ! ! the salads were all bland potskickers were fantastic dumplings were nothing remember able there lobster pancakes tasted nothin like lobster and had way to much mushroom . spicy shrimp entree was actually great . good spice and flavor . roasted flank steak was ok . . served with fried spinach . that was nice . here is another rant . we were offered a choce in the tasting menu with our entrees . fried rice or wasabi mashed potatoes . we were never asked and of course got wasabi mashed potatoes . we asked for the side to be changed , it was and we were billed for it ! ! ! ! ! nice ! ! ! !
2			alfredo	simple	food	authentic	food	love	i	disappointed	food	bad no			we ordered calamari , ravioli carbonara and just some simple chicken alfredo and paid almost $ 45 . 00 for it all . after trying our food we decided that it is way over priced for the quality of the food . i was very disappointed because i love authentic italian food . tthe food wasn ' t bad , there was just absolutely no flavor to judge it by .
2			they	open	preference	personal	consistency	perfect	joint	favorite	rolls	tasty	sauce	spiced	course	main	chicken	mixed	it	perfect	preparation	poor no	joint	new	sauce	terrific			my new favorite thai joint in vegas . can ' t beat the fact that they are open until 11 pm when most close at 9 or earlier . we started with the mixed satay chicken and beef . both were delicious , and the peanut sauce they include is terrific . lumpia egg rolls were quite tasty . wasn ' t too crazy about the har gow steamed shrimp dumplings , but i think that was just a matter of personal preference , not poor preparation . for main course , we split the panang curry with pork . it was perfect . sauce was perfect consistency and well spiced . quite excellent . can ' t wait to go back .
2			frosting	nice	presentation	excellent	part	favorite	frosting	sweet	frosting	creamy	man	big	it	pricey	downside	pricey	ones	miniature	presentation	clean	frosting	thick	taste	wonderful	bunt	flavored	cake	awesome			if you are looking to celebrate an occassion with a bang , and want your friends , families , or co workers talking about that awesome cake you just bought , buy a bunt cake ! want to get in good with the big man ? get a bunt cake . i think their presentation , taste , and creativity of a bunt occassion cake is genious ! the presentation is very clean and whimsical ! the taste is wonderful , and the cake is sure to soft and spongy . my favorite part is the frosting thick , creamy , and sweet . reminds me alot of that nice frosting that is glazed on a starbucks lemon loaf cake excluding the lemon flavor of course . it just pairs so well with any flavored bunt . suggestively , get the red velvet or chocolate . it is sure to win the hearts of others . only downside , it is pricey . i assume because of the quality and excellent presentation . if you ' re crafty , try making one yourself , but if you prefer to avoid any chance of disater , buy a bunt ! even sample the miniature ones ! it ' s sure to win your heart .
1			frosting	delicious	cake	moist	cake	full	cakes	best	boy	bad			this place has the best bundt cakes bundt cupcakes ever . . omgt the frosting is just delicious . the actual cake is so moist and full of flavor . so far i have tried the red velvet , strawberry , and chocolate . they are so all so wonder full i don ' t what else to say right now cuz i ' m still working on eating this bad boy but . i would highly recommend that you give this place a try .
2			sandwich	good	place	adorable	it	worth	doggy	delicious	it	delicious	pastry	flaky	sauce	homemade	pastry	light	looked	amazing			such an adorable place ! so bright and clean . i tried their jive turkey sandwich as well as their tomato , garlic and basil soup . since i did the half sandwich and cup of soup combo , i wasn ' t able to have it toasted . so sad the sandwich was very good , the soup not so much . i should have just ordered the whole sandwich and had it grilled . oh well , now i know ! my boyfriend ordered the jive turkey sandwich and had it toasted . it was so much better ! he also ordered a puff doggy with their homemade cheese sauce and it was delicious as well . the pastry was so flaky and light . you just have to make sure to have patience while they make it . everyone in our group had their food for awhile before the delicious doggy was done . i think it was worth the wait though ! next time i will make sure to save room for some dessert . their sweets looked amazing !
2			ingredients	best	cornbread	amazing			organic ! ! ! wow ! really the best ingredients and they care for the customers . the chili + cornbread was just out of this world amazing .
1			atmosphere	stuffy	food	horrible	sandwich	undercooked	it	medium	scallops	tasting	reviews	great	taste	fresh no	shot	undercooked	look	bad			i ' ve given this place a try on 3 different occasions since it seems to get such great reviews . the first time i went , i ordered the tenderloin , medium cooked . they overcooked the steak the first shot , so i sent it back . the second shot was way undercooked , but i didn ' t send it back again . the second time i went for lunch , i ordered the steak sandwich . i ordered it medium , yet once again it was undercooked . i didn ' t send it back because the people i was with kept on telling me how good a restaurant it was , and so i didn ' t send it back because i didn ' t want them to look bad . . so instead , i choked down my undercooked steak sandwich . this last time i ordered the scallops . they did not taste fresh at all . over $ 30 for 3 fishy tasting scallops ? ? ? ? this place has a stuffy atmosphere and horrible food . i will never go back .
1			view	amazing	seats	great	park.we	great	seat	bad			seriously great ball park . we had great seats 3 rows back halfway between home & 1st , but i dont think there is a bad seat in this park . amazing view over the river & the downtown area of pittsburgh . . . . & of course the red sox won ! !
2			ribeye	recommend	food	awesome			ate at the bar . amy helped me out with the drinks and recommended the ribeye . awesome food and awesomer service . thanks again amy !
2			atmosphere	great	seems	harsh	dishes	seasonal	place	great	it	pricey	it	great	relaxed	fun	it	relaxed	it	amazing			not sure why anyone would rate this place 1 3 stars , seems pretty harsh . it may be slightly pricey , but it has a great atmosphere , fun , trendier , relaxed , and the food is a+ . my favorite is the vigazz burger with the side salad ranch . it ' s great . i ' ve also had their pasta tortellini , it was amazing but i didn ' t see it on the menu that last time i was in ; i think they have some seasonal dishes they switch up . great place for a group younger crowd .
2			charges	little	expectations	high	person	rude	charges	annoying	place	horrible no			i attended this resort from 2 28 2013 through 3 6 2013 . my wife and i reserved a room for a work conference . my expectations were high because of the fairmont name . the place wasn ' t horrible , but the service was lacking . 1 . the hotel nickel and dimed us . they charged us $ 20 night to valet our car . it would have been $ 10 night to park the car ourselves . also , we only had a car for 3 of the 6 days that we stayed , and they charged us $ 10 day for the 3 days that we didn ' t even have a car , even though the front desk confirmed that we wouldn ' t be charged . also , internet is about $ 15 per day , and an iced tea at the pool bar was $ 5 . all the little charges were really annoying . 2 . the front desk person was rude . when we arrived , we found that my wife ' s company had put us in a room with two double beds . we asked the guy at the front desk if we could have a room with a queen or king size bed , but he refused and did not even apologize . so we both shared a double bed we could have stayed home and had nicer accommodations or stayed at hampton or a b&b .
1			rolls	ok	fish	soggy	fish	soft	table	low	calamari	worst	nothing	special	soup	good	plate	pretty	service	prompt	sticks	soft	restaurant	beautiful	lounge	open	fish	horrible			beautiful restaurant and open lounge made this place look inviting and we sst at a low table in the lounge . service was prompt , but the food was so so and zero stars go to the appetizer calamari , which was pressed fish that was soft , soggy and horrible . it tasted like they ' d bought it from the freezer section of a supermarket and then put it on a pretty plate and aquifers green sauce on it . my husband and i thought it was the worst calamari we ' ve ever had and we ' ve never seen calamari that looked like soft fish sticks . the miso soup was good and the two rolls we ordered were just okay and nothing special . very disappointing that they put so much effort into the decor and not the food .
2			server	awesome	food	authentic	lot	healthy	kids	awesome			the food is pretty authentic made fresh and a lot of it is very healthy . our kids like it and the server joe is awesome . no matter how crazy our requests for our kids are . he makes it happen . we will be back again and again .
2			city	crazy	summer	hard	practice	great	instructors	amazing			wowza ! find peace and serenity in a crazy city . this place was my sanctuary during a hard summer in vegas . all the instructors were amazing . i lost 12 lbs from 172 to 160 over a month . it wasn ' t weight i needed to lose but that just shows the power of this great practice . i went 5x per week and saw caitlin , seashell , patrick , dominique , yuko , and lisa . i may have seen some others too , but all of them were super high , good energy and pumped us through class . i hope you enjoy the studio as much as i did ! namaste , charlie
1			food	dirty	rating	negative	service	bad			if you i can give this negative rating , i will . bad customer service . dirty food . don ' t come here .
1			place	worst	vegas	worst			20 bucks to get in and the crowd was scarier than the mix on a sunday afternoon . sorry vegas , this place is the worst
1			circumstance	right	piranhas	cool	boys	typical	feel	upset	place	good	look	trendy	music	amazing no			trendy look , typical go go boys and lots of people standing and drooling over said go go boys . music wasn ' t amazing if i recall , but mostly b c it was trancy not my thing . a good place to get a drink and get the night started but i would not have this be a destination bar again . in fact , i woulndn ' t feel at all upset if i didn ' t get back here the next time i ' m in vegas . that said , it ' s connected to 8 1 2 and there ' s just the one cover charge , so if you go there which per my review you might given the right circumstance , you might check this place out just because . hey , at least you get to see the cool piranhas they have !
2			guy	awesome			as a local i stop here every time i go to caesars . black truffle and artichoke soup . guy is awesome !
2			meal	main	steak	favorite	i	sad	place	amazing			this place was amazing . up until i went to stripsteak my favorite steak place was cut by wolfgang puck . but , given that everything here was amazing the appetizers , main meal , sides and desert it is an overall winner and now at the top of my list . i ' m just sad that it is in vegas and not in la . also i figured it was about $ 200 less than cut for the same meal alcohol combo . be sure to get the donuts with dipping sauce at the end of the night !
2			they	awesome	bite	good	they	crispy	treat	unexpected	cream	sour	it	trendy	spinach	creamed	steakhouses	like	steakhouses	top	steak	like	it	modern	gras	complimentary	sliders	delicious	dinners	best	deal	big no	spinach	awesome			if you like steak or steakhouses , this place is a must try ! ! ! there are so many appealing reasons to go that you have no excuses the next time you ' re in vegas . can you get a discount ? yup ! restaurant . com has $ 50 off certificates you can buy for about $ 4 . is it highly rated ? yup ! esquire magazine has it listed as one of the top 10 steakhouses in the us ! easy to make reservations ? opentable . com easy . is it modern and trendy ? duck fat fries ! ! ! ! we ordered : duck fat fries complimentary foie gras sliders $ 22 potato puree trio $ 14 creamed spinach with bacon sauce $ 10 and we both ordered the ribeye in bone $ 52 each surprisingly , the duck fat fries came free instead of bread , and they were awesome . it came with 3 sauces , truffle , ketchup , and ranch . they were very crispy and you could totally taste the duck goodness in every bite , especially as an aftertaste . i had been meaning to try duck fat fries in la and they have a place on western in ktown , but haven ' t tried them yet so this was an unexpected treat . the sliders were delicious , though only about 2 . 5 bites each . the steaks came out and you could really taste the quality beefiness with the first mouth watering bite . very tender , flavorful and perfectly seasoned , bite after bite was lip smacking good . i love mashed potatoes and the puree trio did not disappoint . they came in 3 blends : wasabi , lobster , and sour cream and chives . of the 3 , i really liked lobster the best and though it didn ' t have any chunks of lobster the flavor was there and really well infused . the other 2 were delicious though and if i had some bread to wipe up the remainder i most definitely would have . the creamed spinach was awesome too , though pretty pricy for $ 10 with the amount they give . not a big deal . we were also given $ 50 credit from mandalay bay because we were staying there and it was part of our package . the restaurant is located in the casino so we actually got $ 100 off with the restaurant . com gift certificate . you can ' t beat that ! one of the best steak dinners i ' ve had and literally half off . beat that suckas ! !
1			tables	empty	tables	open	hostesses	rude	hostesses	condescending	service	horrible			horrible service upon arrival . 6 open tables and we were told it would be a 30 min wait because the hostesses said they didn ' t want to overwhelm their servers . the three hostesses then went on to tell us the restaurant was so very busy and we didn ' t understand , even though we were staring at a restaurant with several empty tables . the hostesses were rude and condescending . one hostess then went on to say our patronage as year round arizonans didn ' t matter . no thank you outback , we ' ll never visit again . oh and we easily spend over $ 1 , 000 every year .
2			portion	amazing	indian	best	service	fantastic	quality	amazing			the best indian food . service is fantastic , and the portion and quality of the food is amazing .
1			jersey	new	i	sorry	restaurants	amazing	i	disappointed	sauce	weird	restaurants	worst			awful . i am sorry i come from edison , new jersey where you have a lot of indian restaurants that are amazing including buffets with restaurant quality food . i travel a lot and have to admit this is one of the worst indian restaurants i have ever eaten . honestly i have had better indian food in kansas city . the food had no flavour . i think my mom could cook better than this . the buffet has no rhyme or reason to it , there are choices like fried fish and then you have paneer with some weird sauce and vegetables . i eat indian food twice a week and was really disappointed . as i spoke to a few people in the restaurant , most were tourists so you get the impression that they probably do not have a lot of repeat clientele . would not recommend and will not go back .
1			she	overwhelmed	food	consistent	part	worst	servers	attentive no	service	mediocre	it	horrible			the food is always consistent but how hard is that it comes out raw . the service on the other hand is mediocre or worse . i have been here a hand full of times and the servers are not very attentive but it doesn ' t really bother me . the last time i went though man it was horrible ! they only had one server and she was running around and you could tell she was overwhelmed . the worst part is she kept sitting people . i took about 30 minutes to get our food and another 30 minutes to receive our check . i haven ' t gone back since , i probably give them another chance after some time .
1			supply	ready	ice	generic	cream	horrible			i will never understand this place . the ice cream is horrible and yet there is a ready supply of college kids waiting to eat it . the gimmick of watching someone add the bling to your ice cream seems to overshadow the actual taste of the end result . i guess if you add enough accessories nobody will notice that the binding agent is worse than generic ice cream served in the dormitory cafeterias . oh , i just figured it out , i get it now .
2			something	new	lamb	delicious	member	friendly	mint	delicious	service	excellent	seating	awkward	member	unique	place	awesome			this place is super awesome ! lamb and mint was delicious , i recommend trying something new each time i received excellent service , and every staff member i encountered was unique and friendly ; and really seemed to fit in with the mood of the place . seating inside is a little awkward , i believe there ' s just a bunch of pews lined up and from time to time you ' ll get sat right next to a family that likes to use their elbows . deserts are to die for : try the peanut butter and jelly pasty !
2			chicken	rosemary	place	awesome			this place is awesome ! ! this was my first time visiting and i will be going back . i had the rosemary chicken and my honey had the italian . delish ! !
2			flavorless	thin	burger	good	fries	decent	day	given	burger	great no	flavorless	soggy	same	flavorless	flavorless	greasy	food	great	wait	bad no			ok , so i ' ve upgraded this experience to 2 stars , but it still probably only deserves a 1 . 5 , which is better than last time . the burger was actually pretty good this time , and the wait wasn ' t that bad . again , this is not a great burger by any means and on any given day you could experience a whopper junior that has more flavor . when the girl asked if i wanted fries , i responded are they still the same thin , soggy , greasy , flavorless , nothing fries or have you changed your recipe to make decent fries ? she just smiled and said they were the same , so i said , no thanks . in and out is obviously a southwest thing . anyone who is from the midwest or east coast expects restaurants to rise above mediocrity , but mediocrity , unfortunately , is what passes for great food in arizona .
2			service	best	place	great	vibe	great	night	elegant	ambiance	great	place	clean	place	awesome			wow ! one of the best service i have ever experienced in my life ! our server name was nina , and she rocks ! the ambiance at this place is great and defiantly a great place for business or an elegant night ! this place is clean and has a great vibe , i will defiantly be coming back and spreading the word around town for this awesome sushi place !
2			i	certain	pizza	expensive	prices	high	thing	cool	it	easy	place	good	it	worth no	feel	bad no	seems	pricey	lasagna	good	pizza	amazing	pizza	awesome	things	amazing			i used to come here all the time with a buddy of mine to chow down on pizza and lasagna . now , i don ' t go out of my way for it so much . this place used to be so good , man . like , super good . they had amazing pizza , though the prices were high . still , we ' d come here every other weekend . we were regulars , and it was our opinion at the time that the pizza here could not be beat . that was then . now , it seems that their pizza is less awesome . i don ' t know whether that ' s because the quality has indeed dropped , or maybe it ' s because i ' ve gotten used to it and now i expect amazing things from this this place . their lasagna is still good , though i ' m certain that it has dropped in quality from where it used to be . because the pizza here is more expensive , it ' s easy for you to spend $ 15 on a meal here . not that it ' s not worth it , but it just seems kinda pricey . the cool thing is that it ' s inside the nyny , so you can eat a ton and then kinda walk around for a little and do the tourist thing . that way you don ' t feel super bad about eating so much !
1			benedict	decent	eggs	overcooked	restaurant	bad			very disappointed with brunch here . i ordered the eggs benedict . the eggs were overcooked cooked all the way through , no running yolk , and they used very little hollandaise sauce . if a restaurant with the word egg in its name cannot make a decent eggs benedict , you know it ' s a bad restaurant . if the yolk doesn ' t run , i run .
2			food	traditional	twist	fancy	service	slow	quality	amazing			i used to have to wine and dine customers and would always take them to mucho gusto . the food is a fancy twist on traditional mexican food and the quality is amazing . the only reason i gave 4 5 is because the service is kind of slow . i would recommend for sure .
2			service	awesome	they	awesome	noodles	drunken	food	awesome			sooooo good ! ! ! i had the drunken noodles and they were awesome ! we took a group of 7 with a 2 year old and then split the check 5 ways the server was extremely accommodating ! i know we asked for a lot and she delivered with a smile awesome service ! awesome food ! !
1			meal	bad	noodles	drunken	restaurant	favorite	soup	good	menus	nice	salad	good	menus	special	tea	delicious	it	love	service	bad			yupha ' s is my favorite thai restaurant in the phoenix metro . my husband and i have been coming here for 3 or 4 years now , and we ' ve never had a bad meal or bad service . they have the most delicious thai iced tea i ' ve ever had . i usually order the chicken pad thai because i love it so much , but i ' ve also had the pad garlic sauce , drunken noodles , boat noodle , and yellow curry . the lunch menu also includes all you can eat soup and salad , which are both very good . we ' ve been in for valentine ' s day and mother ' s day before , and they usually have nice special occasion menus .
1			buffet	worst			the worst buffet i been to in vegas . nuff said !
1			food	horrible	drinks	good	buffet	worst			horrible food , literally the worst buffet i ' ve ever been to . the drinks are good and so is the desert station but not good enough to make up for how awful the food is . hometown buffet is gourmet in comparison ! we had several plates at the table that we ' re finally picked up as we were on our way out . i wouldnt even eat here again for free !
1			thing	good	bartenders	friendly	bartender	rudest	nose	big	one	worst			i ' ve gone to alot of bars here in vegas and by far this one has to be the worst ! ! i read the reviews of friendly bartenders and have to say met the most rudest and racist bartender ever . . i work the same business in food and beverage here in vegas and have never gotten discriminated the way i did and would never treat my customers the way she does i didn ' t get her name but if you go in there you will see who she is a foul mouthed lady with a big nose and trust me you will not want her to serve you . i didn ' t even finish the game cause of this racist lady . the only thing that was good was that i hit a 4 of a kind and had a monterrey burger which was delicious ! !
1			people	friendly	people	rude no	service	bad			i don ' t understand how they are always out of beers on tap ! i live right across the street from this one and get bad service all the time . but i love to go to the hualapai one , the people are friendly and not rude !
2			prices	low	it	bad no	while	cheap	service	great	choice	bad no			was looking for some cheap eats while in las vegas and ended up here . not a bad choice . tons of food , low prices and great service . the tempura coating was a little heavier than what i am accustomed to but it wasn ' t bad at all . all and all , i would come back . . .
1			food	bad	it	bad	food	worst			worst thai food i ' ve ever had . first time i tried them the food was bad , but i gave them the benefit of the doubt , unfortunately it was just as bad . i even ordered something different .
2			gnocchi	amazing	salmon	amazing	server	funny	server	nice	food	fast	decor	simple	souffle	amazing			amazing gnocchi , amazing salmon and sea bass , amazing chocolate souffle . get the truffled chips foodgassmmmm . yeah wolfgang puck has overexpanded , but he neverh as disappointed me even his fast food express places . the server was sooo funny and nice . the decor is simple but u forget everything when u just taste their food . really worth it !
2			mustard	sharp	wine	priced	night	popular	cuts	decadent	meat	cured	cheeses	stinky	atmosphere	good	schedule	tight	feel	intimate	cream	recommend	meat	great	beers	many	moules	traditional	restaurant	small	food	great	appetizer	amazing			point brugge has great food and a good atmosphere . for appetizers , i would really recommend getting the cheese and meat plates . think stinky cheeses , sharp granular mustard , and decadent cuts of great cured meat . hands down favorite for an entree is the traditional moules frites . i would also recommend the ice cream with belgian chocolate sauce . dark and rich . see the photos already posted if you ' re on the fence . they also do fish and pork well here . the mac and cheese is an amazing appetizer that a few friends who came here when they visited me four years ago , still rave about . the only reservation i have is about the wait . the restaurant is small , which gives its layout a more intimate feel than most higher end pittsburgh restaurants , but means that there can be often a wait of at least an hour if you come on a popular night . this can be fun if you ' re with friends or on a date . you ' ll end up squeezed around the bar , enjoying reasonably priced wine or one of their many belgian beers . unfortunately , it also means that it doesn ' t make sense to go here if you ' re starving , if you need to take people out for business , or are on a tight schedule .
1			dessert	cool	place	adorable	anything	bad			the variety of flavors is astounding how do they come up with this stuff ? i haven ' t had anything bad and the place is adorable nice if you want a cool after dinner dessert out on the town .
2			drinks	great	service	fantastic	place	recommend	workers	friendly	place	awesome			this place is awesome the drinks are great their service is fantastic all the workers are friendly . highly recommend this place for locals
1			meal	good	i	full	place	hate	potato	sweet	mood	bad			i honestly use to hate this place and i ' m not sure why ? maybe i was in a bad mood from being hungry ? not sure anyways i wanted a good pasta meal and i ' m so happy i gave oreganos another try . i got the egg plant parmesan and got a lot of it ! and for only $ 9 ! gosh i was so full with only half the dish , my boyfriend got the chicken parmesan sandwhich and he loved it just didn ' t enjoy the side of sweet potato fries . the only down side was the hostess telling us 20 25 mins and we ended up waiting 45 mins but got us seated shortly after i asked how much longer . we will be back for sure !
1			steakhouse	medium	food	ok	service	bad			i ' ve been here a few times and we went for dinner tonight and the food was ok , but the service was beyond bad for a medium end steakhouse . the waiter took 10 minutes to even come over , didn ' t explain the menu or that the dinner includes a salad and we asked for caesar and uncharged us $ 9 without even explaining it . the food took forever and the waiter barely checked on us . after i asked for a check he went to check on 3 other tables and took 10 minutes to get our bill . i wouldn ' t go back ! ! !
1			selection	good	selection	cheap	dance	central	location	particular	walmart	hate	place	hate	store	easy	smells	bad			i am reminded of how much i hate walmart every time i go into this particular location . there are always creepy people , it smells bad , their carts are rickety , their produce dept bad , bakery items spoiled before expiration , and they never have exactly what your looking for in the electronics department . have been there twice looking for dance central and they don ' t have it . would give it one star but the other star is for easy to navigate store , location down the street from my work , and cheap and good selection in the food department . other than that , i hate this place
1			choices	top	restaurant	empty	service	bad			ate here today and have been here plenty of times before . unfortunately the food quality has come way down and the service was very very bad , so much so that we will never go back . was always one of our top choices for korean bbq , but now toward the bottom of our list . first time we have been here where restaurant was empty . and now i know why .
1			it	worth no	cigarettes	old	location	noisy	breakfast	decent	employees	rude	one	worst			wow , what a dump , worst one of our trip to arizona . luckily we used airline miles to book this place because it wasn ' t worth $ . we booked this because we have 2 teenagers with us and could use the extra room of a mini suite . this room was smaller than the super8 room and smelled like old cigarettes . rude employees . noisy location . the only positive was a decent breakfast . will never come back .
2			location	love	nights	certain	pool	free	food	ok	bartenders	awesome			quite honestly , the reason that i am a fan is that they have a lot of pool tables , they offer free pool on certain nights , and the bartenders , male or female , are always awesome . plus , i get this humongous beer for 2 . 50 during happy hour with my pt card . or free if playing 5 quarters . can one really beat this ? okay , maybe , but i still love this location of the pts . the food is okay , but what do you expect ? it ' s a bar .
1			cuisine	authentic	person	picky no	any	like	noodles	ok	place	bad			i have had my share of authentic thai cuisine this place was really bad . and no im not a very picky person lol out of all the items on there buffet maybe 2 were decent . actually only the noodles were ok everything else was notgood at all , not even my kids liked any of it make the trip and go to the mint thai cafe on gilbert rd .
1			i	dumb	job	crappy	communication	key	looked	horrible			if you want a cheap , crappy nail job go to van ' s . complain all you want . it can hurt from to much filing , they can leave bubbles in your nails , and they can file them square when you want them round . . what can you do about it ? nothing . . unless you speak their language , which i unfortunately did not . yes i ' m another dumb american . there are thousands of jobs that do not require one to speak english , but i do not feel this is one of them . communication is key in the service industry . they seriously brought tears to my eyes 3 times and my nails looked horrible . i will not return .
2			food	good	place	awesome	servers	great	drinks	awesome			this place is awesome ! ! ! ! ! don ' t forget to get your locals card if you live in vegas , so you can get 2 for 1 drink specials all of the time . they have good food , great servers , and awesome drinks . . .
1			portions	huge	it	good no	we	tired	it	good	slices	tough	steak	expensive no	rib	prime	sauce	dipping	service	good	reviewers	many	dining	regular	they	full	steak	cheap	it	love	price	bad			huge portions ! ! opens 24 7 ! it was getting late , we were tired , hungry , and just wanted something to eat . thank goodness for the night life in vegas where restaurants closes late or doesn ' t close at all . i know many reviewers stated they enjoyed their cheap steak and eggs , but we were neither late enough or early enough for that . so this review is for regular dining . there is a special every day listed on their board in the front and their website . it was wednesday , so their special was 4oz of lobster tail with 6 oz of steak and two side items . chicken parmesan $ 10 . 49 my younger cousins both loved it . they each had their own order . no side items but had two slices of garlic bread . they were full from the pasta that the bread was not consumed . all included two side items . 10oz prime rib $ 13 . 49 not bad ! i got a coleslaw and hash brown . it came with dipping sauce . not a bad price at all ! turkey dinner $ 8 . 99 it didn ' t look appealing to me when i read the description and it wasn ' t good . the turkey slices were tough . 12oz steak dad chose medium rare , didn ' t try it , but he said it was good . tip : open a membership card to receive their discount booklet . since 4 of us were able to open a card , we took advantage and did just that . it had a 10 % discount of an entree at this cafe not including specials . no limit per a table . good service and food . 18 % gratuity was included for our party of 6 . will be back ! i want to try their inexpensive steak and eggs !
1			service	decent	veggies	ok	night	quiet	effort	sorry	effort	worth	tomato	local no	nothing	terrific	taste	bad	un	large	tomato	ripe no	kabob	undercooked	date	ok	warmth	bad			coulda shoulda been a better meal i was there about a month ago and left with literally a bad taste in my mouth a garlic overload that unfortunately lingered . i had the grilled veggies and fish shish kabob . the veggies were ok but i was left confused by the large un grilled huh ? ! slab of tasteless could not have been local ripe tomato . the kabob had potential but of the three pieces of fish one was undercooked my appetite kinda vanished when i tried it and all mystery fish , salmon and swordfish were placed on top on an excessively garlic sauce . lacking a toothbrush , mints and gum were defeated against its hercules strength . my date had the shrimp with romescu sauce was ok with it . nothing was terrific and some parts fell short of even kinda good service was decent but for a quiet week night a little more effort should have been made . plus the host lacked warmth : sorry but not worth the effort to try again too bad
1			meal	bad			love going there never had a bad meal yet . go at least twice a month .
2			lights	awesome			yuck . all around . dirty , nasty , and tacky ! we had wings there which literally glowed under the awesome black lights . we call them snot wings . there are plenty o ' dive bars out there which are good and good for ya . this is not one of them .
1			service	worst			they lost our reservation , and only tried to fix the situation after we proved to them with the call log on our cell phone that we did indeed call them two weeks prior . we had to stand for 45 min to wait for our table , then once we were seated , i had to wait 25 more minutes for a glass of water . our party of 6 was automatically charged a 19 % gratuity for service that clearly didn ' t earn it . the food wasn ' t anything to write home about either . they pretty much ruined my friend ' s 40th birthday dinner , then did nothing to try and fix it . nothing was comped . avoid this place . it was the worst service i have ever experienced .
1			thing	damn	service	professional no	reps	seasonal	charger	specific	people	real	management	corporate	i	sorry	we	cheap	nerve	damn	lady	elderly	deal	best	reviews	real	hires	seasonal	service	bad			my inetntions were to spend alot of my christmas money at fry ' s . i had 5 gift ideas for family members in mind looking to cross it off my list . my first stop was the computer section where i asked a salesperson what is your best deal on a monitor ? first , he gave me the impression that he was in a rush and had no time to help . after a few ummms and uhhhhs he said we have this monitor that cost $ $ $ . he immediately started to walk away , so i quickly asked is there anything else cheaper perhaps on sale ? he then had the damn nerve to tell me you killin ' me man , that ' s the best deal we have ! i thought what kind of f ' d up response is that ? i was so pissed off that i just told him never mind and proceeded to walk away . he changed his tone instantly and repeatedly tried to say i ' m sorry , i was just playing . bs ! ! ! ! his bad unprofessional service basically made myself as a customer feel like we were being cheap . note : i was prepared to spend $ $ $ $ on several items . i then joined my wife in the camera section where she was looking for a camera and a specific battery charger . i stepped back and watched her shop for it . at one point she walked right passed 6 workers huddled in a circle who were lounging , laughing , and paying no attention to either my wife or her sister . a supervisor then came out and even her didn ' t say can i help you with anything ? i asked my wife to circle back around just to see if any worker would assist her , and again no one said a damn thing . all these seasonal hires that has no knowledge of what their selling and no customer service experience is what we encountered . this lack of service was later re enforced when i asked a question to a sales rep about a top of the line headphones . his reply was i don ' t know this is not my section , then walked away ! he never bothered to say let me find someone who can help you or try to provide a answer . we all left without spending a single a dime there , $ $ $ $ lost in revenue for fry ' s . a very dissapointing visit to say the least . my advice to corporate management is to wake up and equip yourselves . train your staff on the basics of customer service and don ' t hire all these seasonal reps with no experience because that only reflects bad on the company and its overall service . at least the elderly lady at wal mart where we went next did her best and genuinely tried to assist me . she served us with a smile and didn ' t try to make up answers or run away from the transaction or questions . ultimately , majority of our money reserved for electronics were spent at wal mart ! real people , real reviews ! ! ! ! !
1			place	recommend no	ownership	bad	management	bad			bad management , bad ownership . i will not recommend this place to anybody . they treat their employees like shit . i will never go back to this jason ' s deli .
2			value	great	service	wonderful	food	delicious	chae	love	soup	awesome			delicious food ! the service was wonderful . we ordered the bbq and the servers helped us cook the food . it was a great value for the amount of food they give you . i loved the chap chae and the tofu soup was awesome too . we ' ll definitely be back .
2			portions	huge	deal	good	taste	fresh	rolls	unique	seemed	pricey	sushi	awesome			my boyfriend and i went there for the first time because we had a groupon . i am so happy i found this place ! ! ! we only ate sushi so i cant speak for the meals . the sushi was awesome , fresh taste , unique rolls , and huge portions ! at first we thought it seemed pricey but after seeing how big the rolls were it was definitely a good deal . the only reason i am giving it a 4 instead of a 5 star rating is because the service was just so so ; we were one of 4 tables at 3pm and it just took a little longer than we would have liked to get our order taken or to get our food . we will be visiting again !
2			staff	fine	food	typical	group	huge	room	clean	restaurant	real	you	welcome	variety	bad no			pretty typical buffet food . if you ' re at a home buffet , anyway . trying to please a huge group of us that i recently orchestrated a trip to vegas for , we headed over to the bistro buffet thinking that a buffet would not only fit everyone ' s budget , but everyone ' s taste as well . uhm , no . their variety wasn ' t bad but the quality and flavor of their food was . this experience reaffirms why i don ' t do buffets unless their known for being kick ass like the bellagio , and even then , i ' ll 99 % of the time opt not to . the staff was fine . the dining room was clean . besides that , nothing stood out at all . save your appetite and go to a real restaurant . you ' re welcome .
2			foods	tasting	guy	random	trip	nice	staff	awesome	service	bad	it	recommend no	us	wonderful	everything	great	food	good	dishes	awesome	buffet	themed	he	great	moment	basic	breakfast	ok	service	great	attitude	bad	buffet	awesome			went to vegas for my birthday weekend planning to have a nice trip with family and friends . everything was great up until this buffet . we went on saturday for some breakfast which was okay . that experience gets four stars for great service and decent tasting breakfast foods . today , sunday , was an ebtirely different story . wanted to top the weekend off with an awesome luau themed buffet recommended by the awesome staff from yesterday only to be majorly disappointed . excited , we waited in a two and a half hour line which was totally no big based on saturday ' s great service and the awesome hawaiian dishes we were about to experience . then we get to the cashier who cashes out the first half of our party of five but snubs the second half without a basic one moment please just turns around and processes someone else through she knew we were a part of the same party , no excuses for a bad attitude and crap customer service . hostess who sat us was wonderful all smiles . the second host who sat us was less than accompdating . as she was setting silverware i attempted to ask her about the champagne service for brunch because we were craving a couple of mimosas and knew the service would end soon . she blatantly ignored me to scurry off somewhere else . my friend caught her again after a few minutes and she merely told us the sever we had been waiting for to take our drinks would be right with us before scurrying away without waiting for a response . which she probably knew would have been that our waiter hadn ' t come by our table in the twenty minutes we had been sitting there . finally we catch a hold of a random guy serving a nearby table , steve , and he ' s great totally takes our orders and even though its his first day he ' s doing a splendid job . unfortunately , we are unable to get our mimosas because they stopped serving the champagne after 3 : 30 . twenty minutes after we were sat and ten minutes after we finally found a waiter to take our drink order . normally , the sucky service would have just been shrugged off . but being told we didn ' t make it for the champagne when we did and had waited in a two and a half hour line partly for that service . was going to leave only one star but steve ' s awesomeness gets its own star . conclusion : pretty good food but sh*t customer service on sunday brunch days . don ' t wait in line expecting the food to make up for bad customer service . not worth the $ 20 to get in or the $ 13 with the players card . would not come back here and will definitely not recommend it .
2			it	busy	person	picky	place	love	reviews	negative	food	bad no			i don ' t understand all the negative reviews i ' m a picky person and i loved this place . for about 13 . 99 is not bad at all we went saturday around 1 : 30 it was busy but not too busy food was delicious i just wishes there was more variety in the deserts i will be back
2			menu	expensive	you	hungry	it	delicious	script	great	artists	finest	monologue	fine	acumen	great	acumen	technical	treats	micro	barbara	tasting	treats	little	things	amazing			so binkley ' s was all puffed up with not much to show for it . we heard amazing things but our experience felt like being ripped off by the finest con artists out there . the waiters have a great script and the emphasis on the little micro treats between courses doesn ' t make up for the microscopic portions of this tasting menu . we hold as our standard for a tasting menu barbara lynch ' s mentons in boston . while each of their portions are elegantly small , there ' s more than one bite . what irritated me most was the waiters fine monologue about the merits of japanese cobe beef which justified a 17 dollar surcharge on an already expensive menu . when it arrived , it was delicious but i fight to make it more than one bite . forget the theatrics binkley ' s . people want to feel fed and nurtured after a meal , not conned . this chef has great technical acumen but no heart . if you ' re hungry , steer clear of binks !
1			guarantee	full	quality	bad	i	surprised	quality	poor	states	united	company	known	service	bad			i am really surprised about the lady dior poor quality ! ! ! ! ! i bought my lady dior handbag at 5 21 2014 from las vegas , united states of america . however , i have not used the bag yet ! ! because when i arrived home saudi arabia the bag handle was broken ! ! ! how so ! ! ! bad with 4779 . 50 $ , its handle become broken ! ! i went to the dior boutique in my country , which is located in kingdom center level 1 and 2 olaya street , riyadh , saudi arabia , their phone number is 00 966121121 they refused to fix , to replace the bag ! ! ! this is not what i expected from a well known company ! ! ! the lady dior has a full guarantee against any damage of the lady dior handbag . the guarantee should be covered in any dior boutiques worldwide according to daniel davenpot a sell man in a dior boutique in las vegas bellagio . i am currently in saudi arabia and i will not be able to go to las vegas to return the bag ! ! ! bad service ! ! ! bad quality ! ! ! don ' t buy cd
2			appetizer	delicious	restaurant	nice	food	amazing	you	awesome	noodles	homemade	pasta	homemade	appetizer	recommend	kind	pretentious	it	suck	felt	bad	samples	complimentary	it	good	pastas	amazing			okay , we all know the food is amazing , especially since it ' s mario batalli ' s restaurant . however , what impressed me the most was the atmosphere . normally , the $ 50 plate kind of restaurants are incredibly pretentious and as a college student who can ' t afford these kind of meals as often as the rest of the people dining there , it really sucks when you can ' t have fun with your friends and talk during your meal . last time i went to a nice restaurant , my friend and i were almost whispering but at b&b , they had the beatles playing in the background , the waiters were coming by to chitchat , and we even got complimentary samples from the chefs . we didn ' t feel out of place at all and the 5 of us girls had a really good time . the food was amazing . the octopus appetizer which all the waiters recommended was delicious . i never knew octopus could be prepared so well . we ended up getting 2 pastas to split as a first course and then we each got 2nd courses . it was ridiculously filling . the pastas were amazing whenever i see homemade pasta or homemade noodles anywhere on a menu , i have to get it . i also had rabbit for my first time , kind of felt bad due to the cuteness factor of rabbits but damn , if i ever have rabbit , it would only be at b&b . it was prepared in 4 different ways and served on one plate and it was so good ! ! however , what really gave this place that fifth star was the service and the atmosphere . i ' m in love with mario batalli , you are awesome !
2			look	fancy	drinks	alcoholic	experiences	worst	sauce	good	everything	overcooked	everything	salty	none	worth	service	horrible	thing	good	cups	regular	wait	bad no			if i could give this place less than a star , i would . this was hands down one of the worst experiences i ' ve had at a restaurant . walking in , we were greeted right away , and sat right away . after being seated , we had to wait about 15 minutes until we were even looked at by anyone . finally , we were approached by our waiter , who said he would be with us in a few minutes . what ? ! the fifteen minute wait wasn ' t bad enough ? when he finally came bakc , we ordered our drinks . we all got alcoholic drinks and i also asked for some tap water to go alone with my meal . upon returning , he brought back water in a glass bottle . now , i ' ve been to restaurants before , where they put their tap water in glass bottles to make it look more fancy so i thought that ' s what this restaurant did too . wrong . after seeing a couple tables next to us , with just regular cups of water , we flagged down our waiter to ask if this was the tap water we had asked for . he said no , and that they charged for each bottle . we asked how much it was for each bottle , and he said he didn ' t know and would go find out . there were two things wrong with this situation : 1 . how the hell do you not know how much a bottle of water costs ? as a server , you should know your menu inside and out . 2 . it took him fifteen minutes to get back to us with a price , which meant we went fifteen minutes without anything to drink , because we had all finished our drinks as well as the water . 0 stars for service . as for the food , bleh . everything was salty and overcooked . they came by our table at least fifteen times with sausage , but we were only offered their beef items a few times . as for their salad bar , they had a lot of choices , but none of them really worth while . i will say that their chimichurri sauce was pretty good . actually , it was the highlight of the meal . it was the only thing that was actually good . i would never set foot in this place again . horrible service , and sub par food . you are better off going to fogo de chao or texas de brazil .
2			event	open	size	limited	drinks	good	garden	secret	bar	open	beds	private	venue	good no	bartenders	slow	place	classy	thing	suck	path	secret	pool	alternative	place	bad no			bare is mirage ' s answer to an adult alternative pool set european style . means girls can take their tops off giggidy . ahem . guys can take their tops off too . well this place holds 450 or so people . i went here for an open bar event . unfortunately it was kinda a sausagefest . except for the 4 girls in the jacuzzi , giggidy . it ' s a very classy place . just not a good venue for spy on ' s open bar . the other thing that sucked was how security treated me . i mean hello ? i can shut down your operations . yea they were kinda tools until my friends saw me and they pulled me in because i ' m a client . the pool itself is nestled away toward sigfried and roy ' s secret garden . the way to get there is to walk toward the pool then go outside , take the secret garden path , and then follow the signs towards the right . the password is nipple . . nah just kidding . show id walk right in there ' s a bar good drinks for open bar , but the bartenders were kinda slow . a bunch of cabanas , private beds , midgets and bowling . what more can you ask for ? ok no bowling . not a bad place . just limited size .
2			oysters	awesome	calamari	good	he	awesome			went outside my comfort zone and ordered bbq oysters and the rockefeller oysters both awesome but favored the bbq ones . . calamari was good not chewy . . my waiter was an older gentleman james and he was awesome also most definitly coming back *** ! ! ! ! ! ! ! they took the bbq oysters off the menu :
2			people	friendly	they	accurate	spots	favorite	they	helpful	group	large	sushi	amazing			these people are very friendly and accommodating . the sushi is amazing . we get a lot of to go orders for a large group and they are always helpful and accurate on all our orders . this is definitely one of my favorite spots .
1			thai	worst	quality	horrible			the worst pad thai we have ever had and the waitress just threw food at us and ran off . they were understaffed and the quality is horrible .
1			noodles	bad	meat	bad	it	pricey	soup	terrible	place	bad			oh dear this place is just bad . the meat is bad , the noodles are bad , and the soup is completely terrible . and it ' s super pricey . stay away !
1			waitress	friendly no	review	negative	service	bad			this negative review does not apply to all the waitress here in this restuarant . . the waitress that was serving us was not very friendly , he actually had an attitude with me and my boyfriend when we ' re ordering food . never coming back here ever again ! bad service ! .
1			inside	great	they	generous	taste	fresh	meal	hearty	it	good	inside	juicy	place	bad			i dont know why everyone rates this place so bad , i thought it was pretty good , good enough to come here twice ! yea of course expect vegas prices , dont complain about the cost . i had beef noodle soup and added won tons for extra $ 4 that was such a bomb and hearty meal ! had my asian cravings satisfied , they are generous with the meat portions . also ordered some dumplings that tasted great juicy inside and fresh . 2nd time around i ordered pork , seafood soup no noodles ; it came with scallops , shrimp , bbq pork , won tons , squid , and some veggies . filled me up ! i would come here again if i stay in mandalay otherwise its a bit too far from the other hotels .
1			food	worst			ugh . never again . this is by far the worst chinese food i have ever had . trust me on this one ! stay away !
2			things	beautiful	trip	pleasant	tram	old	day	amazing	skywalk	amazing	views	amazing			went up with a tour bus for the groupon $ 99 deal with meals . made the trip planned and pleasant . we had 3 1 2 hours upon arrival did the skywalk which is amazing ! went to guano point the views are even more amazing ! there ' s a walk to the old aerial tram and a point you can walk up . even though you have spent $ 100 plus on the day bring $ 100 extra in cash to shop the hualapai artists under the tent at guano point . they have beautiful things i only had my debit card and fell in love with a pair of earrings and a ring that i couldn ' t buy . i will go again the day was amazing .
1			rolls	bland	soup	bland	soup	fishy	atmosphere	ok	thai	favorite no	day	bad	boy	bad			i know a lot of people really like this restaurant so i ' m chalking it up to a bad day but boy was it bad . i ordered the thai spring rolls to split with my dining companion and a shrimp noodle soup . the thai spring rolls were so very bland how could these be messed up ? and the soup was overly fishy and otherwise bland . the atmosphere was ok though i prefer the family feel to thai gourmet . not my favorite thai place in pittsburgh
1			fact	like	seat	annoying	she	amazing	seat	bad			i love this theatre not a bad seat in the house we saw lisa lampenelli and she was amazing ! ! i like the fact they have cocktail waitresses so you don ' t have to leave your seat which is very annoying to have to all get up because someone needs to leave their seat and get by , this prevents this .
1			spot	good no	things	bad			heard bad things about this spot and after experiencing it personally , it is not a good spot . .
2			deliciousness	homemade	jacks	awesome			wow ! from the fried chicken , to the sides everything is homemade deliciousness , those corn meal flap jacks are awesome and don ' t leave with out some banana pudding . we ' ll be back for sure .
2			night	amazing			opening night for the lion king was amazing . thank you overture for bringing the show in town .
2			deal	great	jennifer	awesome			crystal , manager and lisa jennifer are awesome ! thursday nights are $ 12 all you can eat ribs and it ' s a great deal ! their peach iced tea and apple pie are yummy !
1			chocolate	hot	i	pressed	face	smiling	hazard	big	management	bad	looked	messy	she	rude	service	horrible			the service here is horrible ! i went in very early on friday morning and there were pallets strewn all over the floor right inside the door , hello big time hazard . the store looked messy and there was not a smiling face to be found . when i got to the counter the girl behind it looked like she hadn ' t slept in a week and she was barely functioning . i asked for a peppermint hot chocolate . without even looking up she mumbled that they were out of peppermint . huh ? its black friday at 5am . talk about bad inventory management . she was so rude . starbucks is really loosing me . i would be hard pressed to go into another one anytime soon , but never this location .
2			costco	like	it	fun	dog	hot	slices	huge no	bite	quick	slices	bad no			i like costco . it ' s fun to go to on a saturday to walk around have some samples or a quick bite to eat . beef hot dog or polish with a coke for 1 . 50 cheap . pizza is not bad huge slices for 1 . 99 .
2			buzz	blended	place	unique	place	healthy	wraps	amazing			this place is very unique and healthy ! their wraps are amazing and the blended buzz is very addicting . the only downside is the parking situation . i hate having to pull into this place because i feel like im either holding up traffic or about to get hit . a better idea park at the albertsons parking lot and walk over . it ' ll be worth the few extra steps :
2			it	worth	i	bummed	he	particular	art	crappy	english	decent	he	apologetic	nails	colored	scottsdale	expensive	i	excited	water	warm	tad	dingy	h.	dead	job	good	job	awesome			so katie h . is pretty dead on with the atmosphere and the lack of conversation a tad dingy on the inside , and only one of the girls could speak decent english ; however , i don ' t remember the last time i cared much about the decor in a nail salon or whether or not my technician wanted to carry on some bs chit chat . you can have crappy art on the wall , and you can only say hello for all i care , as long as you do a good job . i was a little bummed that i walked in right after 4 other people , which meant i was the girl waiting with her feet in luke warm water for 30 minutes . honestly though , it was worth the wait . i had the only male in the place , and he was so apologetic that i had to wait i think he may have been even more particular based on that ? who knows . either way , he did an awesome job . i ' m still admiring my nails and toes today got them done yesterday thinking wow ! i think what ' s even better than my fab cajun shrimp colored nails is the fact that it only cost me $ 35 dollars for both the mani and the pedi . scottsdale is super expensive almost all around , but this nail place isn ' t gipping anyone on their service . i ' m excited to go back , and i ' m crossing my fingers i get the guy again ! fyi they prefer tips in cash but will accept it on a debit .
1			hotel	nicest	bed	comfortable	rooms	nice	coffee	horrible			nicest hotel i ' ve stayed at in 3 weeks of travel . only con & the only reason it didn ' t give it 5 stars the coffee is horrible . rooms are modern & very nice & bed is comfortable .
1			food	bad	looks	appealing	!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	awesome	staff	patient	staff	friendly	staff	great	portions	large	service	bad			george is awesome ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! we eat here all the time never had bad food or bad service . the staff is great , friendly , and very patient . the food is always large portions we share a lot , delicious , and looks appealing . it ' s a keeper in the go to place for us .
2			master	awesome	instruct	helpful	skeet	free	space	limited	instructors	awesome			on the first and third thursdays of the month , ben avery offers lessons for women . you get to take three classes for free skeet , trap and sport . and by free , i mean completely free . they give you a box of rounds , shotgun rental , clays , ear eye protection and awesome instructors . after your first 3 lessons , you can continue to join the class , but you have to buy your own clays and rounds . fred the range master in charge of the program is awesome and so is leroy he ' s in charge of the first time visitors . and the ladies from desert rose that instruct the return visitors are so helpful . make sure you sign up in advance for the classes though . space is limited .
1			manager	dumb	guy	little	manager	called	guy	lame	guy	stupid	procedure	stupid	person	stupid	deal	great	service	horrible			i had the worse service at this location yesterday . after my car got hit in a parking lot while it was parked while i was working . i had to take my car in for collision repair . the collision place called this location for me and they came and picked me up . ok so then after going through the whole entire transaction and being told that it was a 50 . 00 deposit and a hold would be placed on my debit card . i had to transfer money from one account to another . i was then told that my card didn ' t go through as it was not the 50 . 00 hold it would be 52 . 00 and due to the fact that i had already transferred what was supposed to be enough it was 2 dollars more . they could not use my card again until 24 hours had went by to redo the transaction . this is one stupid procedure that kept me from getting a rental that i needed . she showed no interest in helping me or even bending the rules a bit to get me a vehicle . the person that was doing the transaction was stupid and her so called manager was dumb as hell and wouldn ' t not come from the back of the room . she just sent some little lame stupid guy to stop me from doing what they think all blacks do is get violent which i do not do . horrible service , a great deal of racial profiling in this location . stay aways from it at all cost . i proceeded to walk over to enterprise rental and got a car and was out of their in 30 minutes at the autoplex center .
1			service	horrible	service	bad			horrible customer service . over changed me on my rental . rented me a scratched , dinged , cracked car and then charge me 50 % over the negotiated rate . in store customer service was just as bad as the 800 service i forced the in store employee to call .
1			installation	horrible			do not do business with this company ! they don ' t clean up after themselves and do horrible installation of screens and black out curtains ! if you need them to fix anything like we have had to have done repeatedly , they will give you the run around . all i can say is they out source everything to other companies ! who will push their business cards on you ! our screens are all fraying and black out curtains were not installed properly ! what a headache . now we need to pay someone else to fix a $ 20 , 000 job !
2			salsa	tasty	beans	spiced	guide	online	chutney	love	memories	wonderful	trout	crusted	shrimp	fantastic	pineapple	fresh	foods	certain	puddings	seasonal	splurges	occasional	fireplace	nice	w	fine	symptoms	crazy	salsa	delicious	queso	scrumptious	cigs	creative	cramps	awful	it	loaded	services	spotty	visit	love	shrimp	battered	fries	love	parmesan	mashed	beverages	like	fries	huge	desserts	amazing			i ' ve eaten here many times since it opened years ago . i loved my first visit so much , i took my mom and her husband for dinner there a few days later ! his fave meal there is the buffalo meatloaf w saut u00e9ed mushroom gravy w sides of parmesan mashed potatoes and spiced pecan green beans . love the spiced pecan green beans ! ! my mom and i adore the seafood entrees served here ; she especially loves the tempura battered shrimp w tortilla slaw , fantastic mango haba u00f1ero chutney and huge steak fries . i regularly order the pecan crusted trout , w c comes w cilantro peach salsa and tortilla slaw . while the peach salsa is so tasty and the slaw delicious and marvelously crunchy , my allergies prevent me from enjoying them , so i always ask for substitutions of mango habanero chutney and spiced pecan green beans , the latter being so sinfully good ! ! [according to the restaurant ' s online nutrtitional guide , it ' s also calorific and loaded w saturated fat , but hey , i don ' t smoke tobacco or creative cigs , nor do drugs , and i rarely drink yeah , what fun am i to have around , eh ? , so i allow myself occasional splurges w certain foods ! so you see , my allergies are blessings of sorts ] in the appetizers menu , the lobster spinach queso , coconut shrimp , chicken quesadilla , crabcakes , and chicken tortilla soup are all scrumptious ! yes , i enjoyed many of these items before i learned that the awful cramps and other seemingly crazy and non sequential symptoms i ' d experience afterwards were caused by food allergies ! desserts here are also pretty amazing . try their seasonal bread puddings ! ! i ' ve tried two versions one w white chocolate and another w liquors of dark chocolate and bourbon , perhaps ? i also enjoy a few appetizers offered at half price during happy hour : buffalo wings , sliders w french fries , onion rings , and ribs ! if you like citrus y beverages , try firebirds ' signature martini , the double black diamond fresh pineapple steeped in citrus vodka and garnished w a pineapple slice ! i did make a phone call about a month ago and found that hh appetizer selections have changed to reflect the seasons , so you may want to call ahead if you ' re like me and suffer from food allergies last , but not least , while table and bar services here can be very spotty , management usually does a fine job w follow ups and corrections . i also enjoy the ambience here reminds me of wonderful childhood memories of summers spent in baguio , the summer capital of luzon . woods , everywhere ! beams , tables , chairs , floors , restrooms there ' s even a nice fireplace !
1			quality	worth no	i	excited	apology	subpar	staff	nice	waitress	rude	things	positive	service	horrible			i heard about this restaurant when i lived in memphis and was very excited to find one in arizona while we were visiting . unfortunately my expectations were far from reality . our waitress was rude from beginning , she only made eye contact with the men at the table and even neglected to enter one of our orders . three dinner entrees arrived 25 minutes later when we had ordered dinners for four . the fourth entree was delivered to our table about another 20 minutes later after everyone else had already finished their meals . the waitress failed to apologize and the manager gave a subpar apology . the food quality was not worth the wait or the horrible service . the only positive things about this visit were the cocktails and the very nice hostess staff .
1			it	worth	it	consistent	they	busy	i	sorry	attitude	huge	response	shocked	reviews	prior	review	bad	owner	rude	reaction	negative	attitude	bad	attitude	terrible	service	bad			never returning . gave this place two shots . first time 30 minute wait for an unmemorable sandwich . second time , called ahead to avoid wait . picked up food . my soup was forgotten . i called to have the charge removed . they cannot refund my money , only the owner can and she ' s at the other location . i ask them to have her call me as i ' m getting irritated at this nonsense . an hour passes , no call . i call other location , owner answers with huge attitude and i explain what happened . she says so you forgot your soup ? bc it ' s of course my fault . she starts babbling complaining about how they ' re short staffed and busy . i really don ' t give a crap about her excuses or staffing levels , i just want my money back . i interrupt her whining and just ask for my money back . she asks if she can call me back . i say no you ' ve wasted far too much of my time . she finally refunds my money with attitude goes look i ' m sorry we forgot your soup , i ' m sorry were short staffed . i cannot possibly explain the owners terrible attitude in this review . . comparable to amy ' s baking co . also , if owner does not trust staff to refund $ 2 . 75 , why should i trust staff to make my sandwiches ? obviously it ' s worth it to the owner to lose a customer and get a bad review over $ 2 . 75 . oh and sandwich was blah , once again . response to owner : i am unconcerned by your customer ' s response . your attempt in shaming me per your shocked client response was actually probably an indicator to said client of the bad service at this biz causing such negative reaction . your attacking response was expected per your prior reviews . it is consistent and backs my account of our interaction . you did not address the fact that your staff is not entrusted to issue refunds , you aggressively apologized and attacked me which is consistent with your bad attitude and you made sure i would no longer spend my money along my coworkers ' and friends ' with this response . none of this would had happened had i just called and gotten a refund . instead i made three calls . mistakes happen . that ' s okay . it ' s when i have to jump through hoops and deal with a rude business owner to get a refund i have a problem . maybe you should trust your employees and this won ' t happen again .
2			company	awesome			appointment set for today this awesome company didn ' t show up and didn ' t call . didn ' t even return my voicemail . wasted half a day waiting move on to someone else if you need a trustworthy company .
1			it	visible	cloud	standing	service	horrid	she	available no	it	clear	service	good	service	bad			i rarely complain even when receiving bad service . however , in this case the service i received or rather didn ' t receive was horrific ! ! ! a few months ago , my mother traveled from overseas to visit my family and i for a 2 weeks . i purchased a room for her at this days inn well in advance and paid in full . we arrived to check in late in the day and were told that my mother ' s room is a smoking room . my mother suffers from a respiratory condition and when we walked into the room it was clear that she would not be able to stay in it . the room stank and had a standing cloud of smoke . it was actually visible ! ! ! we went to the desk and asked to change the room . we were told that there is no other room . when we asked to speak with the manager we were told that she ' s unavailable . when we insisted the person at the desk finally called his manager on her cellular . here ' s where it gets interesting gina padilla , the manager , began blaming me for the situation ! really ? here i was trying to figure out a solution for helping this establishment keep my $ 600 and am being blamed for not landing sooner in the day at the airport . i finally asked for a refund . once again , demonstrating horrid customer service , i was refused ! eventually , i stopped payment on the funds to the days inn and promised gina padilla that i would be writing this review . maybe she can take notes on how to fulfill on a promise to render good service . do not stay here ! ! ! !
1			rep	new	idea	great	costumer	worst			worst costumer service ever ! ! ! after being on the phone for over an hour , the representative says , are you sure you have our service ? and then i ' m disconnected ! ! ! try again , start over with someone who doesn ' t speak english , says he will have to call me back 1 week still waiting ! also , bill went from $ 37 to $ 67 new rep says to cancel wow ! great idea ! ! i give negative 5 stars
1			service	good no	account	new	part	horrible	cox	hate	story	damn	part	worst	customer	new	i	disappointed	phone	smart	i	shocked	service	horrible			horrible . . . horrible . horrible . . . horrible service i am a new customer for cox . when i signed up for new account , they said they gonna provide me 45 . 99 mo but when my first bill came i was shocked to see the bill . the bill was $ 200 . they have charged me $ 65 . 99 mo and added extra $ 60 for modem installation which a guy came and simply plugged in and went and they charged me another $ 60 for router installation . this is the horrible part . i bought the router myself from fry ' s electronics and installed myself . yes , that ' s true ! so when i called them to tell this entire thing what happened they keep on transferring to different people keeping me waited for like 40 minutes on call and the worst part is i have to keep on repeating the same thing again and again . finally , a guy helped and he adjusted my bill for the first month . and for the second month , they again charged me 65 . 99 supposed to be 45 . 99 . i have to call them again and tell the whole damn story and get the bill adjusted . this continued for the 3rd month as well . every month they mess with my bill and they say that they have given me a promotion for 12 months for 45 . 99 . i am very much disappointed with them . and the service is also not very good . every day , i lost my internet connection at around 1pm . my wife had trouble connecting wi fi in her smart phone . they totally disappointed me and i hate cox . i am switching from cox from next month . please think while taking this horrible service .
1			charges	additional	offer	special	service	upgraded	cable	worst			if i could give 0 stars i would . absolutely the worst internet cable provider ever . additional charges , 10 45 minute waits to speak with a customer service representative , often getting hung up on . lying sales people who don ' t tell you their special offer was only for a limited time then receiving bills for 4x what you were quoted . and each time you can never get a hold of customer service representative , but if you hit the button for new or upgraded service you are immediately connected to someone , who apologizes that they can ' t help with your problems and puts you on hold only to be hung up on .
1			it	thin	batter	heavy	food	terrible	it	terrible	it	clear	day	bad			i ' ve eaten here 3 times and i kick myself for going back the other 2 times . the first time it was terrible . it was fish and chips and there was nothing but heavy batter , you had a hard time finding the fish , it must have been thin as a sheet of paper . but i gave it a second chance , figuring it might have been a bad day for the cook . so this time a got adventurous and had a rib eye steak . what a disaster , it was cooked dry , so overly done i couldn ' t cut it with a knife . i asked for medium rare . so , convinced i would not ever go back , until my neighbor begged me to go with her and again , terrible food . this place i would never recommend to anyone and i made it very clear to my neighbor i would not be returning .
2			veggies	canned	thing	regular	food	awful	food	average	bit	little	service	good	gem	real	it	like	place	bad no			unlike other posters we have always had good service . we don ' t do the buffets not really their thing and they should stop . i would also avoid the salad bar . the food is below average but not awful . you could kind of say it is a denny ' s type diner . if you are looking for fresh and healthy this probably isn ' t your place . i go there for my indulgence once in awhile of chicken fried steak . our kids really like it because of the airplanes . it is more of a thing to do then a place to eat . we go 4 5x a year but would never make it a regular thing . i think if they improved food quality and spruced the place up a little bit they could have a real gem . if you want hamburgers or other diner food not a bad place . . they also use canned veggies i don ' t think denny ' s still does that . they should use frozen or fresh don ' t understand why they don ' t .
2			pizza	insane	wings	boneless	wings	wild	day	regular	pizza	good	me	picky	wings	awesome			i really love thus pizza best of all ! the meat lovers is my favorite for a regular day . when we are in the mood for some spicy the southwestern chicken pizza is insane good ! the boneless chicken wings are awesome . me being very picky with chicken i think these are hands down better than buffalo wild wings for sure . if your in the mood for pizza thus is the place to eat ! ! !
1			shower	like	machine	working	everything	outdated	me	sick	water	warm	shower	hot	i	disappointed	food	good no	quality	awful	maids	noisy	service	horrible			i am by no means a hotel snob however , i was highly disappointed with this hotel and this is why : the room everything is outdated and the tv remote looks like it ' s from back to the future . the tv quality is awful . most importantly the shower does not get hot . i even had to complain . the water is luke warm , if that . i have showered at different times in the day and it was always the same . if you like a hot shower , don ' t stay here . the food and service not good . the service in the bar is horrible and the food is not good . the caesar salad almost made me sick . took one bite and it taste like fish that ' s gone bad . yuck . i waited over an hour and a half for my food and they forgot half of it . they also do not have a working expresso machine for you caffeine lovers . this to me is unacceptable . the maids super noisy in the hallways and woke me up multiple times this morning . they were yelling at each other down the hallways in spanish . i mean c ' mon ! ? thanks for cleaning my room but can you be a little quite in the morning ? sheesh . get it together , radisson . will not be staying here on my next work trip , that ' s for sure .
2			gravy	fluffy	gravy	nice	order	right	soup	sour	fortunes	positive	wok	love	mein	love	gravy	big	people	nice	soup	hot	rice	spicy	dish	awesome			we love pei wok . the spicy fried rice extra spicy please is an awesome side dish . the guys love the lo mein but i favor egg foo yong big fluffy and nice gravy or the curry which is some of the best i have had at a chinese joint . the hot & sour soup is a++ full of yummy stuff very well put together i would put it up against any sit down restaurant in town and they would win ! these are nice people they deliver on time , order is always right and the fortunes are always positive !
1			spaces	open	line	long	book	good	disheveled	little	stop	quick	jobs	bad			i have two words for this bank : get toe ! for those phonetically challenge , that is ghetto . i don ' t bank here , but i have a credit card with them and needed to get the 411 on an issue i was having , so i thought i ' d make a quick stop inside . the place seemed a little disheveled as i pulled in . the parking lot was minuscule and the only open spaces had been hijacked by some really bad parking jobs . i walked inside and was greeted by the saddest looking bank interior i have ever seen . i think they were remodeling , but damn , it didn ' t even look like a bank . even the people waiting in the long line looked depressed . but , what do you expect when you have to entrust your money to such a lackadaisical place ! i couldn ' t take the decrepitude , so i left . i know you shouldn ' t judge a book by its cover and maybe not even the inside pages either because the actual book could be really good , but i really hope they hurry up and do something with the place , or i ' m gonna need to take some xanax or cymbalta before i venture inside again .
1			sec	bad	sec	triple	service	bad			bad service , walked out before i even ordered . smelled like bad triple sec .
2			meal	huge	meat	shaved	teas	flavored	i	surprised	it	great	it	amazing			i ' ve been there twice and both times i was surprised at how good it was . the first time i had the falafel sandwich and it was fried perfectly crisp on the outside and bursting with flavor on the inside . the second time i had the gyro platter , which is a mound of shaved gyro meat , pita wedges , jasmine rice and a greek salad . it was all great , right down to the tzatziki you might balk at $ 9 but it ' s a huge meal , definitely worth it . i also suggest the flavored iced teas that they have . really , it was all amazing . you could pick this place up and put it in any city and it would fit right in .
2			staff	amazing			the staff was amazing at our autism walk meeting .
1			grease	nasty	place	old	cleaning	thorough	clean	complete	grease	old	flounder	horrible			visited this place after seeing they offer flounder fish , my favorite . the place is old looking and the inside smells of old nasty cooking grease , really needs to be updated and a thorough cleaning . the flounder was horrible , nasty tasting , no fish taste at all only the breading and mush , no structure to the fish at all . will not return unless the place does a complete clean or remodel .
1			pizza	love	you	wrong	location	worst			this location is the worst ! i love 3p ' s pizza but i can ' t stand this location . if you complain about the service to a manger they will tell you flat out that you are wrong !
2			i	full	burger	yummy	custard	frozen	burger	amazing			went today on my weekly burger fix and i have to say this place rocks . the steak burger was amazing i had a double california style with 1000 island and cheese . very yummy burger and then they have these shoestring fries to go with it amazing . i recommend getting the honey mustard to dip them in . i didn ' t try the frozen custard as i was full from lunch but i will be back for that . freddy ' s you have earned yourself a repeat customer .
2			tip	good	steak	great	people	old	place	outdated	steak	bad no			i think this place is kind of outdated and better steaks can be had at a lot of other places . we went there because we ' re mexican and we had a coupon . seriously , we laught about it , old people and mexicans go there because we have a coupon . it ' s all about the coupon . we ordered the chelada . wow , pretty terrible . leave the chelada making to a mexican . steak was actually not bad . artichoke appetizer rocks . the waitress , who was twelve at the most , was the queen of the upsell , but she graciously gave us the birthday freebie cookie and ice cream . we left a good tip 20 % , is that still considered good ? . imo , if you want a great steak , go to firebirds .
2			insight	great	guy	amazing			my wife used angelo for years before i met her . we then moved to the east coat and she talked me int giving him a try . this guy is amazing . his background with the irs gives him great insight , and he always keeps me on the straight and narrow , but saves me so much money ! !
1			maui	love	service	decent	days	bad			i am all about service and the gentleman that helped me tonight needs a course in customer service . i walked in to make an order and he made me feel as though i was inconveniencing him ! in fact he kept throwing kitchen supplies in the back and when he hung up the phone with a customer before me he slammed the phone down . even more alarming was after i have him my order he threw the pen i used at the register . i get we all have bad days and it looks like he was short staffed didn ' t see anyone else in the back but geez cool your jets in front of customers . service aside the pizza is decent and i love the howie maui .
1			portions	small	choices	many	posters	many	price	low	service	bad			this place is definitly going down hill and resembles a bar , it has too many beer posters cluttering the walls the service is bad , don ' t hold your breath for drink refills . my wife ordered an ice tea and got a water then politely reminded that she also wanted ice tea . she never got the ice tea however they charged us for it and then a manager had to get involved to delete it off the check . the portions are very small so the low price value goes out the window when a entree salad is the size of a side salad . many better choices exist in this area for the same price point .
2			place	love	staff	amazing	office	amazing			amazing staff ! amazing office and even better dentists . we love this place and would never consider going anywhere else .
1			croissant	horrible			horrible breakfast croissant ever ! ! might have had sand in it . don ' t wast your money !
1			myself	desperate	looks	scary	experience	worst			quite literally the worst experience i ' ve ever had taking my car into a shop . a few weeks ago i found myself desperate for an oil change . this was the first place i called that could get me in the same day and it is fairly close to my office . as i pulled up i had a feeling that i should ' ve just immediately left the place looks scary from the outside and the barbed wire fence is extremely uninviting . i went against my gut feeling and i decided to take my appointment as scheduled and boy do i regret it ! after giving them the keys to my car and waiting patiently for 45 minutes one of the technicians came out to the waiting area and asked for my assistance in the back to take a look at my hood . after changing my oil he must have tried closing the hood while there was something blocking it from shutting . my hood no longer closed properly and was roughly a 1 4 off . to fix this cost me $ 200 at the infiniti body shop . as if that wasn ' t bad enough , less than a day after my oil change i noticed my car was leaking oil ! i took it in the infiniti maintenance center for an inspection and they told me that my oil pan has been punctured . another $ 200 repair . in total their poorly done oil change ended up costing me over $ 430 for their fee and the repairs . do not trust these people with your car !
1			service	worst	behavior	acceptable	them	recommend no	company	horrible			protech is a horrible company . their customer service is the worst i ' ve run into in a long time . they decided today that yelling at me and then transferring me to a tech is acceptable behavior for a business to have . i would not recommend them to anyone .
1			people	rude	what	like	they	like	service	horrible			just experienced the same horrible customer service from a debra , which could very well be the owner , since the owners name is debra . had been assigned her thru my warranty company . i immediately called the warranty company and told them they shouldn ' t be using such rude people . they are cancelling the job with them and reassigning the work to someone else . if they start out being rude taking your order i cant imagine what they would be like if you let them in your house . this house is in az tho i am not .
2			hairstylist	amazing	color	beautiful	cut	amazing			when i moved here from california i had a really hard time finding an amazing hairstylist . when i had alisha t . do my hair she gave me exactly what i wanted . the cut is amazing and the color is beautiful .
1			experience	personal no	they	horrible			not gonna say they ' re all horrible but some of the people here at the counter are completely rude , full of attitude and down right ignorant . they need people skills training . but then again it is not just my personal experience that la fitness does not care for their image nor for their current members .
1			hotel	recommend	casino	smoky	slots	miserable	guests	miserable	casino	worst			this is absolutely the worst casino i have ever been to . the slots are miserable , the guests at the casino are all miserable . the guests at the hotel are all miserable . the buffet was a joke . the casino was nothing but smoky . this casino is in the middle of nowhere so if you are staying and decide you want to go and do something else you are pretty much out of luck ! ! ! i would never recommend this casino hotel to anyone !
1			it	recommend	nails	small	nails	sore	experience	horrible	i	positive	them	uneven	work	sloppy	i	careful	they	rude	them	round	nails	shiny	place	horrible	place	busy no	i	square	review	bad	it	ok	salon	usual	woman	professional	skin	sensitive	color	new	place	bad			this place was horrible ! ! ! ! i usually go to shiny nails on 67th and happy valley but i wanted to get my nails done with a friend who lives in that area . i figured it would be okay since i just needed a fill and a new gel color but nope ! the woman who did my nails was in such a hurry she wasn ' t even paying attention even though the place wasn ' t busy at all and they had employees just sitting around doing nothing . i have really small nails so when they use the tool to smooth out the nail , sometimes they will hit the skin around my nail . this woman literally made every single one of my fingers bleed , i have scabs all around my nails and four days later and my nails are still so sore . when i told her my skin is sensitive and please to be more careful , she told me it was my fault cause i was moving ! ! then she continued to do it and it got worse after that ! i also asked for my nails to be very square and she made them round and completely uneven . at the end she charged my card and when i asked if i could add a tip she said no , they can ' t do tips on credit cards ! i didn ' t have any cash on me so i didn ' t tip her . they should have a sign or something telling their customers in advance cause not everyone carries cash . i am pretty positive the woman who did my nails was the owner or manger by the way she acted so you would think she would be more professional . the who situation just blew my mind . i ended up going to my usual nail salon a day later so they could fix the sloppy work this place did . my friends experience was also horrible . i will never go there again and i will never recommend it to anyone . i guess i learned my lesson on trying a different salon . if you can go anywhere else , do it ! not only is the work they do horrible but they are rude as well ! i am not the type to look up a place just to write a bad review but this place was so bad that i had to . hope this helps anyone looking to get their nails done there my advice , stay away ! ! :
2			looks	nice no	facility	awesome	rooms	awesome			ok i have a confession to make . i ' m not jewish ! but that does not stop me from loving the jcc ! so i was introduced to the jcc by a jewish friend of mine who is a member there . once she asked me if i wanted to come work out with her there , and i figured why not it looks really nice from the outside ! it is an awesome facility as far as gyms go in the area . very new , top of the line equipment . . including pilate ' s machines , awesome locker rooms with saunas and jacuzzis , tons of class rooms , cafe , and much more . i ' m not sure how much it is to be a member there . . and there is the fact that i ' m not jewish , but hey this gym is top of the line !
2			guys	awesome	mike	fantastic	everyone	amazing			these guys are awesome . i have no idea what we would have done during the monsoon season without them . mike , our tech , is fantastic ~ always goes above and beyond in everything he does . and everyone at the company is amazing to deal with . thank you again and again for everything you ' ve done this summer .
2			food	authentic	food	amazing	home	awesome			amazing authentic baja food . brings me back to the beach . awesome home made tortillas . the tortilla maker is upfront , so you can see them make and heat the tortillas .
2			puddle	visible	appearance	dingy	it	fine	food	mediocre	it	oily	it	spicy	area	main	food	decent	service	horrible no			i decided to walk in here on a whim , and kinda regret doing so . the food could have been pretty decent , but it was extremely oily . there was a visible puddle of oil left after i scooped the meat and veggies out of the plate they were delivered to , and onto the rice . outside of that it was fine , it was pleasantly spicy , and would have otherwise been mediocre chinese food i prefer thai in any case . this is definitely a place geared for delivery . the internal appearance was very dingy , and as another reviewer commented , there are boxes and things sitting around out in the main area . the service wasn ' t horrible ; it ' s not exactly sit down service ; you order from a counter , but i did have the food brought to my table . had the food not been so greasy seriously , they could have used 1 4th the oil they did , which still would have been a little much , but certainly within the realm of ' okay ' for my standards , and had the internal decor been a bit better remove the boxes , ensure everything is clean and a bit better lit , and i could see giving this place another star or two but as it was , i regretted going in .
1			service	horrible			car was there and ready , however no information was given on a $ 350 deposit on the car , and my girlfriend didn ' t have the money in the account . they would not speak with me over the phone or allow me to pay online . horrible customer service and policies . too worried about lawsuits to a hysteria driven level . never going to rent a car from this company again . enterprise booked a car for less and no deposit , and accepted my card information online with verification .
2			feeling	upbeat	atmosphere	awesome			awesome atmosphere ! ! ! great looking crew , and always an upbeat feeling ! the front desk ladies always make this place even better , who would of thought that was possible !
2			it	necessary	food	awesome	area	little	area	unassuming	feel	welcome	waitress	great	food	good	breakfast	favorite	i	mistaken	atmosphere	love	job	great	breakfast	new	crepes	awesome			this is literally my first review of an eatery . i don ' t usually find it necessary to go on these sites to do so . i think recommending a place to friends and family is a much more useful tool . that said , i find it necessary to tell people that i found my new favorite breakfast and lunch stop . to begin with , i love the atmosphere . located in an unassuming little strip mall area , they do a great job making it feel removed . the food was awesome ! i ' ve been here for breakfast , awesome crepes ! now i ' ve been here for lunch ! fantastic ! food is just that good ! the only concern i have is the host area . a bit slow in attentiveness . yet , i was soon repaid for my patience with a great waitress ! also , the manager came to our table and checked in on us , making us feel very welcome and attended to . i believe her name was angela ? sorry if i ' m mistaken ! ! just went the extra step in service . we are sure to make this place a habit . i ' m dying to try the specials ! we recommend highly to our friends and family !
1			experience	worst			the worst experience i had for car rental ever . i have been using budget rental many years at different locations and never had any problem . i went to them with my reservation and showed it to the representative dustin . he asked me if i want different car and my answer was no . but he gave me upgrade $ 31 day without any notice . i did had question with final charge but he said the discount will show later i had a bcd code . it turns out that i was charged for a luxury car . when i complained , they treated me like a liar . i will never do business with someone who never honor their customers .
1			reasons	sufficient	address	new	way	horrible			warning ! ! ! ! you will not be able to cancel canceling gold ' s gym is like pulling teeth . they actually rejected my cancellation saying that i did not have sufficient reasons because my new address is 24 miles away from the gym as the crow flies we all know in az that nearly covers the whole valley . the process is asinine you have to mail them a certified letter and await a response . this is a horrible way to do business and is evidence that they are bleeding membership . stay away if you don ' t want to get into a contract more binding than a marriage !
1			lady	young	choice	obvious	area	great	seemed	embarrassed	place	busy	product	great	amenities	less	she	willing no	guide	friendly	place	overcrowded no	gym	expensive	they	embarrassed	facility	great	memberships	basic	member	former	staff	friendly	seemed	great	something	bad			i recently moved here from co . i was a member at the ymca of boulder valley and was very happy . so , fast forward 5 months and i ' m looking for a gym . the y was an obvious choice to check out . i took a tour at approx 10am on a monday . the place was fairly busy , but not overcrowded . the staff were all friendly and the facility seemed great . the child watch area was great . the child watch staff were playing with the kids . this is what i expect at the y . when it was time to talk about price , the outgoing and friendly tour guide got shy . i knew something bad was coming because the extroverted young lady seemed embarrassed . well , now i know why . $ 70 a month for a single membership , plus $ 100 reg fee ! even she wasn ' t willing to turn that positive . she knew they had a great product , but was embarrassed that the y charged so much . as a former member , she was going to try to snag me a better deal . however , i haven ' t heard back yet . ymca staff , if you read this . . understand that you have the most expensive gym in the area . even lifetime fitness mall and spa have lower rates . come on ! golds gym is a great facility less amenities , i know right down the street , i could buy 7 basic memberships there for what you are charging . seven ! this rate is 40 % more than what i was paying at the ymca of boulder valley and they had an ice rink ! which is very expensive to operate . i could afford to come join here . however , at the end of the day , i have a duty to my family to be financially responsible . it would be irresponsible of anyone to pay you more than everyone i mean everyone else in town . sad .
1			bucks	expensive	change	normal	wheels	hot	gash	new	it	normal	it	clear	service	bad			we took our car in there for the normal service , oil change , tire rotate , bah bah bah 200 plus bucks , which is expensive , but we like to say that all the cars service has been done at the dealership when we go to sale a car . we will never bring our car back to these jokers . when we picked up the car , the steering wheel was starched and gashed . we took it right back in and they immediately said they didn ' t do it and that it was normal wear and tear . then the manager tried to say make up from my wife was the issue , it ' s my daily driver and i don ' t wear makeup and last time i checked makeup doesn ' t gash faces when applied . they then offered to replace the steer wheel that they supposedly didn ' t damage at employee pricing with no labor . umm if you didn ' t do the damage why would you offer to do that . the fact is that they knew they did the damage , but still tried to get into my pocket book for more money . it was very clear the gash was new because of the color and where it was at . i wouldn ' t even let these guys service a kids hot wheels car . . . very bad service !
1			it	late	restaurant	empty	service	good	i	right	it	horrible			this review is not about the food . it is strictly about their service . it is horrible ! as i just got done sitting at our table for 25 min with no drinks , no i ' ll be right with you nothing we got up and began to leave a pretty much empty restaurant our waitress met us and asked if she could take our order . i let her know it was a bit too late for her token service . so i took my family to another restaurant i know has good service .
1			dish	flavorful	chicken	sweet	noodle	salty	chicken	sour	pineapples	fresh	dish	traditional	it	edible no	it	horrible			we went there for dinner in april 2011 . the dishes are hit and miss , and all are over priced . my wife ordered pad thai , and it was horrible . instead of the traditional , flavorful dish with peanut and bean sprout , this dish at flo ' s is just a salty , chicken noodle . my wife and i both took a bite , we had to send it back . it was not edible . too salty . only chicken and rice noodle . there was no peanut , no bean sprout , no pepper , no egg , no . . basically , it was not a pad thai at all . on the upside , my son ordered a sweet&sour chicken , and it was better than most places . they used fresh pineapples . based on food quality , ambience , and dinner prices , i say there are tons of other places that are better .
2			rubs	dry	brats	recommend	meats	great	place	awesome			this place is awesome ! great quality meats , dry rubs , smoking woods you pay more for the meat than you would at fry ' s , but you get what you pay for . i highly recommend the az cardinal brats .
2			fan	hot	pizzas	individual	crust	good	pizzas	good	night	loud	they	crispy	they	meaty	them	like	ones	awesome			i am a hot wing fan and this place has some pretty awesome ones . they ' re always meaty and crispy . sometimes they need more sauce , as i like them saucey , but the waitress will easily comply with that request . their individual pizzas are very good , they have lots of topping choices and they have good crust . reasonably priced and great for a loud night out with friends .
1			looked	cheap	looked	scary	looked	horrible	part	worst	quality	good	wait	long	he	hungry	sports	casual	taste	horrible			so where do i start ? came here 2 nights ago with a bunch of guys of course . they all had beers me on the other hand well i don ' t drink which leads to me to review on the food and service . i ordered one of their wraps it took over 30 mins to arrive after placing my order . why did it take that long to get to me ? my friends said they messed up on my order oh and the worst part after the long wait it didn ' t have any flavor and the taste was horrible ! i had wedges with my wrap and that was decent . i suggest only coming here if you ' re a guy looking for a casual sports bar to have drinks with friends and don ' t order any of the food items . my other friend ordered a chicken sandwich and it looked really scary he didn ' t want to eat it but he was really hungry . my other friend ordered the nachos from my view it looked really cheap and horrible . no good quality here when it comes to food . parking wasn ' t a problem . seating wasn ' t a problem . very casual . i would never be caught in a bww again first and last visit for me . can ' t believe i spent 2 hours in here . yuck . next .
1			we	disappointed	steak	soggy	steak	nasty	fingers	horrible			we ordered delivery and was greatly disappointed ! chicken fingers were horrible and my philly steak was soggy and nasty . when i called back to complain staff was very rude and said no one ever complains and that is what a philly is . she was a major bitch and has no idea what customer service is . i hope they are out of business soon !
2			she	helpful	she	nice	ladies	friendly	room	great	staff	great	she	awesome			unlike other reviewers said , with me , they have always answered their phones promptly and the front desk ladies are always very friendly . the entire staff so far has been great . my baby is seen by doctor lillie , and she ' s awesome , she ' s very nice and helpful and doesn ' t mind answering all the questions i always have for her . i also never have to wait in the waiting room for too long , which is great .
1			experience	worst	he	rude	breaks	bad	reviews	bad			please do not take your car here . . worst experience ever ! ! ! i wish i would have took the time to read the bad reviews on this place before i took my car here last week and paid for them to mess it up ! ! i strongly recommend you take your call somewhere else . i took my car in last week to have the breaks done as soon as i left the place my car now shakes when i drive it no matter what speed i am going . i took my car back to them today because obviously it had to be something they did since it was not going on until after i left . the man that looked at my car today just started the car drove it in and out the garage then came and told me it was the tires . how could it be the tires if this was not happening before coming to get my breaks done by them . he was extremely rude and my car would have been better off with the bad breaks and no shaking . i will never go here again and i hope this saves you form making a mistake and taking your car here ! ! !
2			scott	late	service	awesome	person	picky	food	awesome			for a midnight craving you need to stop by balboa and get your food groovy on . the late shift scott will take care of you ! the food and service was awesome . i give this place a five star and believe me im a very picky person when it come to pizza love it love it love it ' ll
1			tacos	hard	street	busy	location	particular	tacos	soft	food	good	cheeseburger	good	you	bored	foodwise	memorable	food	fast	service	bad			wow , this particular location is situated on a busy street and yet nobody has done a review ? ok so here ' s mine . when it comes to fast food taco joints the two names that come to mind are taco bell and del taco . im telling you right now , i am never gonna do a review for taco bell unless i am blown away by some memorable event foodwise . del taco has better choices , specials , and heck , you can even order a burger off their menu if you ' re bored with tacos or just wanna change it up a bit . that ' s pretty bold i think and i do admit that their bacon double del cheeseburger is pretty good . a lot of people tend to go here on tuesday nights for dinner . why ? because tuesdays are taco nights ! this is what a lot of college going students live for ! a lot of good food for not a lot of money ! most places have 2 tacos for 99 cents or 3 for 1 . 29 ! you can choose either hard or soft tacos . i think the most tacos i ever ordered were 40 ! i had a grip of people up in my house and i only paid around 20 bucks for a boat load of tacos ! hell yeah ! just about everything on their menu is the bomb ! i have yet to begun to scratch the surface ! also i dont ever remember getting any bad service from these guys whether its this location or another . most locations are 24 hours so for you peeps that get the munchies at 2 in the morning for some reason or another you know who you are ! , then you are definitely covered ! so for more info on their menu , go to : www . deltaco . com
1			they	rude	felt	unwelcome	impression	worst			this review is for the two employees who happen to be working at the time , not about geico as a whole . i have never felt so unwelcome in a business as these two associates made me feel . they were so blatantly rude and acted like we were wasting their time . i went in with a couple questions and they acted like we didn ' t even deserve the time of day . i have never been in a geico office thanks for the worst first impression ever . doesn ' t even deserve one star but i had to pick one
1			people	many	bartender	poor	work	new	place	like	he	busy	attitude	bad	service	bad			some of the staff is wonderful ! but there is one who has no customer services skills . i asked for a bloody mary , which he refused to make because he was busy there weren ' t many people in the bar . he overcharged for my drinks . he handled me being angry about this so poorly . i ' ve never had such bad service , to the point of calling in to complain he just had a bad attitude and was overall a poor bartender . also , the sign says 3 doller well drinks , but apparently on weekends , they ' re 5 . they don ' t tell you that til you close your tab and see your receipt . the sign says nightly not weeknights . i usually like this place alright , when i ' m just there for karaoke . but the bar side needs work . like , new staff work .
2			jessica	awesome			jessica was awesome . i ' ll definitely come back here .
1			tan	free	feet	crazy	girl	friendly	looks	horrible			so i had a coupon for a free mystic tan . . off i go to use it before it expired . i have done the mystic before just not here . thankfully they did not try to hard sell me on a package . the girl was really friendly who helped me . but i had a bit of a wait so by the time i was called the girl who was helping me was gone . so i go back with the replacement sales girl & she explains the process . she tells me not to wear the booties on my feet since they will leave a ring around them . so i dont & guess what ? i end up with crazy dark feet underneath . it looks horrible . i scrubbed and scrubbed but that didnt do much to fade them . i had to give myself a pedicure to try and remove the freakish color . there is still a trace of color but i did my best . i wont be going back there again thats for sure . . even for another freebie .
1			bartender	horrible			the bartender here is horrible , she only caters to the men . i had to ask for a dinner menu yet i was the first in the place . she made sure the two men sitting on my side were taken care of . normally , i would give morton ' s 5 stars but she ruined this location . there was a problem with our crab cakes and the manager said he would take them off but she still charged us for them .
1			potatos	bland	pancakes	horrible			the red velvet pancakes were horrible and brown , and potatos were over cooked and bland . . would not recommend
1			i	pleased no	clerk	pleasant no	taxi	worst			worst taxi cab company ever ! after over an hour of waiting they completely forgot about me . stay away ! they didn ' t even want to give me an estimated wait time , first cab company i hear that from and the clerk on the phone was very unpleasant i am not pleased at all , i ' d rather keep calling desert cab .
1			day	busy	meat	little	sandwich	pretty	quality	good	store	empty	location	worst			ok so i ' ll start by saying i used to work for jm at other locations fl , nv . for the longest time i wouldn ' t go near another franchise subway , quiznos , etc . lately however , i find the prices at jm to be rediculous for some of their sandwiches . $ 10 for a giant ? ! seriously ? they used to be 8 bucks . for someone like me who gets their philly steak with just cheese and onions it makes for a pretty measly sandwich . we used to throw in a little extra meat if someone didn ' t want any other toppings otherwise the meat gets lost in the bread . this location is by far the worst i have ever been to . the employees at mcdonalds and taco bell have a higher iq and a better attitude . ordered a philly steak with just onions . how easy is that ? not easy enough i guess . luckily i was watching and noticed her throw on peppers instead of onions . i would understand if it was a busy day and there was a line of people with lots of orders how it can get mixed up but the store was empty and i was the only person there . there were other employees hanging out on one side of the store talking loudly with either friends or co workers cursing , making out , etc . one of the girls even mentioned loudly how she had to go pick up her mom from prison bc she just got released . lol anyway the food is still good quality but make sure if you are going to go to any jm find a coupon first . lots of bogo coupons and stuff out there . def worth it if you get a bogo .
2			fact	sad	diner	average	style	awesome	we	excited	steaks	dry	part	memorable	diner	prior	we	disappointed	dinner	great	steak	good	filet	amazing			my friend and i are in town for the rock n roll marathon and we ' re excited to have a great steak dinner the night before our run . unfortunately we ' ve had better steak at texas roadhouse . : our steaks were very dry and didn ' t have much flavor . for $ 50 we expected an amazing filet and we ' re disappointed . it could be we ' re from colorado and our expectations of a good steak are higher than your average diner , so i ' ll give them that . my wine glass had leftover lipstick from a prior diner and they did remedy the situation with comping the wine and our dessert . i do have to say the brussel sprouts , tagahashi style were awesome but the fact that the most memorable part of out dinner was brussel sprouts is quite sad . i ' d say skip this one .
1			shirt	expensive	cleaner	dry	cleaner	worst			by far , the worst dry cleaner in the area . i brought a rather expensive shirt for cleaning and when i got it back , the front pocket was on the inside ! ! ! how did that happen ? i can only assume that it was ripped off by accident and they tried to sew it back on without me knowing . only thing is , they put it on backward ! when i went back to the store to complain , they became confrontational and they said there was no way that it could have happened . i offered to provide pictures of the shirt from when i wore it last and they continued to be conrontational . i would never use this place again and i have reported them to the better business bureau . do not go to this place ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
1			service	worst			worst customer service ever !
2			course	challenging	place	love	fairways	narrow	drink	free	deal	great	game	best	descriptions	detailed	starter	amazing			my fiance and i love this place ! we were visiting my parents for christmas and found a great deal on golfnow . i ' ve been playing for a year , sean has been playing forever . the course was super challenging , as in narrow fairways , lots of homes on both sides , and desert landscaping that is a magnet for golf balls at least mine . the starter was amazing . he drove us out to the 1st tee , gave us detailed descriptions and tips about the course , where the bathrooms are , etc . we even got free drink coupons to use when the cart lady came around . the customer service was better than my game even thought i golfed my best game yet ! . i cannot wait to come back ! ! ! ! ! ! i wish courses in the bay area were like this place .
2			store	convenient	mall	awesome			awesome mall . they have everything you can dream of . they have a abc store which is convenient for people staying north of the strip .
1			service	horrible	night	slow	service	bad			i came here for dinner last night 11 6 13 . one star for the bad service . we sat there without being greeted by our server for about 15 minutes . servers were walking our section but just kept ignoring us . finally once someone came we placed all our orders and i felt like it still took longer than usual to get our drinks . our server had a feeling like either he was asked to stay late to take our table or as if he came in late for his shift and had to hit the ground running and catch up . either way the food was the food . it ' s a chain restaurant . might stop by for happy hour one day to try some drinks but not again for dinner . such horrible service for such a slow night .
1			inside	disgusting	service	horrible			i come here all the time and i wish i had never got out the car . the inside of this place is disgusting . dirty . and always check your order because the last two times they forgot my tortillas and my dessert . i won ' t be back . and i plan on contacting corporate . service was horrible .
2			you	good	day	good	tuesday	fitting	it	bad no			fitting to write a review of fat tuesday on fat tuesday so here it is ! it doesn ' t matter what day of the week it is , everyday is a good day for a fat tuesday . needless to say , one yard dog is more than enough to guarantee you a good time . thanks to jaymie s . , my first drink here was a 190 octane with 2 shots of everclear . a total of 8 shots . it was quite the struggle to finish it once it came down to the last bit , but it wasn ' t too bad prior to that . just make you do a lot of stirring and just inhale your drink like no other . get past the brain freeze and you ' re good to go plus your taste buds will thank you for it later . my party each had our own yard dog and let ' s just say we were all giddy and giggly for the next couple of hours . be warned . these babies sneak up on you , but thank them , they bring you a bundle of fun .
1			standard	new no	salmon	terrible	service	bad	place	busy	experience	horrible			honestly , i have enjoyed this place many times in the past but tonight had a horrible experience . the place was busy but shouldn ' t be an excuse for bad customer service . also my first order was lost amd finally came the salmon was terrible i actually spit it out on my plate . i hope this is not the new standard .
1			experience	painful	authority	recommend no	replacement	simple	story	long	communication	horrible			definitely unreliable they projected a two day repair , but ended up keeping my car much longer four days for a simple rear bumper replacement . also , they told me that they would call me when they receive the parts , but never kept that promise , either . they do not call you with updates , either , although they promise that as well . communication is horrible and reaching your estimator is difficult , as they are always away from their desks and they don ' t call you back if and when you leave voice messages . they work with hertz and enterprise for rental . i chose hertz and regret that big time , too ! long story short , having to work with these guys was a painful experience for me on top of getting my car hit in a parking lot ! i do not recommend collision authority under any circumstance !
1			star	negative	place	horrible			if i could put negative 1 star i would , this place is beyond horrible . i ordered a chicken sandwich which gave me food poisoning . when i was at the drive thru , i literally worried 20 30 mins that ' s what i could remember from when i started keeping tracking i probably stayed there longer . if i could back up and leave i would ' ve but there were cars behind me . recommend not to go .
1			bread	like	fish	fresh	bread	fresh	restaurant	traditional	look	appetizing no	ravioli	ok	dividers	real	bread	crappy	spots	local	bread	good no	service	great	cpk	real	place	bad			a california pizza kitchen in nevada , this must be a mirage or something . first off , my friends and his buddies were in town so not my choice of place to eat . so vegas locals , don ' t burn me at the stake for eating here . yes i committed a sin , forgive me . like most restaurants at a casino , you feel like you ' re eating at the casino . if you get the outside booths , you literally will be within 1 feet of customers waiting in line , with no real dividers . investing in glass dividers to allow for some privacy would help . luckily , we got one of the inside booths . the bread wasn ' t very good , questionably stale . i usually like the bread at cpk too . if sushi bars can get fresh fish to the desert , cpk should be able to get some non crappy fresh bread . the four cheese ravioli with saut u00e9ed mushroom was just okay . usually saut u00e9ed mushrooms have more flavor , but it was just lacking in the dish . after finishing the dish , i felt that disgusted can ' t believe i ate that feeling . just something about the sauce made me feel this way . my friend ' s spaghetti with tomato and meat sauce just didn ' t look very appetizing . he took a couple of bites and stopped . food came out fairly quickly , but don ' t expect to really get the great service of a traditional restaurant . you will have to flag the waiters if you want anything . my meal came out to around $ 16 , which for a casino restaurant isn ' t bad . but had i gone to local spots , i would get better food and value . not a bad place , but pales in comparison to the real cpk back in california .
1			fish	good no	tasted	old	cocktail	horrible			went to lunch . no lunch specials . device so so . the shrimp cocktail was horrible . no flavor . shrimp were not deveined and tasted old . the music was blasting for the liking of the servers and not the customers . the lemon fish was not good . i would fire the cook and focus on the customers . there is much better around the area .
1			salesman	horrible	service	worst	account	personal	customer	worst			this is the worst service ever ! it ' s saturday and i walked in as the 3rd person to be helped and i ' ve been here over a hour . the salesman has been talking with 1 customer for over 45min and they just left and didn ' t buy anything he just gave them info , horrible salesman and then he left for break when there are now 10 people waiting . the employees have no sense of urgency and don ' t know what they ' re talking about . i have a business account but changed my personal account to verizon , thank god . as soon as my last contract is up i will be done with them . beware of sprint , worst customer service in the industry .
1			service	worst			worst customer service ever . waited 45 minutes with an appointment and walked out dissatisfied for the second time . why don ' t i stop their service ? because they ' ll charge me $ 700 for a phone i had for a month . i wanted to just give it back but they said that ' s fine it ' ll cost you $ 700 .
2			guy	funny	looks	funny	part	best	show	awesome			when i told my friends and coworkers that i had tickets to carrot top more than a few people gave me funny looks . i heard murmurs of lame and saw a couple of raised eyebrows . what can i say ? their loss ! ! ! ! went to carrot top on a saturday night . sat in the front row . had a blast ! this guy was so funny and over the top . i would definitely see his show again . the best part is his music montage at the end . the people who left a few minutes early to beat the rush are idiots . i plan on rubbing it in to all my non believer friends just how awesome this show is .
1			he	bad			saturday and the dog is a dirty coming from willow beach and at 5 : 15 they refused to allow us to wash our dog because they need an hour ? to clean up ? the last baths are at 5pm thats lame if i owned the businesses i ' d say is he that bad come on down ! no one is customer service oriented anymore !
1			it	great	it	good	thing	closest	pizza	like	slice	quick	ambiance	bad			it ' s a pizza joint . don ' t come for the decor . but do come for the pizza . probably the closest thing to ny pizza in vegas . it ' s not gourmet , but it ' s consistently good . i like the pizza better than dom demarco ' s which is sometimes great and sometimes bad , but the ambiance is bad . this isn ' t a date place , but it ' s great for a quick slice or for take out .
1			place	favorite	they	bad			this place that fuck up the . food without salt and to fucken . cold and . the charger ex for . to go order it ' s was my favorite place but now they are so bad
1			side	pale	choice	healthy	sweetener	like	part	best	chicken	sour	color	golden	appetizers	safe	it	greasy	salads	huge	it	undercooked	mine	preferred	us	seated	n	sweet	part	worst			worst part about this meal was length of wait . took quite a long time for the waiter to greet us once seated and he was only prepared to take our drink orders . in total probably took close to 1 . 5 hours for lunch and we got there around 11 : 45 am [so not busy time] . we had been sitting outside long enough we already knew what we wanted to eat . ordered an ice tea , had to remind the guy twice that i would like some sweetener with my tea . . awesome . i also just realized we never got our sauces at all , like they didn ' t even make it to the table . my co worker wanted to start off w the salt n pepper calamari . i would skip this . it was over breaded and maybe undercooked ? i think the oil they fried it is was not hot enough . it was missing the golden brown color you would typically expect from fried food , it was on the pale yellow side . and it was pretty greasy . we didn ' t finish it . got huge salads [these were very good] i also asked for the dressing on the side , as well as , the lime dressing on the side too [saw it was lower in calories on their nutrition facts] . lime dressing never showed . ate the salad right up , maybe the best part of the meal . i ordered the sweet n sour chicken , which on the nutritional info on their site says it ' s lower in calories and fat . it came out fried . my co worker ordered chicken n broccoli [a very healthy choice] it came out not fried . i think i would ' ve preferred mine to be not fried chicken [it didn ' t say it was fried on the menu] and add more veggies . they do have outside seating so if this makes you happy , i ' d sit outside order drinks and stick w ' safe appetizers ' like the pot stickers or lettuce wraps . i don ' t think i have to go back to this location .
2			nurses	helpful	it	hard	daughter	new	staff	awesome	job	amazing	nurses	awesome	cut	excellent	nurses	friendly	it	difficult	everything	great	words	great	words	informative	us	comfortable	nurses	attentive	doctors	awesome	sw	medical	words	amazing			my wife just recently delivered our new baby daughter , abby . the staff , nurses , and doctors at sw medical were just absolutely awesome . as part of our ob , we met with 3 doctors skinner , kashap , and schwartz . all were amazing , friendly , and informative . when we were told that my wife had to have a c section , we chose doctor paula schwartz to perform the surgery . this review is based on her work with us . two words absolutely amazing ! ! dr . schwartz is so down to earth , easy going , informative , and just great to work with . she made us comfortable , provided us with the information we needed , and kept us in the loop . as for the surgery , she did an amazing job with the surgery . my wife ' s cut was excellent and she healed perfectly . i can not thank doctor schwartz enough . if we could , we would definitely hug her . well deserved ! ! as for the ob office , very clean , very courteous , and very professional . we rarely waited more than 15 minutes . once we were in , the nurses were attentive , friendly , and helpful . the only negative that i would say is that it was difficult to make appointments . i guess they outsourced this and it is hard to get an exact date and time . otherwise , everything was great .
2			i	right	dance	dead	attitude	cool	view	amazing			twelve dollars for a rum and coke that ' s mostly coke ? $ 7 for a budweiser ? how can i say no ? easily . toss in a bouncer who was trying to screw us over saying he wouldn ' t accept my pass and i had to pay $ 25 to get in . a crowd of thehotel patrons , some decently cool but most with a yah brah attitude which i never mingled well with . top it off with a near dead dance floor and poorly designed lay out leaving half the patrons away from the back but crowding the front and the bar , not uncommon . the only reason i came here is because the yelp crowd choose this destination . when several of them decided to hit the casino floor i was right behind them . one star for the amazing view of the strip from the balcony . a second star for the guy who used a line from roger dodger to try and pick up one of my friends , and was cool about it when i called him on it .
2			food	terrible no	interior	amazing	dining	worst	views	amazing			we went to mix with a party of eight to celebrate my friend ' s 30th birthday . while the views and the interior of the restaurant were amazing , the food and service left much to be desired . to begin with , the hostess didn ' t ask if we ' d prefer to sit inside or outside . we ended up sitting outside the heat and the altitude began to make us all feel nauseated . i also made the mistake of wearing heels to the restaurant the floor of the patio was like a deck and my heel kept getting stuck in the floor . also , every time someone walked by the table , it felt like the floor was shaking wish i would have known to bring dramamine to dinner . when the waiter came to our table he asked if we had a show to attend . we should have said yes as this might have lead to quicker service . we ended up not ordering wine or cocktails for the table due to the nausea , and the waiter seemed to write our table off . after we placed our food order , it took an hour for dinner to come . while the food when it did come wasn ' t terrible , it definitely wasn ' t worth the $ 90 person we ended up spending . the waiter didn ' t come to check on us at all throughout the meal . he even spent 20 minutes flirting with some girls at the table next to us while we were waiting for our bill . when we complained to the manager at the end of the meal , he asked why we didn ' t come speak with him since he was outside the whole time . i don ' t know about your experiences , but in other restaurants , the manager usually circulates and checks on each table themselves rather than waiting for diners to come up to them . one of the worst dining experiences i ' ve ever had . i will definitely not be going back to mix .
1			restaurants	many	we	impressed	food	good	view	great	restaurants	great	atmosphere	nice	service	bad			the food is good but the service is bad . two hours , forgot drinks , forgot food , took too long to order after dinner drinks and dessert . yet they still added a twenty percent tip ! wtf ! i was only with 6 people . we were very un impressed by the wait staff and servers . great view , nice atmosphere but won ' t be back . too many other great restaurants in the area .
2			place	great	day	long	music	good	view	amazing			if its your first or 5th time in vegas , this is a must ! the view is amazing ! great place to relax over drinks after a long day and unwind with some good music !
1			fries	mediocre	reason	odd	dogs	pricey	posters	nice	choice	bad			nothing really great about this place . they ' ve got nice posters on the wall , but that ' s about it . their fries are mediocre at best , and the dogs are pricey . oh and instead of having a baseball game on like they should , they decided for some odd reason to have fox news on . bad choice . go to weinersnitzel ' s on eastern serene instead . you ' re not missing anything , and it ' s cheaper .
2			fruits	fresh	place	awesome			awesome place to get fresh fruits and veggies .
1			feel	comfortable	appointment	separate	doctor	regular	place	great	place	horrible			great place to get a b 12 shots but a horrible place to use as your regular doctor . this is the kind of office that judges you instead of helps you . they do not make me feel comfortable about discussing my health concerns and even became rude when i expressed a different opinion then them . wasted my time and money . i scheduled up pap smear and medication request . when i arrived i was informed that she will hundred dollars covered one or the other but not both . they said i would have to make separate appointment to request medication . um , why can ' t i handle it all in one visit ?
1			anxiety	extreme	sister	poor	place	horrible	anxiety	social	someone	rude	i	mad	part	worst			horrible horrible horrible place ! ruined my sister ' s birthday . the owner got on the phone and told me , as much as i need to make money of my clients to pay my bills and feed myself , you should have taken the initiative to measure the back yard and kept going on and on . i was so mad i had to hand the phone back to the delivery man . how the hell we were supposed to know the size when they never told us ? i ' ve never met someone so rude in my entire life . he literally ruined my poor sister ' s birthday . the worst part is she has extreme social anxiety and it was a surprise for her to be with her friends and family . thanks as***** .
2			mall	small	mall	little	amount	small	milk	powdered	business	busy	it	recommend no	tea	close no	range	wide	bobba	easy	i	surprised	taste	tough	it	rare	jelly	tough	it	bad no			missed the mark easy life bobba is located on south durango and west desert inn , inside a small little strip mall between chase bank and the pet hospital . strolling in around 9pm i was surprised to see a fairly busy business . when ordering i was a little unsure of what to get as the menu is extensive with a wide range of options . you can see the time and effort that has gone into the menu which i respect . i ended up with the strawberry fluff with strawberries , kiwi , banana with lychee and jellies on top . i also ordered a milk tea with bobba for myself . i ' ll start by saying i had a sample of the fluff and it wasn ' t to bad . as i only sampled a small amount i can ' t really comment to much but i will say the jelly was a little tough . as for my milk tea , i had to throw it out . i don ' t like being a waste and it ' s very very rare i won ' t eat something but this wasn ' t even remotely good . the milk tea taste like powdered milk and the bobba was so tough it seemed like it had been sitting out and dried up . i was thinking 3 stars , 1 open till 10pm 2 variety on the menu 3 the yelp check in offer . but the milk tea just wasn ' t even close to being appetizing . now maybe it was an off night , maybe my taste buds blew a fuse but as for now , it ' s not really a place i want to visit again and i can ' t recommend it to anyone . overall service : 3 5 drink : 0 5 cleanliness : 4 5 coming back : no
2			attitude	positive	she	fun	service	amazing	day	bad	she	sweet	cheyenne	amazing			cheyenne at this location was absolutely amazing ! ! she was so sweet and fun and you can tell she actually really cares about the concerns and happiness of the customer . i was having a really bad day and was crying when i pulled up to the window and the moment she saw me and started talking to me with such a positive attitude it completely changed my mood ! ! amazing customer service and someone should really consider giving that girl a raise .
1			she	rude	manager	new	she	professional no	place	worst			this has to be the worst place to bring you kids for ortho ! ! ! ! ! ! first off you make an appointment and they dont see see you for over an hour but if your late they make you reschedule . the otho dr . she will not even speak to if you ask questions she walks away and gets her staff to come talk to you . and the new ortho manager she is very rude and unprofessional everytime you ask a question the first thing out of her mouth is you can go somewhere else . this place is a nighmare stay away far far away ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
2			it	busy	beni	delicious	food	delicious	bit	hard	requests	special	place	awesome	waiter	friendly	it	bad no			the food was delicious , every one of the six different meals ordered by my group looked like something i would really enjoy . my bueno beni southwestern eggs bennidict was delicious . the waiter was incredibly friendly and executed each of our special requests perfectly . complaints : egg was basted a bit too hard , it took forever to get a table and the food took a long time to come out . this is really to be expected at an awesome breakfast place at 10am on saturday morning . they also had a tough time with a group of six at a really busy time , like almost everywhere . it was much less busy by noon , and looked like it wouldn ' t have been bad had we gotten there early . all things considered i would definitely go again , and probably will work my way through most of the menu .
1			places	nice	fortune	bad	amy	full	they	terrible	trim	simple	service	terrible	amy	rude	end	high	haircut	worst			went there to get a simple trim and the rude and full of herself master stylist amy cut my hair . i had the bad fortune of getting the worst haircut of my life . she could not seem to get my hair to be even and ended up cutting three inches off after i told her i didn ' t want more than 1 inch cut off . on top of that the layers are done horribly and look like a 3 year old did it . do not go here . the customer service was terrible , the stylists there act like they work at a high end salon but really theres a reason they don ' t work at nice places : because they are terrible at their jobs .
2			i	addicted	combo	best	service	upbeat	service	friendly	they	amazing	deal	awesome			need a break for the stress ' s of your life ? i have the best combo for you facial and massage at roni josef ! i have been addicted to this combo for over 2 years now and always see the same two girls . kristin for massage and stephanie for a facial . you must see them ! they are amazing ! also , check for specials . i just got both 1 hour treatments for only $ 95 for their birthday special . awesome deal ! they usually have something running at most times and they range from $ 95 to $ 130 for both when they are usually close to $ 100 each ! the service is always friendly and upbeat . i always enjoy my time here . so when your yelping fingers need some r and r get down here and let these ladies pamper you .
1			looked	tacky	coat	top	rating	high	bowl	little	back	straight	looked	good	it	comfortable no	polishes	standard	cushy	nice	pedicure	worst	salon	cosmopolitan	lighting	low	i	comfortable no	vegas	tacky	i	positive	water	fake	position	awkward	tacky	wicked	pedicure	new	pedicure	awful	quality	low	ambiance	weird	place	bad			i honestly have absolutely no idea how this place has such a high rating . i am positive it wasn ' t just the experience or the person that i had ; the place was just bad ! ! i went for a pedicure , and it was the worst pedicure of my entire life . when i think of a pedicure chair , i think of one of those nice cushy massaging pedicure chairs with the attached tub . i ' ve had varying degrees of newness , cleanliness , and comfortableness with those pedicure chairs , but never in my life have a had a pedicure in anything but those chairs . atolv did not even have pedicure chairs ! they had rickety red straight back chairs no different than you might find in a college dorm and super tacky looking . for the foot tub , they had a little bowl , like from walmart , filled with water that cooled off very quickly imagine that , and fake , wicked tacky rose petals . as you can probably imagine , a straight back , non reclining chair and a bowl of water didn ' t work out too well . it was so uncomfortable . i had to really use my leg muscles to hold myself upright with my feet in the bowl . for the out of the water stuff , they have you rest your foot on the nail person ' s thigh which i was really uncomfortable doing , not just because i had to assume an awkward position due to the chair , but also because i was resting on someone ' s thigh that was awkwardly hunched over to do my nails the massage was sub par , and the actual treatment of my nails was really really sub par . she got nail polish on my skin and did not remove it , and used some low quality top coat certainly not opi or any of the standard polishes , and it wasn ' t shiney at all . the coat started chipping off in 2 weeks , which was fine because it gave me an excuse to get a new pedicure as this one never looked good in the first place . the ambiance was also weird . if you stereotype tacky tacky las vegas , this is it . it sort of tried to go for a black and red , quasi movie star , pseudo edgy decor , but it failed on all fronts and just looked tacky , right down to the red carpet in front of the door . the lighting in the room where they did the pedicures was so low that i honestly could not even clearly see the color i was selecting for my nails . i ' ll stick with asian run places in the future . and for $ 60 ? ? i pay half that back in boston for a far better pedi , and i ' m sure i can find a far better pedi for a far better price in vegas too . heck , i ' ll pay the $ 75 or $ 80 at the cosmopolitan salon just for an experience worth paying for , because i probably would ' ve gotten more for my $ 60 if i stuck it in a slot machine than paying for that awful pedicure .
1			mortgage	high	parking	ridiculous	bums	lazy	people	rudest	bumps	horrible			if you are searching for a condo , find a condo . . these are apartments ! ! not condos . the speed bumps are horrible , parking is ridiculous . and since they are privately owned , anyone and i mean anyone can move in . some of the loudest and rudest people . and to get security to get off their lazy bums is not going to happen . unless they happen to be out on patrol . its a gated community yet cars are broken into , or spray painted on . hoa is of no help either , not to mention if you end up buying be leary . . they allow hud ! which brings the property value down on your home . but alas some of us are stuck here in the points recreation . until we can get out of the screw ball of paying mortgage too high for an apartment ! its just not worth it .
2			place	best	food	terrific			from the staff to the regulars , this is by far the best place in town . the food is terrific , the staff particularly john , the manager treat you like family , and you can ' t beat the value .
2			sushi	wonderful	boat	wooden	menu	interesting	crab	fake	place	small	employees	friendly	thing	real	waitress	happy no	things	enjoyable	employees	nice	food	fresh	menu	regular	experience	best no	everything	fresh	location	convenient	place	comfortable	item	available no	it	great no	sushi	bad no			i went to hana expecting wonderful sushi . it wasn ' t . there were some very enjoyable things about hana , and although it wouldn ' t be my first choice , i would go back if the choice was up to someone else . the location is very convenient . the place is small , and comfortable . it looks inviting , and the employees are friendly . they have a very interesting menu , but i had sushi only on this visit . the sushi is served in a decorative wooden boat . everything was very fresh , but not what i hoped for the sushi was not bad , it just wasn ' t great . it was a bit loosely rolled , and fell apart too easily . they used fake crab instead of the real thing , but did not make that clear on their menu , and they did not have a couple of the things on their menu . i was really looking forward to their tamago . they had not made any that day . the waitress who corrected my order and refunded the money i was charged for the tamago was not happy . it didn ' t seem to bother her that an item on their regular menu was not available , and i had been charged . what bothered her is that she had to correct the sale and give me back the overcharge . it wasn ' t the best experience , but as i said , the food was very fresh , and except for that one waitress , the employees were very nice . i will probably give the place another try , it just won ' t be for a while .
2			i	adventurous	hummus	good	fillet	ok	chicken	ok	fan	huge	choice	good	it	bad no			ok , i was trying to be adventurous for the group . i don ' t really have a palate for lebanese food , but it wasn ' t bad . i am a huge fan of fatoosh salad and that was definitely a good choice . the table ordered 4 dishes that included filet pieces and chicken pieces with rice , a ground meat concoction and a hummus appetizer . the hummus was good . the fillet and chicken were ok . if i were talked into going again , i ' d probably order a gyro next time .
1			restaurant	good	disappointment	big	food	like	pizza	worst			just had the worst pizza of my life . it was all sauce , barely any cheese and overall a big disappointment . called the manager ; she told me that margherita pizzas are usually not recommended for delivery or pickup . hmm . . never heard that one before and i wasn ' t made aware of this when i placed the order . . she offered no refund or replacement . i said nothing , i just wanted them to know because it was like having bread and sauce . any good restaurant would offer some sort of compensation . i could have asked for one , i didn ' t call for that but it says a lot about them . we ' ve liked their food in the past so this was interesting .
2			prices	worth	service	friendly	it	amazing			i totally agree with helen h , i had the same dish and it was amazing . this is definitely my korean restaurant of choice in c u clean , modern , incredibly and fast friendly service . the only downside is the menu being slightly confusing for someone who doesn ' t understand korean , but i respect they don ' t ' dumb it down ' too much ! prices are slightly higher than campustown , but totally worth the $ 2 more .
2			joint	best	bartenders	awesome			best joint your going to find in the east valley and awesome bartenders
1			part	bad			adrenaline junkies unite ! similar to supreme scream @ knotts in brea , but way better since you ' re higher by about 10x more . only bad part i have to say about this ride , is being the clumsy me i smacked my head against the harness right before i got on . but very fun and a must try .
1			case	worst			do not eat here my husband got food poisoning . my husband went to ceasar ' s and had lunch at plant hollywood he ordered a turkey sandwich with fries sounds harmless , well later that day he got the worst case of food poisoning that landed him at the er .
2			everyone	friendly	place	favorite	food	awesome			archis is my favorite thai place of all time ! i can go on and on about their food . their tom yum , tom kha , pad thai , papaya salad , and thai tea are my favs ! ! ! oh and their pad prik king sp ? yum ! ive tried other thai places , and i always come running back to archis ! ! the only one complaint i have was a couple of times there was this one guy server that seemed like he was saying fml fml fml in his head everytime he served us . seemed like he didnt want to be there or serve us . so everytime i ate there i prayed i didnt have him as my server . other than him , everyone else is very friendly and the food is awesome ! ! !
1			service	bad			bad customer service refer to my tip from today .
2			salad	amazing			amazing peking duck salad . i also had the scallops . delicious ! ! !
1			ford.kicker	old	alamo	worst			alamo at mc carran is the worst ever . paid for escalade got a very old looking ford . kicker was while we were trying to get reduction for being overcharged my sons backpack was stolen by their personnel during the ten minutes we were disputing the bill . they took his christmas present watch and his golf tournament polo shirt and phone charger . he was heartbroken and the employees stonewalled for the employee who was in the vehicle . the employee had mysteriously gone on an unscheduled break and did not return . despite this we have received no response from alamo they do not return our calls . we tried to file a report with the airport police but we told they could not take the report because we were no longer in vegas ? ? ? airport police told us we should file a report where we live unheard of . the employees now have the perfect set up to rip off customers because you are left with no recourse when you return home .
2			suite	comfortable	festivities	great	center	great	internet	wireless	check	simple	gym	typical	kitchen	full	fridge	full	speed	high	resort	awesome	area	awesome	eve	new	suite	spacious	air	cold	hotel	awesome			awesome resort about a half mile off of the strip . we stayed here for 2 nights , and the trip was for spending new years eve in vegas . check in was simple , and i appreciated the fact that they asked for our names so that no visitors can just walk into the resort without being accompanied by a registered guest . the room princess suite was spacious and comfortable . we really appreciated the full kitchen and loved having the full fridge to store booze in what else would it be for ? . felt more like an apartment than a hotel room , which worked out great for all our friends joining us for some new years eve festivities . i used both the pool area and the fitness center , the fitness center was great , and had way more than a typical hotel gym . the pool area was awesome , as it is indoor outdoor so you can enter in the warmth of the indoors and swim outdoors without dying of pneumonia in that cold desert air . the only complaint i have about the hotel is that the website states that the rooms include high speed internet wired and wireless , however it is included with a charge of 12 . 99 day . overall , an awesome off strip hotel .
1			service	worst			customer service here is the worst i have ever experienced . i will not shop at bass pro again . i bought a gun and had to wait 3 days to pick it up . when i went to pick it up , you have to take a number to get waited on , i got my number and with one person in front of me , had to wait for over an hour to be waited on so i could get my gun . there were at least 4 people working behind the counter and most of what they did was talk to each other . i will shop elsewhere from now on .
1			ass	bad			such a bad ass restaurant . do not go here ! ! if they say the waiting time is 10 minutes it is for at least for an hour . if you try to make a complain of their information they will say how the hell do i know when they leave ? they think they are serving you for a free . they will treat you like a dirt .
2			everything	good	experience	great	they	awesome	kids	cute	places	many	they	good	wife	lovely	sauce	amazing			whoo hoo ! a friend from nogales brought me one of these tortas 4 years ago & i ' ve been hooked since . gustavo the owner & his lovely wife and their 2 cute kids are the beginning of this great experience . everything here is good and a whole lot cheaper than many bona fide mexican places . my favorite is the pollo ahogado , aka drowned chicken torta . it has avocado , just a few jalapenos and is the only way i ' ve ever been able to eat those , and the most amazing red sauce . i ask for the salsa inside the sandwich just to be sure . you will need 15 20 napkins and may not be able to conquer the whole thing if you ' re a chica like me . by the way . . if you go in here twice , you get treated like a friend . they are awesome . oh ! and the boing juices are from one of the only union run beverage cooperatives in mexico . : they ' re good , too .
2			table	wrong	seasoning	great	vanilla	great	insides	soft	it	homemade	sauce	like	pile	generous	pond	huge	donuts	delicious	toppings	creative	food	delicious	brunch	great	sauces	dipping	side	pricey	sauces	raspberry	outside	crispy	benedict	fantastic	fan	big	food	little	toppings	traditional	mix	homemade	meal	terrific			great brunch ! started with the donut appetizer the vanilla , chocolate and raspberry dipping sauces are great but the donuts are also delicious without any sauce . i ordered the crab benedict and my husband ordered the chicken and waffle . as soon as noon rolled around the bartender brought out my bloody mary . i was disappointed that the only garnish was a lemon wedge , i ' m a big fan of traditional and creative bloody mary toppings . nonetheless , i enjoyed the mix not sure if it ' s homemade . my husband enjoyed his chicken and waffle , but had to remove a huge melting pond of butter from the middle of the waffle . my crab benedict was fantastic as well , well poached eggs atop an english muffin homemade ? with a generous pile of lump crabmeat . i especially liked the hollandaise sauce which was particularly lemony , which complemented the crabmeat well . the roasted potatoes that came with the meal were perfectly cooked , soft insides and crispy outside with great seasoning . the food was a little on the pricey side , so we won ' t be regulars , but it was a terrific meal . our server was a bit too nonchalant and actually left the wrong table ' s check with us at first , but everything came out as we ordered it and the food was delicious , so we ' ll overlook it .
2			he	energetic	food	tasty	food	simple	he	friendly	downtown	late	server	awesome			pretty good place to go for a late dinner downtown . food was simple , but tasty . our server was awesome . we asked him places to recommend for drinks after , and he gave us about 15 ! he was energetic and really friendly . i ' d come back here for sure !
2			service	terrible	food	bad no			meh . i don ' t know . this was good . just good . my fiance enjoyed this more than i did . the food was a 3 for me , the service ? 1 or 2 , probably a 1 . i think we were there 2 hours to get a beer each and a burger . they had a burger with brie and a lamb burger . i order anything with brie , and my other half orders anything with lamb . so , that was good . and the food wasn ' t bad i just can ' t get over the terrible service .
2			staple	old	stella	mediocre	tray	wooden	decor	decent	place	trendy	eggs	deviled	tray	little	place	comfortable	food	average	it	bad no			just another nuevo trendy place with average food at best . six bucks for made to order potato chips which , after quizzing the waitress , we came to find out are just potato slices that they fry when you order them and not before . even more comical were the $ 6 deviled eggs . yep , you read that right this joint has managed to make that old picnic staple into an in entre . nothing spectacular about them at all just 6 deviled eggs in a little wooden tray . at least we only had to pay $ 5 for ten ounces of a mediocre beer stella to wash it down . not that it was all bad . it ' s a comfortable place with a decent decor . but in short , if you are concerned more about buzz than quality or value , this may be the place for you .
2			room	excellent	room	large	parking	free	location	awesome			awesome location and free parking ! they also have a large isolated room that is excellent for studying . i think this might be the same location as 3401 blvd of the allies .
2			it	underwhelming	it	sad	wine	good	i	certain	sandwich	dry	sandwich	rubbery	flavor	little	deal	awesome			the wine is decently priced but the food is just edible . went here on a tuesday night because we ' d gone to postino the night before for their awesome monday tuesday night deal $ 20 for bottle of wine and bruschetta platter and didn ' t want to go two nights in a row . that was probably a mistake . i ' m fairly certain the mac & cheese is made with velveeta , and the pork sandwich was dry and rubbery . the side of green beens was undercooked and had little flavor . everything was just meh . we did have good wine but it was all very underwhelming and sad .
1			whine	local	b	great	tips	good	them	close	economy	bad			ok , so i was going to give this place 4 stars , maybe even 5 , but after having a great b fast there last week i thought i would take all of my family who is in town this week , to b fast there this sunday . when i called to make reservations for 8 people , i was told they don ' t take reservations on the weekends , as if , you would need them any other time . so i kindly told the guy on the phone , well you ' re loosing my business . he , of course , had no reponse . he is the same guy who wonders why at 30 hes working at a restaurant . and i seriously don ' t want to hear this local business whine about the bad economy making them close . i will tell them to shut up b c they just turned down 8 people who drink a ton of alcohol and give good tips . i can guarantee they ' ll whine anyway , and then close , and then wonder what happened . everyone will be shocked but me . it might not be this year , but trust me with that kind of customer service people will go elsewhere .
2			feel	satisfied	restaurant	pricey	it	enormous	portions	large	it	worth	rib	prime	steakhouse	amazing			this amazing steakhouse is a diamond in the rough at excalibur . it ' s definitely a pricey restaurant , but well worth it . steak entrees only come with the steak , no sides . a baked potato side is $ 6 and it ' s enormous . the steaks themselves were very large portions . we had the filet mignon and prime rib and didn ' t feel we needed the sides to feel satisfied with the meal . the steaks were cooked to perfection . great find in excalibur !
2			it	love	atmosphere	great	fan	huge	dining	full	job	good	fan	huge no	hibachi	main	feel	welcome	veggies	amazing			i ' m not a huge fan of sushi , but i can honestly say i enjoyed this place a lot . we took my wife out for her birthday here as she is a huge fan of sushi , she and the rest of our party loved it . i ordered saba which is the mackerel and i absolutely loved it . i also ordered tako which is the octopus along with my main meal hibachi chicken and shrimp . the veggies that came with the dinner were amazing ! the atmosphere here is great and the staff do a good job of making you feel welcome . they came out and sang to my wife for her birthday which was happy birthday in dutch . i though that was funny touch and made our party laugh . they do a good job of giving you a full dining experience . 5 star beginning to end !
1			review	bad			was excited to try this place but giving a bad review because thwy wouldn ' t deliver 1 block outside their delivery radius .
1			food	delicious	place	favorite	server	new	services	horrible			by far our most favorite place for breakfast , we always go to the black bear in havasu too ! came into glendale location for a saturday breakfast to sit down for a change since we usually take to go . again . . delicious food , i had the california benedict yumm , hubby had meat lovers omelette and he ' s taking half home . i had to write the 4 star review since the services literally was horrible ! we waited and waited and waited for every single thing ! no drink refills , would stop at other tables with our food drinks and go to her manager to ask before dropping off . i would request a new server if i had again . c ' mon black bear we ' ve always known you for amazon food and service ** disappointed **
1			party	great	drink	quick	place	bad			not a bad place to go for a quick drink . get in early because this place fills up really quick and it gets really crowded . every time we go i can barely move around . there saint patrick ' s day party are great especially , if you have children . you can just sit outside and let them run around . the only downside is they do run out of corned beef hash quickly .
2			it	gross	%	bad	it	bad	thanks	good	one	good no	food	terrible	experience	awful	decor	nice	representation	perfect	burgers	multiple	it	rare	they	gross	guys	hungry	it	cheap no	patty	tiny	tots	delicious	it	bad no			this place is the perfect representation of scottsdale : all appearance and no substance . the decor is very nice and the service is good thanks renee , but the food is just terrible , terrible , terrible . 100 % of everything was bad . wait , i take that back , the smothered tots were delicious , but about the quality of chef boyardee if he made smothered tots . so my friend and i sat and each ordered multiple burgers they have a 3 oz portion . between us we ordered 5 different burgers and each was inedible . seriously , we were hungry guys and we like burgers . we couldn ' t eat this crap . it wasn ' t just bad it was gross . for example , both of the ground beef burgers we got were still pink on the inside and for a tiny 3oz patty you really have to try to cook it rare . then , to really illustrate how awful this experience was , i picked up two pb&j ' s and two grilled cheeses for my vegetarian friends back at the office . they couldn ' t eat them ! they were too gross ! it was so bad , that out of 7 entree ' s , not a single one was good enough to eat ! oh yeah , and it wasn ' t cheap either !
1			service	slow	paryt	private	food	bad			shockingly bad food and service . we were with a private paryt upstairs so maybe that was the reason for agonizingly slow service but there ' s zero chance of me returning .
2			range	impressive	place	perfect	place	great	selection	impressive	events	related	i	bitter	notch	top	beer	awesome			great place to grab a pint or bottle of beer . their range and selection is quite impressive and is constantly changing . there are usually craft beer related events going on a couple of times a month that are truly epic . recently i have been there for a tap takeover and a beer for brains event that were top notch . thursday night is my favorite 1 2 price bottles of beer . you can really do some damage for not a lot of money on some awesome craft beer . if you live in the area , this is a perfect place to ride your bike to for some brews . there is some pretty fierce competition for team trivia on saturday nights , but i secretly think that there are some cheating teams upstairs . no one is checking them . maybe i ' m just bitter for coming in second place , but still .
2			fashion	corporate	clothes	new	experience	positive	she	patient	fashion	appropriate	shopping	hate	she	amazing			my wife generally hates shopping , but was in need of new clothes for the office . the wardrobe of a grad student would no longer do . kristen helped her put together a number of outfits within our target budget and gave her a mini course in corporate appropriate fashion . she was super patient and amazing to work with . my wife couldn ' t have been happier ! it was her first positive shopping experience since i have known her .
2			food	solid	beer	awesome			just went here the other night . solid food . awesome belgian beer .
2			pics	nice	canyon	grand	value	good	way	great	stop	nice	we	pleased	it	worth	stop	quick	guide	awesome			my wife and i just did the west rim grand canyon vip tour today . we had a wonderful time . tour guide jody was awesome . one of the best guides we every had . we paid the extra $ 20 for the food and was very pleased . good value for the $ . stop at hoover dam was quick , but nice . gave us a chance for some nice pics . we did the optional skywalk which we felt was worth it . a little pricey , but a cool experience . this tour is a great way to see the west rim of the grand canyon . based on today , we would definitely do a comedy on deck tour again , especially if we would have jody as our guide .
2			presentation	perfect	gem	hidden	food	incredible	it	love	it	old	vegas	old	place	amazing	caesar	kind	steak	perfect	list	extensive	caesar	great	conversation	polite	steak	rare	portions	large	something	amazing			i cannot even begin to explain how amazing this place is . located on the 23rd floor of a hotel in old vegas lies the hidden gem that is binions steak house . the word ranch is hilly inaccurate for what you get when you arrive . also , this place makes a great caesar , which is kind of a gem in its own right as most places in vegas don ' t even know what a caesar is . we arrived as a party of 5 and were seated in a booth facing a window which stretches through the entire room and overlooks the entire city . vegas was at my feet that evening in all it ' s twinkling glory . the restaurant itself is beautifully decorated and immaculately kept . if it ' s old , it aged like wine and does not show it ' s years at all . the fabric of the booths is all red , with tablecloths , linen napkins , and polished flatware . all of the servers i saw were male and extremely well versed in polite conversation as well as when to get lost if the guests are actively engaged in conversation . this place reminds me of a mob movie . i felt like a mobsters girlfriend and i absolutely loved it , especially the part where mr . i ordered for me i had asked him too just for the experience . he ordered : rib eye with asparagus and baked potato . i was served an 8oz fillet with all the same trimmings . the food was incredible . perfect rare steak , perfect presentation , large portions but not overwhelmingly so . the wine list was extensive but not so much that we couldn ' t pick something amazing a napa gem mr j took a photo of because of the loveliness of it . i would absolutely return . this is the kind of place you take people you love , or someone you plan to have killed in the next scene . ;
2			i	scared	burger	great	look	dumb	options	amazing			i passed by this truck so many times on my way to class . each time , i dared myself to try it . but i was scared . i ' d never ordered anything from a truck before . what if i look dumb ? do they take credit ? what if they only serve construction workers ? now i ' ve eaten there several times . i ' ll give you all the facts . 1 . omg yummmmmmmmm ! ! ! ! 2 . no credit only cash : 3 . did i mention omg yummmmmmmmmm ! ! ! all their breakfast options are amazing even the black bean burger is great it did make me feel like i would probably raise my cholesterol significantly tip : call in advance , on your way from class . they take a little time to get you your food . but if you call earlier , they usually have it ready for me after the 10 min walk over there .
2			sandwich	good	bar	typical	weed	great	food	typical	wings	good	attitude	amazing	girl	poor	clientel	interesting	side	wrong	mushrooms	amazing	it	bad no			have driven by this place since it opened i should have never stopped this time . figured it would be a typical sports bar with the typical food it was and maybe it wouldn ' t have been so bad if there was more than one server for the entire place . thankfully , the poor girl had an amazing attitude i sure wouldn ' t have if i had been her . the food was what you would expect from bar food the wings were good , hubby ' s pork sandwich was good the side he got was wrong , but we didn ' t complain or he probably would never have eaten . i have been on a mac and cheese kick lately and this mac and cheese had bacon and amazing mushrooms , but obviously made with a brick of velveeta which really isn ' t cheese in my book . the clientel was interesting to say the least by listening to the diners next to us we learned where to score some great weed . we won ' t be back
2			tacos	memorable	salsas	like	crowd	rowdy	slice	thin	flavor	good	i	pissed	flavor	chipotle	prices	outrageous	chile	little	meat	fatty	ribs	short	it	free no	flour	ok	taco	typical	cheddar	shredded	chips	fresh	ribs	spare	tortilla	rustic	slice	nice	food	fast	it	bad no			wow , this may be one of my first 2 star meals . probably because i was so pissed how terrible it was . i get it . late at night , with a rowdy crowd , drinks , ladies and guys , who really cares about the food ? so that ' s why i ' m giving it 2 stars instead of one . the chips and salsa were ordered it ' s not free and it wasn ' t bad . i liked the different salsas and the chips were fresh . i had steak tacos . i ' m not looking for the absolute in authenticity . when i saw the tacos arrive at the table i was a little bummed about flour tortillas for tacos . but i ' m game to have some flour tacos once in a while . it was your typical gringo taco . flour tortilla , iceberg lettuce , shredded cheddar , and meat . the meat had a good flavor , but was extremely fatty . there were pieces of fat that i was spitting out . for the record , i ' m not a fat o phobe . give me pork bellies , pastrami , chinese spare ribs , beef short ribs , etc . i don ' t run away and demand leanness . the meat could have been easily trimmed . the fat really did not have any place in these tacos . what bothered me the most and i ' m still thinking about it was that the taco without the meat tasted a lot like del taco taco bell . i ' m not dramatic in my reviews , and i don ' t pull the this place tasted like fast food card unless really deserving . i would even go as far to say that it was borderline grody . and i haven ' t used that word since i was 7 . all in all , the ambiance and potential gave this place 2 stars . the prices were outrageous for what i got , even despite this being vegas . with that being said , management could maybe try a little harder to make the tacos a little more memorable . perhaps a more rustic or hand made tortilla flour is still ok if you must and perhaps a sprinkle of cotija cheese . trim that fat off the meat and maybe add a nice thin slice of avocado inside the taco . maybe a little guajillo chile or chipotle flavor would add to the flavor profile . anyways , i see this place could be a lot of fun for drinks and having a good time , but i ' ll pass on the food unless it ' s for something that you absolutely can ' t mess up i think , like a quesadilla . but anything is possible .
1			drinks	ok	soup	horrible			drinks were ok . over priced but good . the chicken soup is horrible . the worse part is the server told me he knows how terrible the soup is yet they still have it on the menu . i had to wait for the mgr to finally show up to remove it off our bill . the mgr wouldn ' t even attempt to taste the soup he knows how bad it tastes & said they ' re not removing it off their menu
2			meat	raw	mess	disgusting	meal	dry	stomachache	serious	decorations	tacky	meal	tough	top	flat	air	open	setup	ugly	meat	tough	issue	main	meal	flavorless	case	worst no			my father used to tell me that if you want to know how hygienic a restaurant ' s kitchen is , take a look at their bathroom . because if a place can ' t be bothered to keep a customer facing facility like the restroom clean , what makes you think they ' ll hold half as much regard for the back end ? flat top ' s was not the worst case i ' ve ever seen , but i did want to run far out of that bathroom the second i walked into it . the same could be said of the whole restaurant it had this ugly open air setup which felt like a cafeteria lined with tacky decorations . however my main issue is with the food . the meat was tough and had a paper like consistency . all the sauces tasted the same . the whole meal was dry , flavorless , and just plain tough to eat . but the most truly unforgivable offense was the blatant disregard for food safety . the buffet from which you pick your food for frying is a disgusting mess . when you hand your selection of meat and vegetables to the cooks , you stick a wood marker in the food to identify it as yours . my marker was handed to them inside a bowl full of raw meat . when the food was brought out to me , that same marker was sticking out of my meal ! i ended up picking at my food at the sides of the bowl away from the marker , and throwing the whole thing away . it should come as no surprise then , whether it was a case of cross contamination or not , that i spent the rest of the day fighting a pretty serious stomachache .
2			sandwich	good	it	love	caprese	delicious	bread	soft	everything	fresh	snack	late	caprese	fresh	sandwiches	amazing			amazing sandwiches all for only $ 5 . 99 ! 24 hr restaurant ! really good deal especially since it ' s inside planet hollywood on the strip . the bread they use is really soft . loved it . i got the caprese and everything was fresh and delicious . definetly the place to go to for late night snack or if you want a good sandwich for cheap .
2			sandwiches	warm	they	open	sandwiches	soft	sandwiches	best	swiss	aged	prices	reasonable	chicken	tender	they	good	tomato	sharp	place	love	ingredients	well	bread	amazing	montagu	full	salad	fresh	sandwiches	amazing			located inside planet hollywood . seriously , the best sandwiches ever at really reasonable prices ! ! the toasted bread is amazing crunchy and warm on the outside and super soft on the inside . it also holds up all the ingredients really well . i don ' t think you can go wrong with any of their sandwiches . we shared : the full montagu roast beef , turkey , two cheeses aged swiss and sharp cheddar , lettuce , tomato , and house mustard the italian salami , capicola , roasted ham , mortadella , and zesty italian dressing mediterranean chicken salad super fresh , and the chicken was really tender ! i can ' t even tell you which sandwich i liked better because they were both good in their own right . they ' re open 24 hours so eat here for dinner , go gamble , then come back and eat some more . love this place ! ! so happy one recently opened in socal in downtown disney , so now i can get my fix whenever i ' m in the mood .
2			tooth	sweet	sandwiches	hot	sandwiches	love	sandwiches	amazing			amazing sandwiches ! ! earl ' s lived up to it ' s reputation . i love their hot sandwiches and how cheap they are $ 6 . 99 especially since it ' s on the strip in planet hollywood . earl ' s is also 24 7 now , and be sure to try their brownie sandwiches if you ' ve got a sweet tooth ; my boyfriend made us walk to earl ' s three times for these brownie sandwiches . all in all , a must try when you ' re in vegas .
1			option	cheap	soup	bland	process	confusing	it	instant	confusion	massive	it	like	container	tiny	muffin	homemade	grace	saving	experience	pleasant no	container	little	process	chaotic	soup	worst			this place has thousands of reviews and yelpers seem to like it . but i just don ' t get it . we checked reviews before going so we were expecting something good , at least better than quiznos , which it is not . i am guessing that people like it because it is a cheap option compared to other prices on the strip . but for my money , quznos is better . even subway . jersey mike ' s leaves this place in the dust . i got the jerk chicken sandwich and not only was the sandwich small , and i mean really , really small , but there was hardly any chicken and although tender , it was not jerk . i also got chicken noodle soup and for $ 3 . 49 the tiny little container was a total ripoff . plus , the soup was bland bland bland . it was by far the worst chicken soup i have ever had . i left no less hungry than when i arrived . the wife opted for oatmeal , and it was instant from a package . the only saving grace was the banana nut muffin , which appeared to be homemade . the entire ordering process is chaotic and confusing . you can order some things at the order station but most of our order had to picked up along the line , which led to massive confusion when it came time to pay , so i ended up with three receipts . overall , i cannot imagine how anyone can go above 3 stars for this place . i could give it 3 because of the muffin , but in reality my sandwich and soup were 2 star quality and the overall experience was not pleasant . would not return for anything .
2			earl	reminiscent	breakfast	cheap	price	average	prices	amazing			excellent , no nonsense , cheap breakfast and lunch food . earl of sandwich is very reminiscent of a panera bread style lunch bistro , with amazing prices for the strip . my girlfriend and i each had a sandwich , bottle of water , chips , and shared a macncheese for under 25 $ . average sandwich price is around 7 bucks . all sandwiches and wraps are around 6 in size .
2			manner	professional	i	sensitive	massage	full	service	terrible	she	sorry	woman	awesome	massage	horrible	situation	comfortable no	felt	clean	i	relaxed	therapist	blind	detail	full	it	embarrassing	experience	pleasant no	she	amazing			i ' ve attended this spa a few times before . i adore the aesthetician , julie , she ' s amazing . by the end of my facial my skin felt clean and i was 100 % relaxed and falling asleep . i got the deal through living social so i also had an hour massage that i was greatly looking forward to . the massage therapist i got was blind and her name is evon . i had let evon know that i was extremely sensitive to the touch and that she need not use a lot of pressure she ignored this and really ripped at my skin . it was a very uncomfortable situation all together . the oils that she used on my back were strongly scented and burned my skin . the massage lasted about 10 15 minutes before i just couldn ' t take it any longer . i told her that i needed to excuse myself to go to the bathroom . she grabbed the robe off the back of the door , opened the door and held the robe close to her . i couldn ' t reach it informed her so and was left having to cover my breast with my hands and go for the robe . evon ' s husband was sitting right outside the door . i saw him immediately . it was immensely embarrassing . i left the room and saw the aesthetician , julie . i told her what was going on and that my massage was horrible and asked what i should do about the matter . she told me that she would take care of it . julie did indeed take care of it in the most professional manner i ' ve seen from this salon . i was immediately taken into her room where she cleaned my back . told me that the spa would reschedule me for a full massage for another time and that she was deeply sorry for the unpleasant experience . when i called to reschedule , pam the manager , said that i ' d be receiving a 20 30 minute massage and pretty much that she would not honor that agreement . i carefully explained the full detail of events and occrences , as well as my several costly visits to their spa while some of the staff is very friendly and pleasant the manager has no intentions of taking care of their guests and because of pam ' s terrible service i will never return or recommend this spa again which is a shame because julie , the woman who did my facial , is awesome .
1			vibe	cool	wings	soggy	places	many	sakebombers	ok	roll	spicy no	ground	bad			on all fronts . . food , atmosphere , service , drinks sakebombers is just okay and that might even be stretching the truth . the sushi is sub par as are the cocktails . they do have lots of happy hour and reverse happy hour specials but they are again mediocre . considering that i can walk here from my house and stumble home if need be i still would rather go eat drink at many other places instead . the volcano roll is not very spicy as it is claimed to be and the wings are a bit soggy . the atmosphere leaves much to be desired its like they didn ' t know if they were going for the asian theme or for a more swanky cool vibe and they ended up in this bad middle ground that leaves you feeling confused .
1			it	burnt	roll	worst			i had the worst sushi roll salmon skin roll in my life here ! it was burnt . other rolls and sashimi are medocre at best . mido and kabuki are way better than this place .
1			meat	raw	resturant	good	resturant	big	resturant	clean	it	warm	places	worst	it	hot no	it	cold	we	disgusted	part	worst			the is probably one the worst places to eat . as i walked into this place i assumed it was going to be a good resturant to eat at . the resturant was big and clean . my family of 4 ordered 3 pho dac biet and one bun chao tom grilled shimp past with noodles . when our pho came out it was warm . it wasn ' t hot enough to cook the raw meat then put on top of pho . the worst part of the meal was when the bun chao tom . as we were slicing into the meat we discovery that it was still cold . we were completely disgusted at this point . we paid and left . we will never return to this place again .
2			i	extensive	job	great	sandwiches	terrific			for their henderson location , i like not having to drive over to spring mountain for vietnamese cuisine and the range of offerings on the menu is extensive . they do a great job on vegetables and the sandwiches are terrific . others in the area seem to specialize in pho noodle soup , but i enjoy those banh mi ! enjoy
1			it	clear	employee	rude	review	bad	cloud	freakin	issues	domestic	day	bad	tea	mediocre	boba	legit no	boba	good no	boba	fake	part	worst			i swear i never like to leave a bad review based on just the service . i ' ve been to teainfusion several times , not because their whack fake boba is that good , but to see if every employee was rude or maybe i caught them on a bad day . i understand hemorrhoids , headaches , tummy bubbles , and domestic issues . i know everyone has a bad day . well this place has a freakin ' black cloud just chillin over it ! everytime i step in this joint , it ' s clear that the person behind the counter feels inconvenienced by having to actually make my order . seriously , i ' m ordering a chai tea with boba , not baked alaska . the worst part is i ' m in a pissy mood when i leave the place . so i gave it a try and the only thing that comes to mind . . . treat me like ass once , shame on you . treat me like ass twice , shame on me . treat me like ass three times , and i ' m calling you out . get a grip tea fusion you are not the only spot in tempe market place , your tea is mediocre at best and your boba is not even legit . i sincerely hope the managers take this review into consideration . and , on one last personal note , if i get another pair of eyes rolled at me when i walk by the store i ' ll personly sit outside and hand out samples from paradise bakery , coffe bean and juice it up smoothies ! all of which offer tea .
1			drunk	drunk	tickets	free	jokes	many	reviews	good	headliners	excellent	water	bottled	people	drunk	venue	mediocre	mc	horrible			oh puh leaze ! the good reviews must be written about excellent headliners or by shills . got supposedly free tickets that cost the three of us $ 40 . they included one watered down drink each . yes , even my bottled water that is clearly labeled $ 4 cost $ 10 . 50 , plus a $ 2 . 50 upcharge , plus tax , plus whatever else it took to get to the $ 40 . the mc was horrible , and i never heard so many genitalia jokes in a 60 minute period before from three different comics . if you go , take lots of money and buy lots of drinks because the only people laughing were drunk , drunk , drunk . the venue is very mediocre and , as might be expected in vegas , you have to walk through the casino to get to it . showtickets4locals sure was a rip off on this occasion . never used them before and never will again .
1			kids	smart	sandwich	good	attention	less	road	high	echemica	bad			ok this is hard for me beause the food is 6 stars . i take my friends , family , clients here and everybody raves about it . . but . the smart ass kids at the counter have got to go . i don ' t know their names but one in particular should retire and become a lawyer because when you ask if you can have your sandwich on italian roll instead of focaccia he says focaccia is italian and then looks at you smugly . i took the high road and neglected to point out to him that a baguette he offered was french . he should pay less attention to geography and work on his note taking skills because after all that , the sandwich still came on a focaccia . so i hope the owner hears this , your front line of sales at the counter makes me want to go somewhere else . your six star food , averaged with your zero star staff puts you at a 3 . and yes guiseppe , i want to drink diet coke and i don ' t need a lecture on how it has echemica that is a bad for your brain . if you feel so strongly about it , then don ' t sell it ! i ' m sure your meats contribute to heart disease but you ' re not grimacing when i order a porchetta sandwich which is unbelievably good by the way so andreloi , please get someone up front with a smile and who , at a minimum , has read a pamphlet on the basics of customer service . hate having to write this one .
2			concert	like	minds	creative	must	absolute	show	amazing			this was such an amazing amazing show that completely lived up to the hype . i won ' t ruin the show but the creative minds that put it all together knew exactly what they were doing . the atmosphere is what i imagine an actual beatles concert would have been like . this is an absolute must for any level of beatles fan . i will definitely be seeing it again .
2			seafood	fresh	fan	huge no	taste	like	cheesecake	tasty	bowl	sized	award	winning	drink	decent	it	good	seafood	local	steaks	marinated	bread	delicious	mine	good	award	tasty	it	big	iceberg	usual	tail	good	steaks	naked	experience	interesting	margarita	sweet	it	pricey	bowl	average	lobster	like	quality	high	bread	fresh	morsels	many	news	good	looked	high	it	disgusting no	it	bad no			this is a chain restaurant , but they are fanatical about the quality of their food and service . it ' s a little pricey at around $ 20 $ 25 a plate for a dinner entree but the food is high quality . let ' s get our priorities in order : in terms of drinks , i had a vodka tonic well vodka there is smirnoff but they also carry ketel one and a watermelon margarita . the vodka tonic was about what you ' d expect . a decent neutral drink with a splash of citrus . the watermelon margarita was a little sweet for my taste but it was definitely an interesting experience and certainly strong enough and big enough . it ' s a $ 9 drink but it comes with a sidecar caraffe that will completely refill the margarita glass and then some so it ' s really like 2 margaritas for under five bucks each . now that that ' s out of the way let ' s discuss dessert : i had a bite of the cheesecake which was tasty , but not award winning . entrees : i tried the ny strip and a lobster tail , both of which were well prepared though i ' m not a huge fan of their spice rub . it ' s not bad mind you , i just prefer my steaks either naked or marinated . the good news is their steaks are never frozen and the quality of the cuts i saw looked pretty high mine was good . the lobster tail was good . i ' d say comparable to red lobster which is probably about all you can expect for a chain restaurant in the desert . besides , i like red lobster so that ' s not intended to be a slight , it ' s just not the same as living in port towns and having fresh local seafood available which is an entirely different thing . the house garden salad was nothing to write home about , but it wasn ' t disgusting either . they rounded up the usual suspects iceberg , carrots , an onion ring , a couple of cucumbers and some cherry tomatoes and held them for questioning in an average sized bowl . it was about what you ' d expect for a dinner salad at a steak place . the bread was fresh and delicious . i liked the taste better than that brown stuff they serve at outback . my baked potato was pretty much what you ' d expect from a baked potato . split down the middle with butter in it . it was good , but i couldn ' t finish it as i had too many other competing morsels to contend with . all in all the food was good and my only complaint was that i ate too much . i would definitely go again .
1			it	high	waitress	bad	tacos	love	fajitas	bland	beans	bland	feel	welcome	quality	bad			mayb need to b back for happy hour to see if i can up my rating , but for now this is all ! ambience ok service meh margarita meh food meh price ok , but for bad quality they offer it ' s high we had a bad waitress , i think her name was naomi , never introduced herself , found it on the check , which was the only time she actually smiled , bcs ofc she needs tips , but for what ? she never made me feel welcome , didn ' t make my day any better , screwed up my order & never spent an extra second with me ? in fact towards the end i asked the helper boy for everything and gave him a few $ tip . i got a cucumber margarita after reading recommendations , which was just meh . probably would hav been better if frozen . the price doesn ' t justify it . macayos or ze tejas has better ones . i am a vegetarian , so decided to get veggie fajitas with black beans and corn tortillas . fajitas were so bland and had no flavor whatsoever . i could stir fry these veggies in my home to taste better . even a sports bar like gallaghers has better fajitas than here . black beans was a disaster , it was just cooked bland beans , no flavor , no salt , nothing at all . is this supposed to b a joke , or they don ' t care much about vegetarians ? bcs my gf loves her meat tacos . i am defntly hoping to hear from the owner manager about this ! ! and ofc the corn tortillas never arrived , instead came the flour tortillas , down went my calorie count . thanks cien agaves , not sure why u r trying to copy tortilla factory ? not coming back soon , unless forced to ! ! check the posted pics along with review
2			lot	like	deals	best	town	old	nachos	like	dip	awesome			this is one of the best deals in old town . their happy hour is unequaled for price . we had beers and two appys and got out for $ 15 . the green chili dip was awesome , they have tacos for a few dollars , nachos for a few dollars . we liked the nachos as well , a lot of food for the money . do not expect barrio queen . its a happy hour that won ' t break you . don ' t propose here or anything . well , unless you want to . and service was great , nice d u00e9cor . it is kind of like el hefe without the craziness . everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves . i don ' t know why it took so long to find this place , for our pre paycheck outings .
2			atmosphere	upbeat	atmosphere	positive	trainers	great	gym	awesome			crossfit southwest is an awesome gym , ken and matt are really great trainers who will support you and help you in your fitness and life goals . the whole atmosphere at the gym is upbeat and positive . drop in for a workout and see for yourself .
1			food	horrible	service	horrible			horrible food and the most horrible service ever experience , will never ever waste my money again in this restaurant ,
1			staff	terrible	hotels	largest	staff	rude	place	tiny	tenders	rude	strategy	bad			not what to expect for a lounge club in one of the largest hotels in vegas . ph should invest in a much bigger venue to accommodate its guest . staff was terrible and rude . they act like they own the place or they think its the marquee . wasn ' t impressed by the service either . bar tenders are very very rude , well , you don ' t get tipped that way , or maybe i will never go back there . the place is so tiny which you feel you are running out of o2 . better yet , they have host at every corner of the casino trying to recruit people with rest band claiming a vip treatment , once you hit the door , you find out that its all a hoax . bad marketing strategy .
2			pancakes	awesome			this places is on the top of my list for breakfast . the oatmeal pancakes are awesome !
2			beer	best	'	freakin	'	awesome			san tan brewery brews the best beer in town . if you have any time to get in there and have a couple , you might want to do that ! get the street taco ' s freakin ' awesome !
1			spot	favorite	it	love	tenders	great	place	awesome	servers	awesome	things	good	they	loud	loud	casual	fries	best	service	bad	date	casual	items	many	brewery	love	thing	bad			this is hands down my boyfriend and i ' s favorite spot in chandler actually anywhere . we absolutely love san tan brewery and are there almost weekly . i always joke with him saying that one day we will have our rehearsal dinner there . i can not say one bad thing about this place . i walk in and it seems like people recognize us , that ' s when you know things are good ! san tan becomes more packed everytime i go in , but i love that they do so well ! they are very casual , loud , and a bar setting . don ' t walk in expecting to get a bud light , or miller light . my fave beers are the epicenter and hefe . i have ordered so many different food items off the menu but my recent fave is the pork pabil . . its amazing . you will never go wrong with san tan fries they are the best fries i have ever had . all the servers are awesome , i have never had bad service from anyone there . the bar tenders are great , and always make you feel like you are the only person at the bar . this place is awesome for groups , or a casual date . we bring out parents all the time and they love it just as much as we do .
2			brows	new	brows	love	lady	new	melissa	amazing			melissa was absolutely amazing today ! ! i love my new arched brows ! ! looks like i found my new eyebrow lady !
1			part	good	tuna	fatty	sushi	best	fish	sexy	taste	fishy	akor	dear	you	good no	price	full	sashimi	best	relationship	short	i	willing	restaurant	top	waiter	friendly	quality	low	portions	tiny	tuna	regular	part	worst			dear roka akor , i want this to be a love letter but it ' s not . we had such a short relationship but i feel we have to break up . i spent $ 200 at dinner for 3 ozs of fish , one appetizer , and two drinks . and the worst part was it didn ' t even taste very good . our waiter was obsequiously friendly and recommended that if i was a sushi connoisseur i should have the best sushi . fine , ok , i hear roka that you are a top 10 sushi restaurant in usa . i have had sushi at some of the others , let ' s see how you stack up . i am willing to pay for quality . your sashimi was of questionably quality , marinated to perdition in order to hide the fishy taste that only emerges when fish begins to rot . the fatty tuna was regular tuna . the portions were tiny ! seriously about 3 ozs of fish for two orders of the chef ' s choice best sashimi . some of the flavors of the marinates were quite good , i give you that . but just like spandex does not make the obese look sexy , so vinegar and soy does not make low quality fish sexy . i have eaten fish off the boat at the fish market in tokyo , not only were you not nearly as good , you weren ' t even nearly as good as some conveyor belt dining sushi i ' ve had . don ' t tell me this is the best you can do ! i must have looked like i had money , or looked too blonde i ' m a brunette btw , because the happy hour menu was never mentioned . happy hour prices were in effect but the one appetizer i ordered which should have been covered by the happy hour menu was charged at full price . i couldn ' t run away from you fast enough . return ? no . why would i want to return to an abusive relationship ?
1			show	short	acts	weak	performers	lousy	i	surprised	value	awful	fun	great	venue	famous	shows	bad			have been to this location twice now , and left very disappointed both times though have had great fun at other improv locations around the us . both times we saw 3 acts who were all very weak definitely not up to headliner status at all , and even the headliners would have been stretched to be booked as featured acts . of course , they rotate the show weekly , so your mileage may vary . but i will say i am really surprised that a famous venue in a city this large could put together at least 2 shows that were so unbearably bad . tickets are also close to $ 40 , which is really high for no name and lousy performers an awful value for a short show . on the other hand , given that there were few laughs to be had , maybe it is better that it ended early . unless you have heard of the headliner , i would avoid this place .
1			music	live	performance	best	effects	impressive	amount	depressing	show	free	effects	bad			despite that i paid very little for these tickets , i felt like it was a waste of time . garth brooks and winona were worse than any free show i could see at gilley ' s or stoneys . garth wore an acoustic guitar around his neck and didn ' t know how to play it . both garth and winona did not use the stage well . one of the back up guitarists looked as if they were recruited from the back alley not professional looking and no uniform . taylor swift was the best performance . she was the only one to change outfits . she was also guitar syncing though . the lighting effects for the show were quite bad . the amount of missed opportunities to add excitement to the show with lighting was depressing . there were no impressive effects in lighting or anything else for that matter . i hear the show used to be better when it was at a different location . my advice : skip country superstars and head to gilley ' s for live music .
2			sushi	favorite	food	awesome			food is awesome here , always long waits to get in . my favorite sushi place in vegas
2			selection	huge	selection	love	art	amazing			i have heard a lot about this event , but it took years for me to actually attend . too bad , because i would probably have a house full of amazing art by now ! i loved the huge selection of arts , crafts , jewelry , and entertainment at this festival . since well behaved dogs are allowed , of course our doggie bailey tagged along . we are looking forward to the next tempe arts fest !
2			treat	special	rack	phenomenal	portions	gigantic	portion	good	place	amazing			my mother and i went to mastro ' s after i had decided on where to sign the lease for the car and apartment as i was in the midst of moving to arizona from sf . this place is amazing . i ordered the rack of lamb , which is phenomenal . i wish i could afford to come here ! it was a very special treat . you can ' t go wrong with whatever you order here . they serve you gigantic portions of food and all you can eat breadsticks . there was so much food , i took a good portion of it to go and ate the leftovers for breakfast . yum !
1			mark	rich	toppings	edible no	it	disgusting	it	bad			the quality on this place has really dropped . i got a takeout broccoli topping pizza that had one floret and the rest was broccoli stalk . it was absolutely disgusting and i had to pick them all off . i thought it was bad enough that it took 5 minutes on the phone for them to take your order . but when you start sending out pizzas with inedible toppings , that is when you lose my business . i ended up trying another pizza place down the street from them that ended up being better and slightly cheaper . why did i waste my time with mark rich ' s for so long ?
2			it	short	conversations	full	reason	real	areas	focused	focused	good	he	good	i	excited	spa	full	lady	sweet	pedi	proper	mood	relaxing	she	amazing			i will admit that i primarily use yelp to read other reviews , but after my experience here , i think it ' s time to write my first review . but i will try to keep it short . so i came here as i received a gift car for my birthday , and i was extremely excited for my full spa day as i really needed it . needless to say , it started great and ended horribly . i started with a facial by adrienne , and she was amazing ! if you decide to get a facial here , please go to her . next i received a massage by lamberto . he started off good , really focused on stressed areas , but then it got bad when he decided to hold full blown conversations while doing the massage , which took away from the relaxing mood . so if you get a massage , he ' s good , just let him know in the beginning you want quite . and now the real reason for the 2 star rating . her name is julie . and do not go to her if you don ' t want your time wasted . she was supposed to give me a mani pedi , but i don ' t know what to call what she did . super nice , but can ' t do a proper mani pedi to save her life . i asked for a flower on my toe that ended up looking like a spider , so i asked her to take it off , asked for a rockstar glitter nail , she completely didn ' t spend the time to make sure my nail was fully covered and then didn ' t mention that there was an extra charge for the one nail of glitter . which by the way it looked , she should have paid me , not the other way around . again , sweet lady , but avoid her if you actually want your toes and nails to look like a professional handled them .
2			tea	love	thai	love	quality	amazing			i eat here all the time with my girlfriend and we can ' t say enough about this place ! amazing decor , service , and cuisine ! she loves the thai ice tea and veggie pad thai and i always get the chicken pad thai or duck basil . amazing quality and variety .
1			quality	bad	choice	bad			worse buffet experience in vegas . . usually you can never go wrong with buffets in vegas . . this was a bad choice . food section . . quality was bad . . overpriced . . never come here again .
1			fruit	ripe no	food	bad			disapointment ! honestly can ' t say anything good about the place . the food was bad , even for a buffet . most of the juice machines where down . fruit wasn ' t ripe . how do mess up fried chicken and mashed potatoes . on top of all that , most of the ladels had food on them so my hands were left sticky and gross . on top of that , it was over priced .
2			selection	big no	chair	high	part	best	service	poor	food	good no	variety	large	it	bad no			not impressed . we paid 50 for two people so it wasn ' t bad but the food wasn ' t very good and the selection wasn ' t very big . most of the food was or had shellfish which i couldn ' t eat so i only got to enjoy ham and mashed potatoes . the dessert bar is the best part , there is a large variety and lots of cheesecake ! the service was very poor . when we walked in the woman who seated us decided to tell me i don ' t need a high chair instead of ask , and i did in fact need a high chair . and when i went to get dessert for my husband and i one of the workers was hovering over me and rudely asked if he should just go get me a bigger plate . i had two pieces of cheesecake and a cookie
1			way	good	anything	special	creamy	mashed	tuna	seared	slider	good	feel	little	oil	creme	portion	like	cheese	good	spinach	best	experience	great	dishes	classic	potstickers	organic	variety	great	waiter	friendly	group	certain	dining	fine	shoes	nice	food	good	side	dry	good	melted	blt	delicious	spinach	creamed	menus	many	i	glad	plates	small	we	hungry	it	fantastic	place	good	leek	melted	food	upscale	they	ok	place	bad			this was my second time dining at company . and unfortunately , it will probably be the last . maybe that ' s not fair . i ' ll explain . i first dined at company back in june . my party of six was seated by a waiter and looked after very attentively by three support servers clad all black pants , collared shirts and aprons . i felt a little under dressed . the menu was upscale comfort food . my friend katie gave me part of her delicious lobster blt . my friend colton gave me two spoonfuls of deliciously creamy mashed potatoes and the best creamed spinach i have ever had . i had the special that night , which was the jambalaya . it was fantastic . and there was so much of it , i couldn ' t even finish it all . overall , i had a great experience and vowed to return . over thanksgiving weekend , i found out that a friend and i would be staying at the luxor for the criss angel show believe see that review before you go . i quickly made reservations for company . i couldn ' t wait to show off this place that i knew . and i wore a jacket and nice shoes this time too . the restaurant looked exactly the same as it did in june . only now the waiters were clad in black t shirts that had the word company silkscreened across them . the very friendly waiter asked if i had dined here before . i proudly told him yes . last june . to which he said oh . so you were here before our concept change . concept change ? uh boy . he continued his rotely memorized patter what our concept is now is that we take classic western dishes and we combine them with eastern ingredients to deliver small tasting plates with great variety . my heart and stomach sank . so this is like an east west tapas menu ? right ? to which he said i ' m glad you said that . that ' s a very good way of describing it . i checked in with my friend . it wasn ' t a deal breaker for him . so we soldiered on . the menu is divided into four sections : sea , sky , land and earth . we both ordered an item from each category . sea : seared tuna w lemon , olive oil , wasabi greens there was so little of this dish , i barely remember it . lumb crab gratin w shitake mushroom , bacon , leek and cotija cheese this was really good . i ' d like another portion of this . and to top it off , it was served in the same cast iron gratin dish that they used to serve the creamed spinach in . where are you creamed spinach ? sky : organic duck confit potstickers they were okay . i ' ve never understood why you would hide duck confit in a potsticker that you are going to dip in a sauce . chicken breast w mushroom ragout the eleanor rigby of this menu land : soho kobe beef slider very good . but their current prevalence on so many gastropub menus didn ' t make me feel like it was anything terribly special . filet of beef w brandy cream and melted leek good . not really sure what a melted leek is though , either before or after i ate it . earth : gruyere cheese puffs w chive creme fraiche and lobster oil on the dry side . this was the one dish that remained the longest on the table due to neither of us fighting over it . chili garlic asparagus really good . strands of baby asparagus . glad it came out with the steak too . overall , it was good food . after finishing all of the entrees , the waiter asked if we were still hungry . i answered with a qualified yes . he offered to bring the menu back . but i was thinking more about walking across the street to the dan marino steakhouse at hooters . now there ' s fine dining ; . i capped off the meal with a dessert of earl grey chocolate cake with almond ice cream . soooooo tiny . i guess i ' d go to company again . but i ' d only bring a certain group of people with me . their concept change has radically changed my concept of dining there . good place for foodies to knock off a bunch of plates . bad place for someone who hasn ' t eaten since the chick fil a four hours away in upland , california .
2			food	good	drink	quick	drink	good	margaritas	awesome			awesome margaritas pricey but they deliver with a good drink . we tried 1800 on rocks , as well as the mango and banana frozen . good sized and tasty . food was good tried enchiladas verde , quesadillas & tequila lime chicken . good spot to grab a quick preflight drink & bite to eat .
2			sushi	love	staff	great	sushi	amazing			every time i go to vegas , i have to eat here ! the sushi is amazing and the staff is great ! i love the half price sushi if you come in late !
2			tuna	spicy	place	great	roll	amazing	fish	raw	size	average	flavor	amazing			great place to get sushi on this side of town . servings of the raw fish in rolls and nigiri dishes are above average size . the flavor is amazing . the tiger roll is amazing because the spicy tuna doesn ' t over power the other ingredients like most places do . def recommended .
2			meal	great	tasted	fresh	tasted	delicious	prices	reasonable	benihana	hate	she	amazing			people love to hate benihana ' s and i am not sure why ? we took advantage of their happy hour and had a great time and great meal . selected sushi & apps are 50 % off and drink prices are almost reasonable . to quality for happy hour prices you must sit in the bar area . our server was the bartender and she was amazing ! friendly and knowledgeable . she never missed a beat . we ordered 5 or 6 rolls and the stand out was the rainbow roll . fish tasted really fresh and tasted delicious . you must try the goza ' s , they reminded me of goza ' s i have tried in vancouver bc and san francisco . lot of food and drink and bill was only $ 40 before tip !
1			service	horrible			horrible customer service and takes 20 for a pizza that was made wrong ! ! ! !
2			lunch	amazing	potato	sweet	quality	high	deliciousness	utter	ranch	like	i	amazed	turn	low	sandwich	amazing			utter deliciousness every bite , every thing , every time . i have been coming here for years and i am amazed at how good it is every time . fresh home made rolls , high quality beef or chicken , quality cheeses make an amazing sandwich , and the fries , oh my goodness soooo good , especially the sweet potato . the fry sauce is a must but if you like ranch , ask for some on the side , hause made and best on the planet . no joke i would have it as my drink if i could afford the calories . employee turn over is low so they must take care of the staff , and the owner is usually there , working just as hard as every one else . thanks for an amazing lunch .
2			service	good	medium	rare	steak	awesome	it	delicious	cut	prime no	deal	awesome			i had brunch here last sunday and i would have to say that the rib eye steak was awesome . a perfectly cooked medium rare with soup , appetizer platter and dessert buffet for around $ 24 is a pretty awesome deal for me . the service was very good . the meat is most likely not prime cut but for the price it was delicious . this experience this time around was way better . i would definitely eat here again .
2			spot	quick	elmo	spicy	they	grumpy	coffee	fair	food	best	stop	quick	bagels	like	food	worst no			in general , i like einstein bros bagels . not the best food in the world , certainly not the worst . this location has been a quick breakfast stop for the wife and i since we moved to this part of town . i haven ' t had any problems with the quality of food at this location , but literally every time i go into this store , the same people are working , and they are always grumpy . it doesn ' t matter if its busy or slow , they are grumpy and running around like they have their heads cut off . like i said , i ' ve not had a problem with the food , but the service isn ' t up to snuff because of the attitudes of the staff . i can ' t say i won ' t come back , because i know i will , some days start better with a spicy elmo and a cup of their fair trade coffee but if i can find another quick breakfast spot in the area , i will be a happy man .
2			entree	main	drinks	free	soap	cheapest	portion	tiny	it	busy no	table	horrible	restaurant	least	salad	amazing			i simply don ' t understand when restaurants are charging $ 50 . 00 a plate and they use the absoluely cheapest hand soap in their bathroom , not to mention the toilet seat was broken and without toilet seat cover . it was not even that busy . fine , the caesar salad was amazing but thats all . we returned couple dishes back because they simpily didn ' t prepare the way we ordered . the portion is tiny for main entree . glad i am on diet , but probably won ' t go back again . the food just not that impressive . they did give us free drinks for the mistakes they made , but probably the least favor restaurant in palazzo . oh , table 10 was also horrible .
1			employee	rude	food	love	host	elderly	salsa	ok	waste	complete	food	bland	everything	horrible			i was staying at the south point and love mexican food so based on reviews selected this place . everything about it was horrible . the decor is cheesy diner cafe style ; there is no ambiance whatsoever . the elderly male host was almost single handedly the most rude restaurant employee i ' ve ever encountered . the salsa was ok however the food in general was bland and the margaritas were watered down . complete waste of money and time .
1			place	awful	it	gross	it	dry	deal	good	food	terrible	i	fine	she	busy	meal	real	salsa	awful	salsa	worst			this place was awful . we got there pretty late so there was only one waitress working so i understand she was busy . but she came to our table at least three times without even noticing i need a refill . i would have been fine if she didn ' t get me refills because she was working other tables , but she was the table multiple times . also , when she first brought the drinks , she just placed them all in front of me . like i ' m supposed to distribute them to the table myself . she better be splitting tips with me if i ' m doing her job . now the food . the food was terrible . the chips and salsa were a good deal but the salsa was awful . worst salsa i ' ve ever had for sure . then comes the real meal . it was so gross and dry and just tasted like the devil ' s elbow . all ashy and dry and just not good . so yeah i still tipped about 20 % but i ' ll most likely never come back here again . zip it in and zip it out . c note
1			hilton	long	they	expensive	room	available	room	bad	reviews	bad			zero stars if possible . the management here stinks . i have been going to embassy for years and this is one of the worse places to go . i have stayed here in the past and recently , was told that my room was no longer available after i told them we would be arriving late , not once but twice and still my room was gone . was giving another hotel at their costs but the room for this other hotel was so bad , it would of been better i slept in my car . i complained to hilton headquarters as i am a long time hilton honors member and said that management would call . management for this embassy never called . i was told later by varies folks other hotel and clerk at embassy and also corporate there was more then one complaint and also found out that this embassy tends to overbook . please at least send us to a hotel has was comparable to embassy and not one that has bad reviews . never will i stay at this hotel i will find something else i suggest the doubletree downtown they are much better and less expensive .
1			servers	decent	food	bad	feel	bad	dump	complete	surroundings	bad			total and complete dump . bad food and bad surroundings . the decent servers and chefs are what make me feel bad about the rating , but i ' m all about the food .
1			place	horrible			yucky ! i took one bite of everything that i put on my plate . this place was horrible . my drink , iced tea , was the only thing that i really enjoyed . lucky for us , this place was included with our ticket to see george wallace . do yourself a favor , don ' t pay to eat here .
1			course	main	food	good	service	poor	one	worst	buffet	worst			it ' s a worst buffet with poor service . we have gone to other buffets in vegas , this is the worst one we had . not much varieties . as starters and main course disappointed us we waited for dessert but of not satisfied . i don ' t suggest if are looking for a good food .
2			roll	mediocre	roll	terrible	sushi	love	i	hungry	sushi	bad no			i ' m always on the search for sushi that costs under $ 10 a person at lunch . that is probably asking for too much . anyway , for $ 20 two of us got the salmon and yellowtail sushi , and the philadelphia and shrimp rolls . the sushi wasn ' t bad , but the shrimp roll was terrible . i was still a little hungry after but didn ' t want to pay for another mediocre roll . if you love sushi i would not recommend going here .
2			steak	worst	steakhouses	many	service	marginal	calamari	bad no			ive been to many steakhouses in lv , the steak here might have been the worst . over cooked , extremely charred . calamari wasn ' t bad . service was marginal at best
1			customer	worst			the worst customer service i have ever experienced ! ! ! ! so far my gf ' s and i have been here for 30 minutes and no one has bothered to offer us drinks or food . never coming back ! ! ! ! ! !
2			people	kind	choice	awesome			the food choice we picked were awesome . caterpillar roll , kano salad , tuna roll . very very kind people !
2			streak	tasty	both	good	tail	special	something	little	salad	good	bread	amazing			got the special steak and lobster tail . both very good . the iceberg wedge salad which was good , but the dressing was missing a little something streak was cooked perfectly and very tasty . bread was amazing . will definitely be back .
2			samples	amazing	staff	helpful	attitudes	good	samples	free	costco	love no	staff	fast	costco	love	people	many	prices	amazing			how can anyone not love costco ? the prices are amazing . the selection varies from time to time , with your favorites being there every time . there are so many people to see . the free samples are amazing . spending 2 minutes in the produce and dairy freezers will rejuvenate , refresh and cool you off in a heartbeat . you can get dinner for four for less than $ 12 and get your household and grocery shopping done all at the same time . i love costco . the staff is always helpful and happy , have good attitudes and are fast too .
1			massage	decent	they	busy	seemed	great	differences	big	plenty	open	stone	hot	massage	brief	pedicure	basic	seemed	annoyed	color	basic	pedicure	worst			worst pedicure ever ! went in there for the first time yesterday afternoon . they were busy but still had plenty of chairs open for pedicures . my friend and i got seated right away and everything seemed great . then the nail tech handed me the card to pick out which pedicure i wanted . the regular is $ 19 and includes nail trimming , brief massage , basic nail color . the only other option was a $ 40 one with callus remover , scrub and paraffin wax . kind of ridiculous that they only have two options with such big price differences . all other nail places i ' ve been to at least include hot stone and a decent massage in their basic pedicure . i chose the regular with no extras . the nail tech seemed annoyed by that and totally rushed through everything . the lotion massage was pretty much just her slapping some lotion on my legs . we were out of there in about a half hour , which is the shortest time i ' ve ever been in a nail salon for a pedicure . the nail tech did not thank us for our business and did not ask to see us again . . so i will never go back again !
1			service	slow	dumpster	largest	they	mediocre	arizona	beautiful	cities	multiple	jrs	worst			food , service and atmosphere bad , bad and really bad . i ' ve been to jrs in multiple cities and even on a cruise ship . they are mediocre at best , but the jrs at westgate glendale is the absolute worst . burgers are like hockey pucks perhaps in honor of the nearby nhl coyotes . service is pleasant but extremely slow . as for atmosphere , it was a beautiful arizona day as most are . so , we decided to dine outside . the patio is located next to the world ' s largest dumpster . the stench was indescribable . as for the restroom disgusting !
1			service	bad			it was my family and i first time here and let me tell you it was the worse service ever ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! never again will we walk into this restaurant again ! ! ! service was bad from beginning to end even the manager scott didn ' t do his job . after his employees screwed up our order . . . . . like i said never again and i hope anyone that goes in the near future doesnt have the experience me and my family had .
2			everything	awesome	!!!!!	local	casing	natural	link	extraordinary	joint	hot	fries	tasty	goodness	juicy	dog	hot	dog	great	link	hot	states	united	burgers	tasty	dogs	hot	crinkle	old	joints	great	dog	delectable	dog	exquisite	links	great	rating	solid	..............	awesome			seventy nine reviews to date and a solid four and a half star rating for the best hot dog & hamburger joint in the united states , yep , i said it , the best hot dog & hamburger joint in the united states ! ! ! ! ! ! ! i can ' t remember the name of this place when it first opened but i do remember falling in love the first time i walked through the door , every city in the united states should have a great hot dog & hamburger joint but alas , it is not to be . if you go here expect a line because great food joints have lines and great links usually has a line , if there is a line just wait till a seat opens up , it is worth the wait . first the staff , these guys and gals are awesome . . . . . this place is like cheers and even if they don ' t know your name they will make you feel at home . now the food , where to start . . . . . everything is awesome ! ! ! ! ! ! ! they offer two styles of hot dogs , the natural casing or as they would tell you , the casing that snaps , and the skinless casing . both are 100 % beef , i am a skinless guy myself but i have had both and i would not turn down either . there are twenty nine , yep , 29 different hot dogs & sausage items on the menu and they are all mouth watering , remember when you were a boy , how freaking awesome is summertime delicious ! ! ! ! ! the las vegas chili dog is the bomb , the philly griller dog is delectable , the mob boss dog is exquisite , and the louisiana hot link is extraordinary . i love their old school crinkle cut fries , the burgers are tasty , juicy goodness and don ' t even get me going about the atmosphere of the place . . . . . . it is one of those places where you feel at home the first time you walk in the door . ok , i just gave a hot dog & hamburger joint a five star review after promising my fellow yelpers that i would reserve my five star reviews for the best of the best , so in other words . . . . . . . nailed it ! ! ! ! ! ! ! until next time fellow yelpers . . . . . be local , live local , buy local ! ! ! ! !
2			addition	nice	drinks	chic	rock	unique	rock	loud no	drinks	tasty	selection	divine	meal	fine	bar	awesome	snacks	appropriate	service	great	tuna	big	music	awesome			for starters , the bar was awesome . very chic with great service and equally tasty drinks . the snacks are very appropriate to get your palate ready . then there was dinner with awesome music . rock during dinner was quite unique and not too loud as others have boasted . the bread selection was divine and don ' t miss out on the bavarian pretzels to die for . appies : steak tartare , butter lettuce avocado salad and big eye tuna there were more i just lost consciousness after those . meat most of us had the american waygu . amazing meat and cooked to perfection . the sauces we ordered were a very nice addition to the meat . might want to just order a few as the flavors tend to get lost in the party . lastly , we had just about every dessert . the fuji apple and the strawberry shortcake were my favorites . hats off to the chocolate souffle as well cooked to order and was spot on . the service by our waiter along with marino could not be matched . i have dined at all of the puck properties and this rates in the top 3 maybe top 2 . bring your wallet or expense account because perfection does have a pricetag . if you are going to eat a fine meat meal once a year this is the place regardless of the price .
1			employees	numerous	it	fortunate no	food	good	i	pissed	girl	rude	bartender	awesome	bartender	terrific	hostess	friendly	excuse	lame	story	long	restaurant	reputable	part	bad			it is unfortunate that i must give the restaurant one star because our food was good and we had an awesome bartender . the hostess was very friendly also . the bad part i had a restaurant . com gift certificate , not a coupon , to use specifically for this restaurant . i ' ve had a lot of problems and misunderstandings with restaurant . com this week so i specifically asked them if i could use my certificate for alcohol and they told me that this is one of the few that you can because they did not specify otherwise . there was nothing that stated that it could not be used for alcohol like my other ones . this was basically a gift card . numerous employees got involved in our situation . one guy said no , then a girl said yes , the a rude girl said no then the manager got involved . to make a long story short the manager refused to let us use the certificate for drinks . she said that it is nc law that alcohol can ' t be discounted not really sure what that means . restaurants and bar run specials all the time is that not discounting alcohol ? again , i had a certificate not a coupon so there was no discount involved . it was just a lame excuse that she made up . i was so pissed . almost ruined our evening . our bartender was terrific , he needs to find a more reputable restaurant to work for .
2			cheers	like	food	great	nachos	huge	service	great	you	awesome			mcduffy ' s is my hang out just like cheers everyone knows your name ! ! ! service is great never waiting on a beer food is great . grilled honey chipotle wings . burgers . sandwiches . all salad dressings are home made . nachos are huge . kudos to all the staff ! ! ! you are all awesome ! ! ! !
1			wash	basic	anyone	recommend	wash	great	it	overpriced	package	super	i	crazy	it	dirty	it	max	look	bad			it took 6 1 2 hours to wash and wax my truck ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? and then they had to wash it again ! ! ! ! ! ! i dropped off my truck at 7 : 45 am ! ! there were 2 cars ahead of me . i called earlier and talked to fernando he said for what i wanted it would be 120 $ just a basic wash and wax . so when i pull up and they start telling me the options and packages i have to choose from . i told the man that fernando said there ' s a 120 $ package . guy looks at me like i ' m crazy and say he doesn ' t know what he ' s talking about . so i was going to leave and guys say i ' ll give you 109 $ off a super package so it will be 150 $ i said o . k . ' s the package was 259 . 99 minus the 109 $ so i ' m thinking i ' m going to get a great wash . . guy tells me it will be about 2 hours max . so living down the road i rode my bike home well 2 1 2 hours pass and i call and they say it will be another hour . so this is 10 : 45 i ' m thinking ok probably be around 11 : 30 i ' ll get it wrong another 3 1 2 hours pass and nothing it 1 : 45 and they have had my truck all day ' s call and again it will be another hour . sigh so finally its around 3 : 30 and i finally had it i called and started to tell they wtf 6 hours for a wash and wax wtf ? girl say it ' s almost done just 30 more minus ' s i hang up and leave my house which is 3 mins away . well i ride up and my truck is sitting and looks like crap . i mean they have had my truck for 6 1 2 hours and there is still dirt and mud in the wheels and tires along with the wheel wells , and on the bottom side skirts where the back tire is going to the bummper . on top of that there is bird poop on the front window , along with the poop i don ' t think they cleaned the inside windows at all . my dogs face was still on the window loll . so it sat around for 6 1 2 hours to look half assed . they waxed it but it makes me think they waxed it while it was still dirty . the truck was still coved in dust from the wax and it just look bad so after i complained to the manager the rewashed my trucked and had to redo the windows and interior . . one thing is for sure i will never go here or recommend anyone here . it ' s overpriced and they do a half assed job ! ! !
2			me	jealous	guy	nice	idea	awesome			ice cream cookie sandwiches , sorbet , and smoothies late at night ? what an awesome idea ! the guy in the store was super nice and this place just makes me jealous of tempe .
2			rock	bad no	sushi	bad no			a bit expensive since in the hotel but the bar staff rock and the sushi is not bad .
1			we	tired	it	hard	dinners	frozen	choice	bad			do not go here . we decided to have dinner here since we were staying at the hotel and we we ' re very tired after an 8 hour drive . bad choice ! ! way overpriced and the food tasted like microwaveable frozen dinners . for $ 15 . 99 , i expect much more than corn dogs , macaroni and cheese and tacos . i had a brownie and macaroons for dessert and it was hard as a rock ! i will never go to this place again . so disgusting ! i would give it 0 out of 5 stars if i could .
1			buffet	good	food	hot	food	fresh	juice	warm	thing	bad			good buffet for family ' s . everyone crying about it but you should know the better buffets are down the strip . fast clearing our plates hot fresh food on a friday . bad thing is drinks like oj n apple juice is warm and with ice it gets water down .
1			shampoos	free	produce	fresh	selection	large	thing	best	amount	love	shampoos	chemical	display	bad			if you want fresh produce hit a farmers market , if you want service go anywhere else . the best thing is the amount of pre made vegetarian options here , i love to pick up amy ' s just to have on hand when they go on sale . produce goes bad so quickly and a lot of times i finding it sitting in the display already bad . i often find moldy tomatoes and onions sitting there , last week it was strawberries . i do love the amount of chemical free shampoos and cleaning products they offer though , also they carry a large selection of non dairy milk .
1			he	rude	most	love	food	love	favor	great	breakfast	nice	representative	horrible			we went to chompies on tatum to have a nice sunday breakfast and got the waiter from hell donald . he was rude acted like he was doing us a great favor by waiting on us , we had to ask for coffee refills over and over , when our orders came 75 % of them were incorrect and then when the bill came , it was all screwed up and had to be changed at least twice to finally get it right , what the heck ? ? ? this is what he chooses to do . he is an horrible representative for chompies . we will never sit in his section again , that is if he is still employed there . we love their food and most of all of their servers but this guy ruined it for us for a while . most sad . a dining experience should not be like that .
1			chicken	flavored	chicken	cold	experience	underwhelming	bag	mixed	dishes	worst	scene	local	things	good	they	friendly	visit	disappointing	chicken	drunken	chicken	boiled	plate	sizzling	sauce	sweet	points	high	wtf	cold	part	worst			hmmm not so much . my visit to china mama was disappointing since i had heard good things about the place . the service was a mixed bag as they rarely checked back but they were friendly when they showed up . the food was the worst part . we ordered the drunken chicken which was boiled cold chicken cut into pieces bones and all with booze on top . no flavor , the texture of the cold chicken skin was like biting the inside if your own mouth . trying to eat these bite size chunks with the sharp , jagged chicken bones inside was impossible . next up we had a 5 spice beef appetizer which was again cold wtf ? and was basically pho soup beef on a plate with cilantro . the plate was pretty just didn ' t taste that way . those were the worst dishes . the best we had were the orange flavored chicken on a sizzling plate . a little deceptive in name as it tasted like chicken teriyaki on a sizzling fajita plate and that was fine by me . the beef rolls were also one of the other few high points in an underwhelming dining experience . they were also seasoned with 5 spice and cilantro but the beef inside was brushed with a sweet sauce that worked well with the grilled wrap . the rest of the dishes we tried were basically the same vanilla chinese i find here in a lot of the vegas local scene . stick to china town staples like joyful house , diamond china etc .
1			it	hard	options	many	piece	hard	domino	usual	pizza	bad			decided to order a pie from here instead from the usual domino ' s for a u . f . c . fight night at my brother ' s house . we ordered the pie two sausage and mushroom . it took a little over an hour to get there . i paid the extra money to get the better crust i just didn ' t know that it meant it was the harder crust . i never had a piece of pizza so hard to chew . my brother asked me how much i paid for this and when i told him he smirked . like vince vaughn said in wedding crashers it ' s hard to make a bad pizza , but this place did it . with so many options here in vegas i would never try there pie again .
1			company	rental	key	spare	business	bad			don ' t ever rent from these guys . i thought renting from them would be convenient because we were staying in downtown las vegas , but it was the worse car rental decision i ever made . the first and last time i ' ll ever rent from them . we went to vegas on a 4 night package with vacations hawaii . only to lose a whole day trying to make a key for the car rental because my husband misplaced the key . well , we went to the rental company and they didn ' t have a spare key . can you believe a car rental company , not having a spare key when their business deals with renting cars . we had the run arounds trying to get a key made for this car . it took us a whole day just to find someone who makes this type of keys which starts the car automatically . if you don ' t want this to happen to you , make sure the rental company carries a spare key . the dealership , had to refer us to a man who specializes in this type of keys which cost $ 250 . i ' ve complained to their website twice and they called and said they would reimburse us . this is early march , until now haven ' t received nothing . my recommendation use dollar rent a car . this is bad business .
2			goers	many	it	short	mass	typical	church	nice	it	long	parking	bad no			this church is very nice . parking is not bad either . on sunday , there is a life teen mass at 5 : 30pm where there are many church goers . it ' s different than the typical mass because there are alot of singing . remember the proclamation of faith prayer ? well it ' s super short here and it ' s a song . instead of being 45 mins or so mass , it ' s 1 . 5 hr long . i enjoy coming to this church .
2			queso	delicious	guacamole	delicious	they	good	choice	bad no			had no idea we were going to a mall to eat to begin with ! we were told that we should go here for the chambord margaritas . they were very good ! the guacamole and queso was delicious . no need to get dressed up to eat here . if you were shopping and needed a place to eat , not a bad choice . any of the other restaurants would be just as good . would have been better just for happy hour .
1			desire	overwhelming	waiting	longer	lot	empty	part	worst			i took my wife here for lunch today . we both tried the clam chowder , which although pretty tasty , was thin and the carrots and potato were under cooked . i tried the alaskan whitefish and the salt and pepper catfish fillet . both were tasty , but there was enough oil to puddle on the bottom of my plate . i tried the onion rings and found them to be large and without much flavor . the problem with the coleslaw is that they chop the cabbage too finely and it turns out more like a mush than a salad . the worst part was , even though the parking lot was almost empty , it took longer waiting in line to pay the bill than it did to eat the meal would i go back ? yeah the next time i have an overwhelming desire to listen to my arteries harden while i ate !
1			tray	big	liquor	top	its	boring	shelf	top	day	bad	its	lit	place	suck	tray	good no	selection	horrible			this place seriously sucks . there ' s nothing about it that says irish bar to me ; nor vegas . its brightly lit , boring , and still had halloween decorations up and it was may . we were on an all you can drink top shelf liquor for two hours deal that included a big appetizer tray . the alcohol selection here is horrible . they had only one kind of scotch , refused to make us martinis i guess those are above the top shelf ? , and the appetizer tray was 100 % deep fried and not good . the waitress , megan , was completely bitchy to us and said , well its not like you ' re going to tip me anyway . what the hell ? who says that ? sorry you had a bad day or whatever . we all left pissed off and also complained to the company who had set us up to go here . mcfaddens won ' t be getting any more business from them and hopefully from a lot of other people that read this review as well . stay away from this place !
2			staff	friendly	restaurant	clean	selection	amazing			kinda pricey for a burger joint but hey , if you want cheap go to jack in the box ! amazing selection . friendly staff . clean restaurant .
2			it	love	place	great	summer	hot	forest	like	it	amazing			this place it amazing ! we brought our 22 month son to adventure around and we all loved it . there is so much to do , see , and learn here . our son especially enjoyed putting the scarfs in the air chutes , the car tracks , and the tricycles . i liked the pool noodle forest the most . if you have kids , this is a great place to go on a hot summer afternoon .
2			quality	top	service	awesome			awesome drinks and top quality service from marcus the server and ivan the bartender , outstanding ! food is fresh and delivered on time , drinks are on par . will be back to visit .
2			he	nice	he	amazing			we got jj and he ' s amazing ! we were really drink and he was so nice ! he drove us from sapphire and to our hotel he was so nice
2			items	delicious	cheek	crispy	cake	great	it	amazing	staff	friendly	waiter	awesome			wow . for my husband ' s birthday we enjoyed a self selected 21 item dinner for $ 130 . it was amazing . first we started with a saki sampler who knew saki came in more flavors that green apple ? ! ? after the saki we very delicious items to include crispy fried chicken , grilled duck breast , daikon , grilled tomato and asparagus , pork cheek , lamb chop omg , the list goes on and ends with a great chocolate lava cake ! awesome waiter , andrew , and friendly staff .
2			martini	refreshing	it	shady	i	pleased	bag	mixed	waiter	attentive no	options	many	kitchen	open	part	weird	noodles	chewy	pasta	undercooked	it	undercooked	i	willing	inside	pleasant	use	love	it	hard no	flavors	awesome			my experience here was a mixed bag . we went in around 7 : 45 on a friday evening without a reservation and were able to get seated before the bartender even had a chance to finish making my white grapefruit martini which was very refreshing . for dinner , i opted to start with the spring salad minus the pig ear bacon . this was fabulous ! ! ! i would have ordered a second one if it wasn ' t $ 10 . i followed this up with the tagliatelle pasta tomatoes , garlic and squash , oh my which could have been amazing but was only so so because i was served the most undercooked pasta ever . the flavors in the dish were awesome . i wanted to lick the plate but it was hard to get past the chewy pappardelle noodles not tagliatelle which were 2 minutes short of al dente . i did mention this to the waiter who passed along the info to the chef which i appreciated witnessed it since the kitchen is so open . we passed on a dessert which is a rarity because they just didn ' t have many options and the ones they did weren ' t up our alley . i was craving cheesecake or some kind of fall dessert maybe an apple turnover . now here ' s the weird part . when the bill came , there were only three items on the menu my dinner wasn ' t listed . i thought my pasta had been comped because it was so undercooked but then i realized the items in the bill totaled $ 16 less than the total bill ie something was in the total that wasn ' t in the itemized listing . it just so happened to be my pasta . when i pointed it out the waiter , he just said it was an error in the system . perhaps i ' m reading into it , but i just thought it was shady that i was paying for it but it wasn ' t appearing on the bill . i don ' t know ; must be the accountant in me . the inside of the restaurant is pleasant and the service was so so . the waiter was a little inattentive given how few tables were filled . overall though , i was pretty pleased . i really loved their use of flavors so i was more than willing to pay the higher end prices but i was disappointed in my undercooked pasta .
2			bananas	frozen	spot	new	sundae	amazing			the pink spot is definitely my new spot for ice cream . i got an amazing brownie sundae there and it took me two days to eat it ! they also offer frozen bananas , which makes me feel like i ' m at a bluth banana stand a la arrested development . and ! they deliver !
2			pool	awesome			your hotel is suppose to be my rock ! my stone ! yest when i check in and the room i reserved was all sold out then surely in these dire ecomonic times you ' d upgrade me especially at those prices whaaat ? i need to pay $ 25 dollars more to get a room i didn ' t want nah ! give me what you got oh you ' ll comp me a roll a way ! oh wait i won ' t get it until 2 am becuz those are also all sold out sure i ' ll tell my guests to sleep on the floor becuz that ' s what your telling me ! pool was awesome , casino paid me at video black jack yay would never stay again . idiots .
1			i	thrilled	legs	amazing	boutiques	local	store	busy	brands	certain	browsing	less	deals	insane	enabler	complete	art	local	appearances	frequent	stuff	good	designers	many	racks	endless	people	sales	prices	reasonable	comments	friendly	attitude	apathetic	aspect	favorite	work	hard	duds	quick	duds	cute	thing	bad			i have an unabashed addiction to scoring insane deals on clothing , and sunset clothing exchange is a complete enabler . i stopped in just this last weekend to do some spring shopping and was thrilled at the deals i found . two french connection dresses with the tags still on : $ 128 marked down to $ 35 each , and two tops and a bcbg skirt with the $ 78 store tags still on , marked down to $ 20 . certain brands make frequent appearances here , often times brand new . the owner tells me they have agreements with local boutiques who often have to purge excess or end of season garments . brands include fcuk , giani bini , bcbg , jessica simpson , sanctuary and cynthia vincent , among many other designers . the selection is much higher end than buffalo exchange or , y ' know , goodwill , meaning that you have to do a lot less browsing to get to the good stuff . the kind folks at sunset have done all that hard work for you ! perhaps my favorite aspect of sunset is the apathetic attitude at first glance , this may seem like i bad thing , but i , for one , am an avid shopper , and like to peruse the racks without being constantly pestered by sales people . the folks at sunset leave you alone to do your purchasing in peace , but are forthcoming with friendly comments do you work out ? your legs are amazing ! and warm banter when you so engage them . i have been dropping in here for at least two years now , when i get tired of roaming the endless racks at buffalo exchange a few blocks down and need to find some cute duds quick . there ' s free parking out front , the store is never busy , the clothes are designer , the prices are reasonable and they ' ve got some pretty kickass local art up on the walls . plus , the owner let me shoot and acted in a scene for my movie there a few years ago . so how would i describe sunset clothing exchange ? i think chill as fuck about does it .
2			course	main	parking	decent	tip	pro	hummus	great	companions	awesome			i visited al hana for the first time today for an unofficial yelp event with rand h . , robyn n . , mike c . , jackie c . and the other jon h . i enjoyed some great hummus and pita bread plus my main course of lamb kafta for $ 8 . 99 and a can of soda for $ . 099 ; this meal set me back $ 10 . 75 today . prior to arriving , i perused some reviews and the menu . pro tip this place is not located in the ghetto as some reviewers have mentioned . i did not have to use any of my martial arts training to get into and out of the restaurant . there was decent parking at about 11 : 10 when i got there . as i ' m writing this review 4 hours later , i can tell you that i ' m still stuffed . i really enjoyed my food along with conversations with my awesome lunch companions . thanks to rand for inviting me . i probably would have not tried this place otherwise .
1			food	decent no	food	edible	reviewers	like	food	good	expectations	high	it	like	sauce	spicy	food	decent	beef	tough	execution	culinary	execution	poor	i	offended	i	wrong	place	bad			don ' t let the 3 . 5 stars fool you . this place doesn ' t even deserve 1 star . if i could like most recent reviewers i would ' ve given this place 0 stars . today , i went here with my family under the impression that they would have decent food no high expectations or anything . but i was terribly wrong . the food wasn ' t decent , good , or even edible . we were the only people there so we should ' ve turned around and left but unfortunately we didn ' t . hence , we had the unsavory pleasure of tasting : 1 rancid kimchi sign #2 that this place is bad . i understand that kimchi has a peculiar smell but i know for sure that it wasn ' t supposed to taste like that ! as a korean , i am offended that the kitchen staff had the audacity to send that out . i can only imagine how grotesque the kimchi jigae must be 2 galbi tang don ' t order this . just don ' t . soup had absolutely no flavor and the beef was so tough that i couldn ' t even bite through it . i added a spicy sauce in hopes of salvaging it but my rescue mission failed . this is the first time got sauce couldn ' t save my taste buds . there were other dishes my family ordered and didn ' t enjoy but i forgot the dishes ' names . they pretended they liked it out of pity . apparently the owner of the place is a friend of my grandmother anyways , the dishes here will assault your taste buds . save your senses and money . over priced , disgusting food that isn ' t even refundable . i still can ' t get over the fact that they don ' t do refunds despite their poor culinary execution . only wanted the galbi tang taken off our bill because that was the worst of all the other dishes we ordered
1			place	closest	option	healthy	it	bad	feel	bad			this place is conveniently located so i come here often . i don ' t get out of the gym until 830 845 pm so i make it there by 845 850 pm and everytime i get an attitude and they never have sushi . i would go every night bc it ' s the closest place that serves a semi healthy option but i feel bad and i shouldn ' t . hours of operation are until 9 . i understand it ' s almost closing but it ' s just bad for business .
1			ways	worst			i will destroy you the way you destroyed my stomach the other night . i m not even going to do it myself . i m going to get the wallflowers to play bowie covers in your parking lot to get you to all come outside and then mothra will take care of the rest . your overnight crew is losing at life in all the worst ways . i abominate this place .
2			rice	crunchy	food	fine	it	right	it	crowded no	rice	hard	it	gummy	portion	small	much	greasy	pork	simple	experiences	bad no			at first we were happy to see a red bowl withing golf cart driving distance in sun city . the bloom is now off that red rose . a luncheon for one of our clubs worked out . it was not crowded , the food arrived together and was just fine . my hopes rose as we had not been back for months after three bad experiences . well , good was not to last . two more dinner occasions and the tastes were just off . their fusion is not working well . the blends of shrimp , chicken and scollops tasted as if dish soap was mixed in . another evening , which my wife insisted we go back to eat , i ordered a simple pork fried rice and could only eat a small portion . how do you screw up fried rice ? the pork was greasy , much of the rice hard and crunchy and it was gummy . ahhhhhh ! we will not be back . how sad as the charlotte location seemed to get it right , but i am not going back there for a comparison , either . bye , bye red bowl indian land .
1			gelato	suck	feel	bad			honestly i feel bad writing this review but the gelato here kind of sucked . it was so dissapointing that i actually went to the gelato spot a few hours later for a redemption scoop . i can ' t put my finger on it but something was just off . the mango was kinf of hard and not fresh like at other places . the chocolate was very meh not worth the calories . i did enjoy watching sponge bob on the tv , though . and it is close to my house . otherwise notsogood .
1			sex	best	lemon	hot	kid	ready	ache	worst			i was so looking forward our dinner here . i took my husband here for his 30th birthday and i waited for this day like a kid that ' s ready to meet mickey & co . few hours prior to our dinner , i ended up having the worst stomach ache and i couldn ' t even try anything , other then a bite of caviar yummo , a bite of his lobster dish . shame , shame , shame on me . he ended up polishing 12 course meal all by himself and walked out of there like he just had the best sex ever . i ' m sure it was orgasmic by his reaction . since i can ' t speak too much for the food , i will just say their decor was over the top and the service was bit smothering to say the least . our waiter literally stood right next to our table while we were eating the entire time while i was sipping on hot water lemon . ohhhh . . and the candy wagon they brought out at the end . omg ! ! ! ! !
1			shakes	awesome	it	fun no	seem	understaffed	it	like	servers	inept	balloons	large	it	upscale	food	great	place	fun	glasses	dirty	service	horrible			i just can ' t with this place any more . red robin used to be a fun family place , then they tried to make it upscale and got rid of the games , kids coloring pages , large balloons , fun posters etc . i ' ve never thought the food was that great , but the shakes are awesome and the kids used to like it . going in there now is the utmost test in patience and tolerance . the service is horrible more because they seem understaffed than because the servers are inept , and there are fewer menu options and higher prices . the number of kids in there and the noise level will drive you to drink ; but not there , because the glasses are dirty and the manager will tell you that boogers on the glasses are just scratches . oh , and the bathroom is disgusting . if there is no soap and the trash is overflowing , then i ' m not sure any of the employees are going in there let alone washing their hands . in my opinion , red robin turned their backs on their customer base by trying to upgrade and make it more adult . i would never go there with all adults and it ' s not really fun for kids anymore . thanks but no thanks .
1			restaurant	favorite	meal	bad			over the course of the last couple years , i frequently ate at the arrowhead grill and have never had a bad meal here . all of their food is delicious and is very accommodating to vegeterians . on top of that , the deserts are to die for ! easily my favorite restaurant in the phoenix area .
1			inside	cool	promoter	worst	line	short	ownership	new	you	serious	wait	bad no	part	weird	attitudes	bad			i visited again the last time i was here . what the hell happened to the service ? is there a new ownership ? my whole group got jipped about $ 500 on bottle service . there was some kind of deal we were told we had a table for the guys so that they could get it and the girls would not have to pay blah blah blah . we get to the promoter edit : i cannot remember his name . but this happened july 2010 , so hopefully he does not work there anymore . worst promoter in the world . we set up bottle service with this dude he takes the guys into the club . he makes them wait and takes their money . than leaves them . but they are not quite in yet , they ' re in that weird not in line but not in the club part . us girls are outside so we think they are in the club and getting there bottle service so our hour wait is not that bad to us even though we are in the promoter line that is supposed to be short . finally we get a text saying that we have no bottle service and the guy still took the money and is not coming back . hold the phone . . what ? are you serious ? us girls see our promoter and call him over to us . . my girl melanie gets in face and asks for the money back . he says no and starts getting pissy . he than tells us that without him the guys would have had to wait in the other line for 3 hours and that he got them in there in 30 minutes . is this guy delusional we just paid him $ 500 . we get pissed and demand to talk to his manager or someone that works in the club , our response was you guys want to leave go ahead . we can escort you . that instantly shut me up because the guys are already in there waiting with no chance of a refund . the promoter and the guy in charge of the promoter line knew they had gotten us . so we were led in with bad attitudes and our buzzes gone . so because of this tragedy i will never go there again and warn my friends from going there . yes the inside is cool , but that does not excuse their behavior .
2			everyone	friendly	tea	sweet	it	good	service	best	tea	cold	service	awesome			best service at the gilbert germann intersection ! we go here all the time cuz we know the food and it ' s always good and the service is awesome . never have any problems . managers always come greet you and everyone is friendly . they probably know us by now we come there so much , but always ask if we ' ve been there before : d sweet tea ' s always cold , food ' s always hot and cooked right . go for the early dine and everything is way cheaper !
1			it	clean	ways	subtle	it	huge	eye	great	demeanour	great	room	amazing	everything	needed	i	brief	habits	bad			i ' m back in vancouver now and find myself missing this gym , it had everything i needed and waaay more . it ' s huge and clean , with tons of equipment , has a shake and food bar , a shop with protein supplements and vitamins , but most importantly has an amazing room for boxing and kickboxing training . over the course of a few sessions i worked with a trainer named matthew . though i ' d been training in kickboxing for about 6 months i ' d picked up some bad habits . matthew brought it back to basics for me and pushed me until i had given up nearly every shred of energy i had . he ' s got a great demeanour without being forceful , making me want to work harder and harder , and he ' s got a great eye for body alignment , showing me subtle ways to get more out of my movements . next time i ' m back in montreal , however brief , i ' ll be sure to book a training session with him again .
1			coffees	cold	drinks	soft	coffee	cold	it	late	everything	poor	children	old	bar	nice	foods	healthy	buffet	worst			very expensive 19 . 99 per person for week end and children 12 years old count as an adult , coffee very cold then i ask to reheat the waitress then want to charge for an other coffee 2 adults and 4 children it end up to 115 $ with cold coffees . never go back again it is a worst buffet out there lot of choices and i like score better they have nice salad and fruits bar . soft drinks and coffee all you can have specially healthy foods and soups all you can eat . where as casa corfu the soup is hiding with the waitress you don ' t even know as they have soup and waitress does not even ask you anything for that at the end when i asked it was too late i don ' t feel like having soup any more everything is poor in quality in the way they acts so cheap !
1			bottle	mediocre	service	poor	server	rude	lighting	poor	food	decent	service	horrible			our food was decent but the service was horrible . our server was rude , hurried our meal , and gave us a dish we had canceled and subsequently also charged us for his mistake . we enjoyed our food and had a mediocre bottle of wine , but did not like eating in the pitch black ; we probably wouldn ' t go back based on the poor lighting and poor service .
2			it	good	bread	fresh	spot	perfect	place	love	fan	big	i	fond	juice	free	everything	amazing			i love this place . every time i visit montreal this is a must . i also hope that it never changes . for me , this is the perfect breakfast spot . even if there is a line , it ' s worth it ! everything i ' ve ever tried has been amazing . i ' m fond of the savory skillet dishes with a free orange juice and fresh bread , but also a big fan of the crepes . it ' s good if you go with multiple that was you can share ! . go hungry , leave extremely satisfied . on the way out , don ' t forget to stop at the store and get some goodies to go . i opted for the dolfin lavender chocolate bar . yum ! please open a branch in brooklyn , ny . pretty please ?
2			service	excellent	while	favorite	business	amazing			alexanders my favorite spot while in town ! ! ! family run business offers excellent service ! ! had veal parmiganna with fettuccini alfredo and was absolutely amazing ! ! cant wait to go back ! !
2			pho	amazing	water	flavored	pho	rich	service	ok	seating	tight	i	sorry	pho	flavorful	it	best no	it	ok	pho	worst no			we were looking for a place to eat one night and were just going to randomly choose a place , and then we walked by here and saw that it was jam packed , line waiting to be seated and so we all looked at one another and walked in thinking : wow , the pho must be amazing ! ! and it was ok , definitely not the worst pho i ' ve had but it wasn ' t the best either . i guess i just don ' t get it because the pho back home is so much more rich and flavorful , this just tasted like slightly flavored water to me . the service was ok , and the seating is tight so be prepared to sit next to someone who you don ' t know . i ' m sorry to say that i wouldn ' t be a in a hurry to return here .
1			food	alright	waitresses	apologetic	waitresses	polite	staff	nice	waitresses	nice	experience	horrible			went to giorgio ' s for a family reunion type lunch there were 12 people , and understandably , larger parties take longer to serve . however , giorgio ' s took an unbelievably long time for the food to come out to us . not only did it take long , they brought out meals for 6 us , while the other 6 had to sit and wait another 30 minutes to receive their food . there is no excuse for this . waitresses and staff were nice and polite and were apologetic they blamed the cooks . however , nothing was compensated for the horrible experience we had there . and it took another 30 minutes to get the check . . who do they have to blame here ? food was alright descriptions of the menu items not available in english so it was very unclear on what the dishes actually contained . had some unsatisfied family members on meals they expected and what they actually received . prices very high for what the food . $ 16 for a caesar salad ? ! we will not be returning to giorgio ' s and i hope you will plan at least 2 hours if you plan to go there to eat .
2			feel	lovely	montreal	old	lemonade	amazing	place	good	lemonade	homemade	paninis	amazing	atmosphere	amazing			amazing paninis . amazing homemade lemonade . amazing atmosphere . really good place for brunch . and who can beat the lovely euro feel of old montreal ?
1			crowd	young	music	great	climb	horrible			the music was great but the crowd was way too young . and i felt like i was about to fall down the stairs climbing that horrible climb . no . not again .
1			priced	bland	food	priced	experience	worst			avoid at all costs . food is bland , over priced and meals don ' t come with much . also never eat there . music was skipping incessantly and the waiter sprayed pink stuff from a windex bottle all around the air in the restaurant when we were sitting there and it was all i could taste the whole time . really the worst experience ever .
1			accent	atrocious	airport	worst			truly the worst airport in canada . thankfully porter flies here . the security here is the slimiest , surliest anywhere outside of third world dictatorships . no facilities to speak of past security , and a dodgy taxi mafia to shuttle you back and forth . one highlight : at the bar near gate 7 , go to listen to the most atrocious french accent you ' ve ever heard . truly worth a stop .
2			it	average	service	nice	food	love	margaritas	average	it	noisy	restaurant	great	it	recommend no	expectations	high	itself	nice	food	great	bad	ok no	it	overpriced	food	bad no			i was really hoping to find the next great mexican restaurant but i didn ' t ! ! ! the food is ok , not bad but not great , the problem is that it ' s way overpriced for what it is apetizer + entree will bring you to 35 $ 40 $ per person ! ! i don ' t mind spending when the food is great but when it ' s just average , then limon we have a problem ! even the margaritas are average but at 12 $ a glass can get way better for half the price . the restaurant itself is very nice , i would recommend going with a group because it ' s quite noisy . but the seats oh my god , so uncomfortable , no cushion and so big you are too far from the table when you wanna eat ! ! ! service was nice , a bit slow , but ok for a sat night i really love mexican food and i can say i was disapointed with limon , maybe the expectations were too high ! too bad , i will not be coming back and will not recommend it
1			rotisserie	fired	ribs	best	mess	sticky	chinese	bad	meat	greasy	rack	full	quality	low	place	good	food	lousy	ribs	worst			i used to know a canadian who would brag that this place had the best ribs . so of course , when i made a trip up there from the states , i had to check it out . as soon as i walked in , i noticed the pictures of all the celebrities , mostly hockey players , who visited over the years . so i thought to myself , this place must be as good as advertised . i ordered the whole hawg , which is a full rack of ribs . all i can say is these are the worst ribs i have ever eaten . what the hell is that diarrhea they glazed the ribs with ? i ' ll tell you what it was . it was a low quality soy or teriyaki sauce mixed with honey . the whole thing was a dark and sticky mess that tasted like really bad chinese or japanese food served at a cafeteria . and if that wasn ' t bad enough , the meat was greasy . everything is cooked on a gas fired rotisserie , so i wouldn ' t really call this bbq . at least not the american standard for bbq . but if this is canada ' s idea of bbq , they can keep it . the poulet was only a little better than the ribs , but not by much . with such lousy food , i can ' t believe this place has been around for so long .
2			sauce	creamy	food	delicious	it	right	prices	reasonable	it	amazing			i really enjoyed eating at this place . it ' s right by concordia university . the prices are reasonable and the food was delicious . i had the shawarma and it was amazing . i ordered it with the roasted potatoes and it came with this garlic creamy sauce that was absolutely to die for .
1			it	boring	stage	tiny	impression	horrible	it	pathetic	city	new	sofas	fake	stripclub	worst			this is the honestly the worst stripclub i have ever attended . i am from new york city and have been to my share of stripclubs in vegas and nyc . this club has one tiny stage and a bunch of fake leater sofas some of which actually had tears in them . the vodka club soda was ridiculously watered down both times my friend ordered it and they were over $ 10 each . we saw 4 girls dance on stage and i dont think i saw one actual dance move . i saw two guys getting lapdances and i dont think i saw one grind move the whole time , it was boring and pathetic . i will put a disclaimer saying that this was on a tuesday night so i am sure this wasnt the best they can do but it was a horrible impression .
1			vacation	good	vacation	free	experience	worst	staff	rude	experiences	bad			this hotel was the worst experience ever ! i stay at different hotels through out the year for vacation or work and i have never had bad experiences u till i stayed here . there was no guest service , no compensation for the inconvenience they cause , their staff was rude , they didn ' t even welcome us when we first arrived ! if you want a good , happy and stress free vacation do not stay at this hotel . they need to educated and retrain their staff .
1			food	called	food	worst			perhaps the worst so called italian food i have ever eaten .
2			food	best	food	great	montreal	finest	creation	amazing			anyone who knows anything about shawarmas knows this is montreal ' s finest . the food is great . the creation is amazing . these people were sent from god himself to give us montrealers the best food ever . god bless them .
2			end	sad	it	horrible	it	dry	it	hard	experience	amazing			went to mommy ' s for the first time since last year after tasting the fish , i knew right away that it was no longer the same owners or recipe , it was dry , hard and quite frankly horrible , it threw it in the garbage . did some research to find out that the business was taken over by someone else who has notable reduced the quality of the product that was being offered to customers for so many years ! will never go back ! ! ! it is a sad end to what was an amazing fish and chip experience !
1			environment	best no	it	good	it	bad			as the rating says meh . i ' ve experienced better . the environment isn ' t exactly the best as it seems a bit run down . i feel like i should eat very fast and get out of there , since it ' s just that bad . the food is also meh coming from markham , almost every single chinese restaurant i go to there beat this place any day . price wise it ' s good though , so are the servers . otherwise pass .
2			food	homey	food	simple	goulash	terrific			simple , homey and well done comfort food . terrific goulash !
1			attitudes	bad			flew once , never again . cramped leg room and bad attitudes . worst i ' ve been on .
1			city	beautiful	it	bad	she	suspicious	hotels	great	review	horrible			it was bad all around . we requested a two bed room at reservation time but got a one bed room when we got there even though they had that request on file . then the next morning when i needed a meeting business room first the receptionist said all rooms were under construction . when i insisted , the receptionist had to go check with manager ? ! the manager comes out and says rooms are all taken not under construction anymore but taken but she could give me another stay room for half rate to use for a one hour meeting ! i declined and decided to use the lobby area for my business phone call mind you it was a phone interview with a morning radio show ! . she was now suspicious that i was not a hotel guest and really came in attack mode to not allow me use the lobby area . it wasn ' t until i told her that first thing i will do after i get off the phone is writing a horrible review for the hotel that she learned how to be polite and smile ! montreal is a beautiful city with great hotels . don ' t waste your time in this one .
1			service	great	nap	mandatory	service	hot no	it	hard	terminology	culinary	food	great	things	crazy	meal	heavy	felt	bad			on our first date , my boyfriend and i were talking about foie gras and about a restaurant in montreal that made foie gras poutine . i was like i know that place au pied du cochon , and i ' ve been dying to go ! to which he replied okay , let ' s go ! . six months later we were living together and took our first trip together to montreal . naturally , au pied du cochon was on our dance card ! now , the first time we went , the service and food were all great . we had the foie gras croquemensis , the poutine , codfish fritters and the duck in a can . admittedly , a heavy meal for the end of july , but we enjoyed . the presentation was stupendous and i couldn ' t get over how much foie gras was on the poutine ! ! a nap afterwards is mandatory . the second time we went this past august , the service was not so hot . our server wasn ' t able to explain the menu or specials very well . this skill is more like a necessity at apdc because of the nature of the menu items many of them contain organs and culinary preparations that are not common to all diners and also because of the language barrier . even the english menu has a lot of french on it . so it helps to have a server who is well versed in his culinary terminology and can dole out a few recommendations . sadly , this guy could not . and i really felt bad for him . i ' m a server , too , so i know that people have off nights and sometimes things are just crazy and it can be hard to present things well when everything is going haywire around you . he did mean well . but all was not well in pig land this night the food and the presentation of it left much to be desired this time around . the poutine was slopped on the plate with streaks of gravy all over the edge that no one had bothered to wipe and all the food appeared crowded or simply thrown on the plate . originally , i had ordered the sweetbreads they had on special , but they ran out as soon as my order was placed so i opted for the liver , which was cooked well and delicious . but things just weren ' t up to the same standard as they were the first time we were there . i ' m still giving then 4 stars for the wonderful time we had before . but taking off one star overall . i know that they can do better . apdc is an iconic place and we made our way there as a happy couple after some first date banter about foie gras . hopefully , if we go back again , i can add that extra star and make it a 5 !
2			everyone	friendly	tea	sweet	quality	decent	triangles	favorite	people	friendly	pizza	stuffed	triangles	little	pan	empty	chicken	like	pizza	greatest no	quality	cheap	it	interesting	mac	like	veggie	like	pizza	fresh	quantity	awesome			abondanza ! already hooked on cici ' s . we tried it for the first time a few weeks back when they had a $ 3 . 99 special and we go every week now . cheap , decent quality , awesome quantity and incredibly friendly people . and nfl network on the tv don ' t hurt buffet style pizza , two types of salad premixed with either ranch or italian dressing , some kind of corkscrew pasta that ' s the one lowlight just avoid it and save the tummy space for the ' za , and cinnamon rolls and brownies that are to die for . oh , and aycd fountain drinks and tea sweet tea , too ! , of course . there ' s always bread sticks and some sort of stuffed pizza ' y squares concoction that i kinda dig , too . it ' s not the greatest pizza on the planet , but there ' s plenty of it and plenty of variety . i like the buffalo chicken , mac and cheese , and veggie as my favorite little triangles of goodness . you ' ll be greeted with lots of hello ' s and smiles when you walk in , everyone is super friendly and will get you anything you need if you don ' t see it on the buffet . they keep the pizza fresh and rarely will you see an empty pan on the counter . for the money , it ' s a steal , they just need bigger plates ! it ' s always interesting to watch the gluttons build a leaning tower of pizza rather than just eat a few slices and make their way back . ciao ! or , i guess it should be , chow !
1			force	full	service	friendly	experiences	countless	experiences	bad			danny ' s was a 5 star car wash 15 years ago ! today , danny ' s family carousel car wash is now all about the pressure upsell ! gone is the the friendly customer service & a job #1 attitude that kept me coming back ! i understand this is a business & there is a bottom line , but to pressure your customers to purchase more than they intend is not upselling , it is unscrupulous ! they hit you full force the second you pull into the station ! instead of earning repeat business like they use to they are trying to upsell you get the works , an oil change and windshield damage repair , and everything else they have to sell ! when you decline all the extras they disappear as quickly as they showed up & everywhere else you get nothing but bad attitudes ! they try to rush you out of there as quickly as possible , to the point that they always miss something i ' ve left there several times to find the front end of my car still covered with bug marks ! in the past several years i ' ve had countless bad experiences . so bad that i go out of my way not to ever use a danny ' s family car wash again !
2			place	best	it	worth	presentation	surprising	use	surprising	restaurant	airy	meal	relaxed	everything	amazing			the first time i came here i was dissapointed . i thought it was too hoity , too pretend fancy . i ' ve subsequently been here at least ten other times and have been so taken with the food that i think this is the best place to come when i want a relaxed deconstructed meal . the flavors are all there , but the presentation and use of ingrediants is always surprising and a delight . everything from the bread to the dessert is amazing . i will say that you ' ll have to spend a bit , but it is worth every penny . the restaurant is airy on the inside , even though it is in the same parking lot as a safeway next to a nail shop . but once inside , you ' ll think you are in a restaurant in california , like a mini vacation !
1			menu	incredible	points	recommend	food	incredible	night	nice	i	bummed	restaurant	pretentious	group	big	restaurant	little	group	laid	it	fine	glasses	empty	attention	great	experience	horrible			this is a pretentious little restaurant in a paradise valley strip mall . our sales team went here on a weeknight . we were a party of 10 , seated promptly , at 6 : 30 last thursday with great attention by everyone but the wait person and manager . if we were in a cafeteria it would have been fine . the girl waiting on us had an attitude that needed to be checked at the door . 1 . the menu and food is incredible and has a twist to it . everything served is a bit different than what you would usually see . this girl waiting on us could not be bothered to say hello to the entire group and tell us about their menu . she should wait tables at dennys . the person in charge of our group asked her in front of everyone , can you tell us a bit about your menu ? reply , what do you want to know ? 2 . another work mate is a vegetarian , she asked , is it possible for your chef to serve me a vegetarian plate ? or is there anything on the menu you would recommend waitress points there is a salad you can order . 3 . one of our executives asks for another bottle of wine we had it turns out they were out of the wine , so she returns with a pile of paper and gives to our boss . after flipping through 20 pages he realized most were duplicates . another 10 minutes go by , she returns with the help of her colleagues who have to track her down for us . we give her the duplicate pages and she shrugs her shoulders like an adolescent . 4 . to top the night off it took another wait of about 10 20 minutes for her to return to take any coffee orders or desert . the other staff had to go poke her again to tell her she had and entire table sitting with empty wine glasses and cleared plates . absolutely ridiculous . we were a very laid back group ; a big group just wanting to have a nice night . this girl waiting on his knew she was going to add 18 % to our check and did not want to put any kind of effort in to earn her tip . she just did not care . her colleagues made it work . who knows if there was a manager on that night ? that is kinda sad too . we were there early enough that no one should ever be subjected to an experience like this . i will say the food was absolutely incredible . i had the carbonara and it was just to die for . but if i was on a date night with my husband or out with a group of my friends i would be completely bummed . i most likely would have gotten up and left . or would have asked to talk the owner . our bosses , boss ended the night by looking at all of us an agreeing that this waitress was something else , to put it nicely . we told the resort we were staying at about the horrible experience and i know none of us will ever go back . but i doubt noca cares .
1			chicken	dry	pork	dry	brisket	bland	sauce	outstanding	graces	saving	everything	bad			wow this was pretty bad . i mean almost everything was bad . the only saving graces were the bread and the iced tea . we both ordered combo platters with different things brisket , chicken , pork . the brisket was bland . the chicken was dry . the pork was dry . plus , if you are going to be a barbecue restaurant you should have a pretty outstanding sauce . theirs is not that .
1			tasted	delicious	we	satisfied	service	slow	talk	needed	place	nasty	check	great	something	strange	sign	good	it	clear	hasbrown	great	reviews	bad			i was in charlotte for the weekend for a wedding . on sunday , my wife and i decided to have breakfast @ cafe monte despite the bad reviews . one review from june 29 , 2009 talked about the slow service . we were seated and served after 10 minutes ! i thought this was a good sign . when we received the florentine omelette we ordered , once again we were quite satisfied with the way it looked and it seemed cooked ! so far so good , right . then we started eating ! everything tasted delicious . the hasbrown were great , the meal looked great check the pictures i added then i was going for my next cut in the omelette and i noticed something quite strange . a cockroach ! ! check the picture and judge for yourself ! ! i called the waiter , showed him my plate and told him that i wanted to leave . he didn ' t stop me , of course ! the hostess manager didn ' t stopped me to offer some well needed damage control pep talk ! we left that nasty place but came back to get the owner ' s information . i think something needs to be dome about that . anyway , i am leaving the city but it ' s clear that i will never eat at this place if i ever come back to charlotte .
2			mushroom	wild	server	friendly	place	special	it	cozy	place	old	meals	fancy	look	appetizing no	$	prime	menu	amazing			since i am a happy hour junkie i rarely do sit down fancy meals . husband was out of town and a friend had wanted to try christopher ' s . being that is is in my backyard i never think to go here . i have done happy hr at crush and his old place on the other side of the biltmore but haven ' t had a sit down here . anyway it was so cozy at the bar where we sat . friendly server and amazing menu . there is not one thing that didn ' t look appetizing on the menu . we started with the wild mushroom soup with foie gras and the escargot encroute . both fantastic ! for the main we shared the bone in prime rib $ 60 and a side of truffle frites $ 8 . to be honest the fries didn ' t taste like truffle to me ? ? and they r double fried so not a fave . this spot is for me a special occasion place . dinner would have been $ 200 with tip if we didn ' t have a restaurant . com cert . but needless to say with the discount its a steal ! i will be back to try dessert next time . we were so stuffed after a btl of wine and 2 glasses of bubbles . i also wanna try the burger on happy hour :
2			quality	high	it	expensive	you	disappointed no	mix	excellent	food	delicious	experience	awesome	luong	friendly	luong	entertaining	it	amazing			since it was my first time trying hokkaido , i decided to try the hokkaido symphony land and sea combination plate . it came with filet mignon , scallops , lobster , and vegetables . it was amazing ! it ' s a bit expensive , but you get an a lot of excellent mix of high quality beef and seafood . chef luong is very friendly and entertaining . he creates an awesome dining experience coupled with the delicious food he makes . the restaurant atmosphere is inviting and it shows that they thought about every piece of the design and its place . i highly recommend checking it out . you won ' t be disappointed ! sayonara benihana ! welcome hokkaido !
1			potato	sweet	service	poor	chips	thick	chips	good	others	thick	chips	like	burgers	worst			yuck skip ! easily the worst burgers i ' ve ever eaten . the burgers lacked flavor even with the toppings . we ordered : applerum burger and tinshack smokehouse burger . both left a lot to be desired . the fries were not fries at all , more like potato chips some thin and crispy & others thick . the sweet potato fries chips were good but not enough to return for . poor service . tepid food . the service left a lot to be desired also . she the waitress was behaving as though she was doing us a favor , oppose to her job . the flies that kept landing on my plate was the last straw i couldn ' t finish my food
2			neighborhood	love	it	tender	salad	successful	salad	seasonal	cake	delicate	it	flavorful	sandwich	yummy	treat	homemade	tort	amazing			i have been to alchemy twice recently . last night i shared the beef brisket and the the daily seasonal salad with my partner . the sandwich was absolutely yummy . the meat was cooked in a beer concoction and it was tender and incredibly flavorful . the meat was nicely shredded and the sandwich didn ' t fall apart when you bit into the bun . the salad was less successful . the wimpy greens just couldn ' t stand up to the strawberries and gorgonzola . the greens became mushy a word that should only be used to describe your lover ' s valentine card . we finished off the meal with a delicate tres leches cake . it was the epitome of restraint and delicately delicious . recently we went to alchemy in the evening just to have dessert . we had an amazing tort and were treated to the sounds of the oak st ramblers . how cool to walk for a few minutes , eat a homemade treat and revel of the sound of a truly east side institution . i love my neighborhood !
2			portions	large	tasted	good	salad	fresh	deal	real	everything	authentic	servers	attentive	salad	mixed	service	personable	personable	excellent	servers	kind	experience	amazing			we stumbled across this place based on yelp reviews . excellent , personable service . i love how authentic everything , including the employees were . i have an italian last name and they pronounced it beautifully . the rolls are to die for warm and dripping with butter and garlic . mixed green salad was so fresh and tasted so good with the house dressing . loved the linguine bolognese it ' s the real deal ! portions are very large . servers are super attentive to every detail and so very kind and appreciative . no wait and fast service . i will refer this to anyone who wants an amazing italian dinner experience !
2			wedding	small	wedding	best	arriel	amazing			had a small wedding july 5th . our wedding coordinator arriel was amazing ! friends and family commented it was the best wedding they have been too .
1			airline	worst			worst airline ever !
1			flight	worst			this is worst flight experience . made me loose connecting flight on both ways . at the end they give a 1800 number to call a hotel and book a room by ourself . the staff is so unhepful . i would never fly with this airlines . i swear
1			pull	great	rating	poor	trek	long	reviews	bad			after hearing bad reviews about the staff , i still made the long trek from verdun to get a great espresso pull . i entered around 3pm to see about 10 people in line and 15 or so sitting around the tables . i was immediately told to leave and that they were closing after he let the local that held the door for me get in line . i told him i was in town from the us and was really looking forward to trying their coffee , had come over from verdun , and would take my coffee to go . he very rudely told me that he has been working since 11am by himself and if i were in his shoes , i would understand . after pleading again , i was told to just leave . while i like to sympathize with people , working a 4 hour shift as a barista is most certainly not an excuse for being flat out dismissive of your customers . that , sir , earns your business a poor rating on all the review sites i belong to . should have listened to the others .
1			it	hot no	it	warm	place	worst			worst place in concord went there tonight after a wedding we went to waited 35 min to get a burger . when it came it was warm and not hot
2			place	wonderful	part	cool	service	nice	bar	good	place	nice	food	awesome	tap	freakin	i	full	it	awesome			i hit this place when i was visting montreal with my friend . we were trying to find a french restaurant for breafast and do the whole crepe thing . the food is awesome . i had the breakfast skillet ; it was just awesome . i was so full , i could barely walk . the place is wonderful , and in a cool part of town accross from a college . this place had freakin beer tap right on the table . how cool is that ? bar is good , seemed well stocked , people dropping in for a glass on wine at 11 : 00 am . pretty cool . folks nice place , nice service . ps . i did not get a chance to check out their restrooms for shall we say toilettes . cant help you there . i judge management on how they keep the restroom .
1			skanks	gross	service	poor	crowd	disgusting	mixture	good	drinks	overpriced	wait	long	one	worst	speaking	great	skanks	like	pitcher	weak	patrons	obnoxious	spot	fun	attitudes	bad			i have mixed feeling about the w scottsdale . during the day the pool area is poorly run , but in the evenings the pool turns into a pretty fun nightlife spot . daytime : the pool is always jam packed with a fairly disgusting crowd and the dudes out number the babes by a 3 to 1 count i ' d say . that ' s no fun . oh , and by dudes , i mean douche bags . and babes ? more like gross skanks covered in makeup at the pool . ok , i guess i ' m being a hater , but spend a few hours here and you might be kind of disgusted with the scene too . it ' s just really amateur hour here with the piss poor service and their bad attitudes and obnoxious patrons . the only reason i came was because a friend likes to stay at the w when visiting and he too noted the quality of this place has declined over the years . he has stayed at four different w locations ny , south beach , westwood and said this one is the worst and trashiest . it took an hour before any waitress came over to ask if we wanted any drinks or food . when started to get service it was always a long wait for our pitcher of margaritas or buckets of beer and food . speaking of the food , the fries , fish tacos and club sandwich are all great . the grilled cheese , not so much . the first $ 42 pitcher of margaritas was weak , hardly tasting any alcohol . the second pitcher was stronger . to be fair , the saturday service was much better . nighttime : much improved scene , but still not great . there are a lot of out of towners since it is a hotel , but still plenty of locals too . i think it ' s a good mixture . pants and collared shirts are required , so that usually gets rid of most of the tank top , neck tat wannabes from earlier in the day at the pool . but really , you are just trading one group of wannabes for another . man , i ' m a hater huh ? oh well , you can handle it . drinks are overpriced , but this is the w . be ready to spend lots o ' cash . rooms : i ' ve been in a few rooms at this hotel . each have been nice and clean , but pretty small .
1			restaurant	ok	restaurant	nice	rib	prime	entree	horrible			restaurant is nice , and service ok . as a meat lover i never tasted anything that horrible as their prime rib cowboy entree serving . choose another restaurant ! ! paul
2			suite	little	manicure	nice	suite	private	you	sorry no	she	good	anna	caring	pedicures	best	suite	relaxing	she	best	anna	awesome			anna z james gives the best pedicures i have ever had period ! she is that good ! ! ! anna ' s is also awesome doing fingernails she does gels and acrylics or just a nice manicure . creations by anna z james is located in the studio salons on tropicana ave . , in suite 116 . 702 927 8831 . anna is caring , very professional , she has her own darling little suite that is private and relaxing . give anna a try , you won ' t be sorry . she is the best .
1			friend	like	customer	paying	food	horrible			i was in tilted kilt with my daughter , her friend joined us to watch a soccer game we were eating our lunch when a manager asked us to leave because a server not our server didnt like my daughters friend seriously we were a paying customer i will never give my business to that tilted kilt or any other i put a call into corporate with no response so i guess they dont care if they have customers . never again save your money the food is horrible ! ! !
1			plan	quick	reviews	bad			we called at 10 : 00 am for a taxi to arrive at 1 : 00 . we were told that a taxi would be there to pick us up at 1 : 00 . due to past experience with this taxi being late to pick us up we called at 12 : 00 to verify . now it ' s 1 : 20 and they call us to say sorry there is no taxi available . really ! ! ! our flight leaves at 2 : 50 . we had to drive our car to the airport and leave it in day parking until we could have a family member take it back home . we are literally only 10 minutes from the airport by driving time and they couldn ' t get a cab to pick is up . i really hate giving bad reviews but this is a warning to have a quick back up plan
2			cuts	seasoned	bar	huge	cuts	good	deserts	amazing			worth the money . huge salad bar with a lot of variety . lots of meat , good cuts , well seasoned . delicious ! if it ' s possible to save room for desert , the deserts are amazing !
2			service	ok	price	high	price	crazy	meat	real no	bar	best	food	amazing			amazing food ! the salad bar was the best i have ever have and the meat is unreal . the staff is constantly bring food to your table . service was ok , our waitress seem to have an attitude . i know its just one experience but that is all i got . i gave it four stars because the crazy high price .
1			experience	great no	location	delicious	dinner	worst			this is my second texas de brazil location . the aruba location was absolutely delicious , so i had to visit this location with the boyfriend when we were in las vegas since they don ' t have any locations near us . i was so estatic to introduce him to eat here but unfortunately our dining experience wasn ' t that great . most of their meats were heavily salted that our meal mostly consisted of drinking tons of water . overall , tonight ' s dinner was the worst dinner we ever had , especially for their pricing and that we couldn ' t eat our money ' s worth . definitely won ' t be coming back to this location . 1 star for staff friendliness .
2			cheeses	various	buffet	limited no	parade	endless	sides	many	buffet	huge	dessert	complementary	sides	hot	experience	great	server	nice	sides	amazing			great experience . we made a last minute reservation , which was easily accommodated with no problem . when we arrived , we were quickly sat and ordered our drinks . this place is a carnivorous dream ! ! once you ' re sat , the servers explain how everything works . everyone at the table gets a double sided coin , one side green and the other red . as long as the green side is facing up , the endless parade of steaks , sausage , roasts and ribs will keep coming ! our server was very nice and asked what our favorites were , so they would be presented first . they also have a huge unlimited buffet that includes charcuterie , various cheeses , beans , dressings , sushi , about every type of bread , lobster bisque which was amazing and many hot sides . even though we arrived closed to their closing time we were not rushed out . i even got a complementary dessert ! total win ! we will be back !
2			prices	amazing	trends	hottest	people	amazing			this boutique is absolutely fab . . patty and juan the owners are truely amazing people and there store and staff are the same . you get the hottest trends for amazing prices ! go check them out ! ! ! !
1			it	short	customer	worst			do not waste your time like i did ! i ' ll keep it short . had an appointment on saturday at 10 : 30am , they kept servicing all walkins before acknowledging me . . even after i signed in . waited 1 hour and then finally checked on me . i complained and i was told that i needed tell them i had an appointment or else they cant keep track ! ! ! ****beware ! ! ! ! worst customer service ever ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ****
2			ambiance	cozy	food	excellent	ambiance	classy	service	excellent	pot	amazing			excellent food , excellent service . pricey , but definitely worth it . the ambiance is cozy and classy as you sit in a room with just a few other tables . the pot de creme is amazing .
1			we	successful no	claims	small	man.many	horrible			my review was mysteriously removed so i will repost it i wish there was a button for no stars . this man is a fraud , liar and all around horrible business man . many of you are referring to a man named dan , but the payments i made were for a john pamo . my company paid a deposit for work to be done on an engine in december . after weeks of calling to try and schedule a time for him to come and fix the truck we were unsuccessful . we needed to get the truck fixed this is a business truck and were spending $ 5 , 000 a month for a rental after waiting 2 months for him to fix it we finally hired another company someone reliable to actually fix the problem . we filed a claim through paypal and american express but this man lied about work done and not being paid we paid him to look at the truck the first time and decided to give him the rest of the job . it is now almost march and we still have not been able to get our money back . guess it s time for small claims . beware ! ! ! ! do not give this man any money ! ! !
2			food	odd	entree	delicious	it	hard	feel	messy	food	amazing			the food was amazing but the price a bit steep and atmosphere truly odd . it was hard to wrap my mind around a delicious $ 20 entree that was served on a picnic table next to a jaw breaker machine , pop dispenser , and a host of other chachke items that made the place feel messy . if the food could be served somewhere nice , i ' d go back . otherwise , not so much .
1			wing	stuffed	thai	favorite	dish	bad			my favorite thai place in madison . ordered the c5 panang curry and c6 panang curry with stuffed chicken wing . both were excellent . i ' ve never had a bad dish there .
1			eyebrows	poor	salon	recommend no	coat	top	pedicure	regular	one	good	look	good no	experience	bad	pedicures	worst			this was one of the worst pedicures ever ! the regular pedicure cost $ 32 which seemed a bit much but i thought maybe it would be a really good one . i thought wrong , there was no massage for my legs , no scrubbing of my heels and no top coat done to my nails . 10 hours after my pedicure the polish was already chipping off my toes ! and i have polish on the cuticles , which doesn ' t look good . then there was the waxing , it cost $ 10 which is the same as any nail salon but the lady did a hack job of my poor eyebrows ! i ' m going to have to let them grow out so i can have them reshaped . the lady who did my toes and waxing wasnt very friendly . there was no hi how are you and absolutely no conversation . very weird . overall : bad experience and i would not recommend this salon to anyone .
1			table	available	staff	horrible			the wait staff is horrible . waited 5 minutes before i was even acknowledged . when i chose to sit outside the only place there was an available table , i sat for another 10 minutes before anyone came to my table , and that was only because they saw me get up to leave . very disappointed . i was really looking forward to trying this place .
1			chips	soggy	specials	good	i	crazy no	thing	good no	service	good	reviews	bad			so i have been here a few times . i am not crazy about bad reviews but i couldn ' t even eat my lunch the last time i went . its always just one thing that is not good but that one thing is enough to give me a reason to stick with my taco trucks for a while . sometimes its the soggy chips . sometimes the salsa tastes like marinara sauce . it ' s just not my cup of tea . the service is good . the beer specials are good . i just need to break from the disappointment for a bit . i will go it again in a few months i ' m sure as it is close to my office . in the meantime i need to brush up on my spanish no one at the taco truck on south blvd speaks english !
1			night	excited	deal	big	couple	tasty	tables	open	plates	small	seemed	ok no	night	rare	experience	horrible			we had a horrible service experience here . saturday night : wife and i had a rare night out and excited to check out the restaurant we ' ve heard much about . had reservations , but still waited 20 min to get seated even though we could see open tables . not a big deal , but it got worse . we waited another 15 min before the waitress came by and then still waited another 30 min before our drinks came to the table . we spoke up , politely : they acknowledged and apologized , but didn ' t seem to really care . they even forgot to bring out one of small plates we ordered . a couple of plates were tasty and a couple left much to be desired . seemed okay , not nearly as good as all the hype . we won ' t be returning and i can ' t imagine this place will be in business much longer .
2			food	overwhelmed	one	popular	help	little	roll	traditional	crab	spicy	sushi	good	i	overwhelmed	crab	medium	they	pricey	waitress	attentive	it	pricey no	you	careful	roll	bad no			the mister and i came here for some celebratory dinner . i relied on yelp for a some good sushi and koishi came up . place you have to be careful when trying to find the entrance to the restaurant . i knew the vicinity of the place , but almost missed the entrance when i finally saw the sign to the restaurant . food i was somewhat overwhelmed with the choices of sushi , appetizers , entrees , and etc . . but with a little help from the waitress , i started with the volcano salad crab , masago , cucumber , medium spicy . . oh my goodness , was deeelicious . i am craving it now , while i am typing this . then i ordered the traditional shrimp tempura roll , which was not bad , and my husband loved the cherry blossom roll since we were told i was the most popular one . service we had a kind waitress who was attentive and took care of us . so i cannot complain . price it was manageable . as any sushi place , they will be a bit pricey , but we chose this place because it was not as pricey as other sushi restaurants . koishi ! my husband and i will be back !
2			food	excellent	salads	delicious	salads	fresh	seabass	amazing			second visit here . excellent food . seabass is amazing . salads are delicious and fresh .
2			warranty	good	staff	helpful	location	decent	service	amazing			amazing customer service , helpful staff , products with good warranty and a decent location between 77 & 485 . this is my go to place for anything outdoorsy , including nutrition food !
1			service	horrible			refused me a drink because i did not have a arizona id . makes no sense i ' m here vacationing why would i have a arizona id ? told me i can only use my passport if i want a drink . i don ' t carry my passport to go get food super horrible customer service .
2			it	love	place	boring	racy	little	it	bitter	it	good	place	expensive	tv	big	fan	big	them	love	friend	ideal	friends	real	friends	potential	art	fine	universe	awesome			my friends drink here . not in this universe , my friends actually think this place is too expensive , and kind of boring but in an awesome parallel universe my real friends love it here . my ideal friend that will share in a love of pub quizzes microbrews and crossword puzzles with me hangs out here . my friend who finds beauty in the leather couches and big screen tv hangs out here . my friend who appreciates the man caviness of it all hangs out here all the time actually . my friend who doesn ' t like waiting 30 minutes to get a drink and needn ' t show the suppleness of her breasts to get some f**king service around here is a big fan of this place . my friend who knows about my freaky unnatural love of outdoor drinking arenas and either entertains it , or shares in it doesn ' t hang out anywhere but here . my friends who know that a night out should mean you get to dress down , not dress up hangs here . he mostly wears flannels and has a beard , or at least some stubble . my friend who appreciates the fine art of conversation that gets a little racy but because no one is taking shots never ends in an embarrassingly scandalous evening is there . my friend who goes to beer festivals because her boyfriend is a home brewer yea , she hangs out here too . she even brought me a six pack of aidan ' s that ' s his name prizewinning home brew . it ' s a little bitter , but good . when i go into pear tree i see all of these potential friends . and i love them like they were actually my own .
1			indian	like	restaurant	nice	food	worst			the worst , non mexican food i have ever had . the worst food i have ever had . the restaurant is nice enough , the staff nice , too , but the food , bad ! ! ! ! ! tasted more like indian , but did not look like indian ! ! ! ! ! ! avoid !
2			it	full	shop	long	it	awesome			this place gets kudos just for how bizarre it is . i mean , seriously , apart from in lapland , why would you have a year long christmas shop anywhere ? i mean , i ' m the kind of person who holds their breath until christmas has come and gone because i ' m a grinch , and this place would have me holding my breath all year long , every day , except that it ' s kind of awesome . located on victoria st . , alongside all the other grassmarket shops of quirk and merriment , it fits in perfectly . i ' d heard rumour of this place , but had to go check it out for myself just to make sure it really did exist a bit like getting someone to pinch you when you think you ' re dreaming . and it does . oh , it does . it ' s full of tinsel and pine and all those christmas colours . if you ' re a grinch like me , don ' t be put off . i mean , as far as once in a lifetime experiences go , this place is right up there with having to one day see someone jump out of a cake not done and sitting on a cactus done , embarrassingly so .
2			pack	quick	im	ill	vibe	young	option	great	pizza	thin	restaurant	upscale	restaurant	unique	staff	amazing			almost smack dowm center of downtown phoenix , hannys a unique upscale bar restaurant . walking into this place and you got this young hip vibe u cant find anywhere in downtown phoenix . the staff is amazing the bar can get pack pretty quick but it does not hurt to get a table . the menu is pack with great option . as for me , the pizza i order was not only taste but lool quite unique . have never seen a thin pizza like this . next time im down here ill for sure br stoping by again l .
1			units	new	store	particular	reviews	bad			i hate writing bad reviews but this seriously warrants it . maybe other lowes are better but this particular store just fails . management hides behind their employees and don ' t own up to their mistakes of which with my delivery there were multiple . they forgot our delivery and while i waited all day no one from lowes call about it . then after i called , they said they forgot to load my units on the truck and they rescheduled my delivery . when they did show up the units they were going to deliver were damaged and undeliverable . they delivery guys said they ' d get us new units that day or the next . after waiting 24 hrs for a call from lowes , i called and was told it won ' t be in till wednesday . well i wasted another day waiting around for a delivery that didn ' t come . absolutely no management took responsibility for the mistakes , it was all ' this wasn ' t my mistake ' or ' i ' m just finding out about this ' . absolutely no one was going to call me it seems instead they were find just taking my money . i know its a hardware store but seriously when someone gives you money principle dictates you give them their purchase .
1			everything	bad			everything is bad but the $ 2 miller lites
2			place	recommend	they	flavorful	they	delicious	it	awesome	california	central	place	bad no			i ' m from central california and this ph u00f2 place is not bad compares to the ones i been to . they are still flavorful and delicious . however they do need a few more side ingredient and it will be amazingly awesome ! but i definitely recommend this place to eat delicious ph u00f2 !
1			food	ok	they	bad			very bad service and management . , they are very bad food was ok but service was really mean i like the scottsdale , az better
1			respect	little	appearance	terrible	thing	redeeming	service	best	washcloth	mushy	toast	cold	seemed	sour	it	terrible	seemed	friendly no	washcloth	shredded	felt	bad			awful . the service was so so at best and i believe our server was the owner . she seemed sour and not super friendly . i ordered the corned beef hash and it clearly came straight from a can . it was like mushy , shredded washcloth . the appearance was so terrible i didn ' t even eat it . obviously this place has little respect for food . our toast was cold and the toast was really the only redeeming thing about the place . i took my leftovers because i felt bad for whoever runs the place that it ' s just that terrible , but i tossed them in the trash on the way home . there ' s totally a we ' re headed down the tubes type vibe . i will never go back . definitely go down the street to bagel cafe and get their corned beef hash . far superior .
1			food	love	periods	long	coloring	bad	food	good	service	horrible			i love the food but the service is horrible . i am writing this update because i recently visited them again and well the service didn ' t change . there was at most 3 groups of ppl around 4pm and the waitress would disappear for long periods of time , for awhile we all glanced at one another and i know we all silently thought where the heck did she go ? we had to wave her down if we wanted something she seemed like she didn ' t care to serve , but it ' s what you were hired for remember ! ? i left annoyed , but full of good food : if you want to know which server i mean , she has really bad hair coloring blond black ?
2			night	random	bartender	awkward	it	obvious	service	bad no			my boyfriend purchased a yelp deal not too long ago and we went for dinner . i had been before but he hadn ' t . i ' m never disappointed with their food . apparently they were running a groupon deal and it was the last day to cash in , so the place was packed like a can of sardins . we found a spot at the bar and ordered a couple of brewskis . considering how busy they were on like a random tuesday night the service wasn ' t bad . but it was obvious the bartender was busting his ass . a sweaty bartender is always a little awkward . ya dig ?
2			brick	exposed	phoenix	best	friend	best	lounge	precious	place	great	bartender	favorite	crowds	annoying	it	contemporary	lounge	hidden	prices	steep	seating	comfortable	music	loud no	it	chic	lounge	little	spot	favorite	music	amazing			i have put off this review for a long long time for fear that our precious little lounge would be overrun by annoying crowds . but i have to give props where it is deserved and sidebar is on the top of my list . i first ventured to sidebar early this year after my best friend and i found it during a yelp search . we got all fancied up and harassed in route at a dive bar we stopped at along the way . pssh neanderthals they didn ' t know where we were heading . well neither did we . this place is great . it is by far my favorite downtown spot . it has amazing music that is not too loud to converse over . you can expect to hear portishead , reggae or something groovy . if it is first friday most likely a dj will be set up in the corner spinning . there is plenty of comfortable seating for your date and yourself or group of friends . it is chic and contemporary and you cant help but dig the exposed brick . tony at the bar is my favorite bartender in town and always knows whats up . he introduced my best friend and i to sammy smiths nut ale and strongbow . this had me voting for sidebar in phoenix ' s best of for almost every category . i have been to this hidden lounge a lot . i plan to keep venturing there and saying hello to tony , but the prices are steep so my visits are seldom . try sundays if you are on a budget i hear they have 20 % off happy hour .
1			service	bad			soso food , bad service , $ 7 beers . yet another irish bar . skip this one until they come under better management .
1			what	like	bars	like	waitress	friendly no	bars	crowded	prices	like	bars	loud	drinks	great no	service	bad			came here late on a saturday night with a group of friends to celebrate my birthday . was so packed that most of our party had to stand , could barely move , and couldn ' t hear each other . the waitress was not very friendly and the drinks were not that great . my friend paid for me so i am not sure what the drink prices were like . hubby also said he saw a few people actually smoking inside . isn ' t there an ordinance for that ? needless to say , not my kind of place so we had 1 drink , paid , and went next door to san tan brewery . if you like loud , overly crowded bars with bad service , then maybe this is your place .
2			soup	recommend	food	awesome	service	awesome			service and food were awesome ! highly recommend the french onion soup . can ' t wait to come back .
1			pita	cold	gyros	marginal	service	slow	food	fast	cook	nice	lady	irritated	experience	horrible			came for lunch on a saturday afternoon . told our gyros and vegetarian plate would take 15 minutes . an hour later , the food finally came . gyros was marginal the pita was cold and not toasted . falafel was mealy . salad was soaked in dressing . just a horrible experience . the cook was nice and apologized for the slow service . the counter lady was irritated that we asked about the status of our order . and $ 20 . 00 for this fast food experience !
1			service	bad			bad customer service . they sell out of date items also . way over priced as well , if your search a little better you can bet a better deal for the same item .
1			service	horrible	you	good	food	great	employee	worst			great food horrible service and service sets you apart . fix the staff you are only as good as your worst employee so that is bad .
1			price	outrageous	food	mediocre	service	bad			bad service , mediocre food , outrageous price . if you have to ask the manager to speak to the manager , he ' s not doing his job right . $ 1 . 50 togo order charge canceling my $ 6 tip .
1			she	rude	thing	good	wait	short	fries	old	nuggets	dry	nuggets	old	employee	happy no	food	old	she	hungry	experience	horrible			i went to this location after picking up a friend from work , because she was hungry , and it was on the way home . the wait in the drive thru , was fairly short , and about the only good thing about this location . but when i got to the window the girl in the window , ruined the whole experience , she was quite rude , and did not appear to speak very much english . she failed to give us one of our drinks we had ordered and paid for , and had to ask for it . she also did not give us any straws , which we did not notice till after we left the drive thru . we also ordered a 5 piece chicken nugget , and asked for barbecue sauce . the girl said that wendy ' s only carried one type of sauce , honey mustard , and that is all we could have . in general this experience was horrible , the burger i got in the baconator combo was crushed , the fries were old and stale tasting and the 5 piece chicken nuggets were old and dry . i feel that it was toward the end of the night on a sunday and this employee was not happy to be there and also i think they gave us old food , that was pre made and had been sitting for a while . either that or she was poorly trained , i am sure the language barrier had something to do with it too !
1			visit	follow	stylist	terrible	she	clueless	t	annoying	appointment	new	she	willing no	me	clueless	haircut	horrible			after a horrible haircut i called to notify the salon . they offered for me to come back and fix the haircut and even scheduled a new appointment . after i was told i was all set i was asked to hold again fit the third time . the receptionist came back and said they caulks no longer offer me a follow up visit . when i asked why she was completely clueless ! i then asked to speak with a manager and was transferred to a voicemail . in the process i might add , i was hung up on twice but called back even though t was annoying . the manager called me back an hour later clueless of the events . after i explained she wasn ' t willing to do anything for me . i even reminded her that my first call was simply to notify them if the terrible stylist . still she was not willing to correct the situation . i informed her that i would be taking my business elsewhere .
1			part	bad			i had an appointment with her , and less than an hour of my appointment , she calls me and cancels . she said that it was a family issue , which i could understand . the bad part about it was that she didn ' t even apologize ! it ' s been over two weeks now , and i heard nothing from her . with customer service like that , you might as well kiss your business goodbye sooner or later if you treat people like that !
2			mommas	hot	job	amazing	personality	awesome			a girlfriend and i hired dianne for our hot mommas birthday party . dianne did an amazing job . she painted all of the children ' s faces , then all the moms . most of us had images from websites we wanted her to recreate think cirque du soliel and they turned out better than the original ! we got a lot of attention when we went dancing . very talented . awesome personality . we ' ll be calling dianne again .
2			looked	good	sliders	recommend	tea	decent	place	amazing			this place is amazing for happy hours . i highly recommend the chicken sliders . . the vegetable spring rolls my friend ordered looked unappetizing , but he cleaned the plate right up . i didn ' t order any alcohol here , but i was able to try every iced tea they had there which were all pretty decent . the drinks looked pretty good there too .
2			food	amazing	service	amazing			i ' ve been to several brazilian steakhouses in and out of the usa and this was definitely the best . the food and service are both amazing .
1			girl	polite	bed	alright	none	horrible	we	tired	place	recommend	nothing	comfortable no	walk	easy no	amount	horrible	we	hungry	price	cheap	resort	horrible	we	ok	area	wonderful	suitcase	large	deal	great	parking	horrible			my girlfriend and i recently went on a vacation to phoenix , week of 4 5 4 14 . we decided to buy a groupon last minute to this hotel thinking wow ! what a great deal for a wonderful area . we didn ' t bother reading the reviews at all because it was last minute and a cheap price . when we got there , check in wasn ' t bad , the girl had a smile on her face and was polite . once directed to where our room was , we decided to check it out before going out to dinner . the building had no number on it and if it did we never saw it . first issue ! second was the fact that there was only one way to get to our room ! mind you we both had a carry on and a large suitcase each . this walk was not easy with all of our luggage . thirdly , the parking was horrible ! we had to park over the next lot ! really ? i understand places get busy but that wasn ' t so bad just annoying . fourth issue , the ac took for ever to get cool ! not to mention the horrible amount of dirt , mold , leaves or what ever was in it . particles actually fell onto me which freak me out because i thought it was a bug ! nope , it was dirt dust . we thought alllllright ! well , i guess we ' re here and we just had flown in so we were tired and hungry . fifth issue so we can back , got ready to shower and my girlfriend screamed ! come to find out she nearly slipped and fell face first ! there was no shower mat in the tub ! we had to use a towel to make ends meet ! then i nearly slipped and fell and injured my back ! the bed was alright , pillows were nothing but air and uncomfortable , barely slept all night . the next day i complained the to the man at the desk and all he did was thank us for telling him the issues . nothing was done , nothing was credited or asked if we were ok . my back hurt the whole entire trip ! none of the less , this hotel was horrible , i will never stay here or recommend this place to anyone and i hope no one does ! what blew my mind was how this resort was so horrible ! no fridge , microwave in the room , no breakfast finger foods in the morning . horrible ! we ended up staying at the hampton inn , in glendale and had a wayyyy better experience for close to what we paid for . only 1 star is given for the girl that checked us in the night before . other than that , this resort was horrid and would rather sleep in a car than in here .
1			atmosphere	great	service	bad			never had bad service or food , great atmosphere ! a little pricey but we ' ll worth it . two thumbs up
1			worker	competent	bad	bad	service	bad			bad , bad , bad , bad , bad , bad , bad , bad , bad , bad , bad , bad , bad , bad , bad , bad , bad , bad , bad , bad , bad , bad , bad , bad , bad , bad , bad , bad , bad , bad , bad , bad , bad , bad , bad , bad , bad , bad , bad , bad , bad , bad , bad , bad , bad , bad , bad , bad , bad , bad , bad , bad , bad , bad , bad , bad customer service . would not fix a problem that should have been caught by any competent fedex worker . if i have to use fedex ever again i will go to another drop off location . thanks to this shipping location for letting me post my first one star review . don ' t want to waste any more of my time typing any more about them . did i mention the customer service was bad ?
2			crusts	crispy	choices	tempting	pizza	delicious	servers	quick	servers	attentive	salads	delicious	table	open	ingredients	terrific	choices	many	ingredients	fresh	place	great	crusts	chewy	crusts	terrific			i made a reservation through open table and we were seated immediately on the patio which i was hoping for . the menu had many tempting choices . we selected the vegetable salad , strawberry salad and artichoke pizza . the kids had a cheese and a sausage pizza . our servers were quick and attentive and the salads and pizza were absolutely delicious ! the crispy , chewy crusts and fresh salad ingredients were terrific . we were in and out in less than an hour which was perfect because we wanted to get back to watch playoff hockey . great place !
2			crowd	appropriate no	incident	strange	food	excellent	spot	great	atmosphere	excellent	lighting	low	it	intimate	it	quiet	food	amazing			the food and atmosphere is excellent here . we had a bit of a strange incident with the people that were there hanging out . i won ' t go into detail but this place is not for kids . it would be a great date spot as it ' s quiet and intimate with low lighting and good music . food was amazing i would definitely go back for the food and wine and hopefully the crowd won ' t be so crude and inappropriate .
1			location	convenient	service	bad			has a convenient location and it is fresher than other paradise bakeries , however experience is absolutely ruin by bad customer service . there is very few people that have customer service here as compared to other locations , most of them are guys ! i ' m never coming back to this location thanks to the cashier named lirio .
1			it	short	area	super	area	private	kids	rich	daddies	old	it	like	something	special	looks	good	music	ok	people	like	evenings	worst			okay , to make it short the facts : 1 . 5 hours waiting 50 bucks drinks expensive as hell last but not least the people : undergraduate , snobbish girls and old sugar daddies . that ' s it . the music is okay , the location looks pretty good , like everything in las vegas . and btw you are separated in two classes people with a vip private super mega lounge area , and people without . honestly one of the worst evenings in my life . ps : maybe this kind of clubbing is something special for rich snobbish kids from a suburb , but not for people who now what clubbing is like in europe . don ' t wanna sound bitchy but i dont understand why people like it in this club .
2			parts	certain	place	awesome	thing	cute	concert	intimate	djs	amazing	experience	awesome	people	many	thing	young	i	big no	thing	little	him	amazing			i ' m not big into the club scene , but this place is awesome . they hire some of the most amazing djs from all over the world . i saw avicii at xs back in april , and it was such an awesome experience kind of like an intimate concert . the dj who opened for him was also amazing don ' t know her name but she looked like a young 20 something cute little thing . both played one hit after another . i love that you can hang out on the patio and just catch your breath outside , and still be able to watch the show . my only complaint is that they definitely let way too many people into this joint . i may even venture to say that they were over capacity at certain parts of the night , but the crowd somehow died out and once we got away from the dance floor , we had room to breathe .
2			music	great	club	best	brothers	little	drinks	awesome			if i could give it more stars i would ! ! ! ! ! ! by far the best club in las vegas whoever goes here must attend it . alot of people complain about how pricey it is but hey you get what you pay for right ! its classy , upscale , drinks are fucking awesome . great music ! i recently went in november for my little brothers 21st birthday but i was kind of iffy about even going since it wasnt like summer or anything so i didnt think id see anyone good . to my luck tiesto was gonna be there that nigh . i was beyond stocked ! ! ! ! made it better than it already is ! ! ! !
2			way	special	bar	high	place	local	menu	special	food	fresh	sushi	spicy	place	comfortable	bowl	beautiful	i	alone	cuts	bright	places	many	ground	common	amounts	reasonable	oysters	hate	passion	modest	taste	unique	cuts	fresh	food	authentic	personalities	wonderful	i	hungry	it	difficult	oysters	seasonal	oysters	amazing			i was alone and hungry one day and i decided to stop by miko ' s to eat for the very first time . i just wanted to try it out , no expectations . i ordered their spicy yellowtail bowl sushi bowls are usually my measuring sticks for rating japanese places . i was blown away . the sushi cuts were bright , fresh , and wholesome and the rice was prepared in a special way , having a unique taste to it . and it was all presented in a beautiful bowl . i then noticed the entire staff was japanese . from this first experience , i knew this place was different . i ' ve been to many japanese places around town over the years , and miko ' s stands out . all other japanese places seemed to be just carbon copies of each other , and they lack some kind of labor of love that miko ' s has . they aim to be a comfortable local place with quality food that is fresh and authentic . the tuna is dark crimson red , not disgustingly pink like in most sushi places . they have a chef ' s special menu that changes periodically the seasonal oysters were amazing , and i hate oysters . there ' s even a vegetarian menu . greg , the owner , makes sure that they serve the best of everything in reasonable amounts and prices , from sake to ice cream . i always admired the modest passion for detail and quality in this place . from the presentation to the taste , to the wonderful personalities of greg and miko , this place has become a common stomping ground for me for the past year . i ' ve come to know them well now , and i believe their passion for their business shows in their food as well as in their personalities . it ' s difficult for me to go to other japanese places because miko ' s set the bar quite high . i ' ve been recommending this place to others over time , and will continue to do so .
2			food	delicious	salad	lovely	tortilla	warm	art	love	salad	chopped	it	terrific			my husband and i had lunch at botero this past weekend and it was terrific ! sat outside by the pool and though much of the bikini scenery worked against an appetite , the food was delicious . had a lovely chopped salad with rotisserie chicken , greens and pistachios . enjoyed warm tortilla chips with guacamole and salsa . husband had some sort of panini and french fries . absolutely love the art at botero !
1			experience	worst	attitude	worst			had the worst experience eating at this restaurant . cashier in front gave us the worst attitude . i used to come to this restaurant every time i come to las vegas , i will not go any more .
2			studio	love	girls	love	i	interested	form	correct	it	amazing			love this studio and all the girls who work here . i had been so interested in trying barre for some time and ever since i did it has been amazing . i have only done it 5 weeks but i can definitely see my body changing already . the girls are so supportive and motivating and always make sure you have correct form !
2			service	great	food	delicious	place	awesome			awesome place . went in during happy hour . 1 2 price appetizers . ordered boneless and bone in wings , mozzarella sticks and onion rings . $ 3 beers all day everyday . can ' t complain . great service and delicious food . recommend to anyone .
1			thing	little	noodles	horrible			just run when you see this restaurant , noodles were horrible , appetizers come late and worst i got a stomach pain , for one hours i was in allien movie , little thing was going to burst out from my stomach with noodle on the top .
1			food	bad			fooled by the ambience . . bad food .
1			they	lucky	blood	cold	waiters	stupid	place	worst			if you have choices , do not ever ever come to this place for a meal , because you will regret for that if you do have anything in the place . waiters acting like f**king cold blood animals , not even mentioning the waiting time is stupid long . worst place ever ! and they ' re lucky that i can ' t give zero star to this place , i would definitely give a zero star if i could .
2			tables	large	selection	great	vibe	warm	food	amazing	vibe	welcoming	!!!	awesome			yum ! yum ! yum ! ! cornish pasty is an awesome place ! ! ! most of the seating is large community tables and there is a very warm , welcoming vibe to the whole place ! ! they have a great selection of beers and the food was amazing ! ! ! very authentic and so delicious ! ! this will definitely become a must go place for me anytime i visit az ! ! !
1			room	clean	felt	dirty	prices	cheap	family	extended	ride	scary	apartment	dingy	place	decent	room	worst			i stayed here during the summer of 2008 and god , it gives me goosebumps to remember that experience , but i ' ll do so to warn others of the horrors staying here . my frugal uncle was in charge of booking hotel rooms for our extended family ' s trip so naturally , he booked the tropicana for a two night stay because of the cheap prices . i begged him to please reconsider and at least book us at a decent place like the monte carlo , but he wouldn ' t listen . anyways , the room we stayed at was not even in the tower . it was in some dingy apartment like structure next to the towers and although it had a view of the pool , it was definitely the worst hotel room i ' ve ever stayed at . the elevator ride was scary , the hallways were dark , and everything just felt dirty . just don ' t even think about staying at the tropicana . i hear they ' re making renovations to the place now , but it really can ' t be that much better . just pay a bit more somewhere else where you can enjoy a clean room . this place has been around for much too long and needs to be demolished to make way for newer hotels .
2			hummas	awesome			the hummas is awesome ! ! !
2			food	amazing			the most amazing food ever ! going back again before i depart the area ! ! !
2			service	great	days	discounted	deal	good	wings	best	waitresses	amazing			best wings ever ! love how they treat customers . always great service expecially from the bartender . never keeps us waiting and always on top of things . waitresses are amazing and go out of their way just to put on the game you wanna see . def highly recommend and if you go on the discounted wing days shoot your really getting a good deal !
1			poker	free	review	bad	practices	bad			found out today the owner has banned me from going back because of the bad review . free poker is played there but what a joke owner and bad business practices .
2			studio	clean	instructor	helpful	what	like	purchase	original	member	long	business	wonderful	she	awesome	instructor	kind	it	amazing	classes	awesome			i tried my first class two days ago and it was amazing . i was sold . they welcomed me right away and they have lots of equipment bolsters , straps , blankets etc . what i really liked about this place is they offered water and a mat rental without charging unlike most places . the instructor was kind and helpful . also the studio is well maintained and clean . i pre purchased a 5 class pass that day . much to my dismay the very next morning a groupon for a much better deal popped up . it was for first time students only . technically , i was no longer a first time student . i emailed the owner and she was awesome about it ! she let me cancel my original purchase and get the groupon deal instead . i have a feeling i am going to become a long time member of this studio due to its wonderful business ethic and awesome classes .
2			thee	love	gifts	little	bath	heavenly	goodie	cheap	girls	nice	babies	little	gifts	fun	you	soft	gift	perfect	products	natural	goodie	little	mix	great	butter	great	day	stressful	gift	cheap	place	like	demo	free	number	lucky	girls	helpful	skin	dead	bath	fabulous	way	great	products	awesome			let me gush about lush . yeah , i just said that . how do i love thee , let me count the ways . 1 . your fabulous bath bombs . a cheap and perfect gift that the girls always love . i always put them in the gift baskets . i suggest even breaking them in half and getting double use out of these bomb little babies ! 2 . bubble bars . a giant , heavenly scented bubble bath . what a great way to end a stressful day . another little cheap goodie . 3 . fresh made face masks . you don ' t pay more than 10 dollars for a freshly made face mask that is made with all natural products and lasts up to 2 weeks . you also get choices for your face type or for what scent flavor you want to smother on for a evening . 4 . ocean salt . now i am sure you are thinking why would anyone put ocean salt on their body , but this is like spring break in a jar . open it and take a wif and you can put it anywhere . great as a face wash and body wash ! double win ! 5 . lots of vegan made products so how can those be bad for your skin ? 6 . the girls here are nice and helpful and will even give you a free hand demo of some of their awesome products . they seem to be well trained too so bust out those questions . 7 . lucky number 7 goes to one of my favorites not like the rest of them aren ' t though the buffy . a great body butter bar you use in the shower that takes off some dead skin leaving you so soft how could anyone complain ? and leaves you moisturized ! go in and have some fun . i happen to like this place better than bath and body . lots of great mix and match fun little gifts for you and your family and friends .
1			beer	worth	food	horrible			epic fail ! horrible food . the beer was the only thing worth while .
2			everything	great	selection	huge no	thing	good	service	friendly	wait	long	i	tired no	food	ready	bbq	best	it	terrific			best bbq in town ! unfortunately , everyone knows it , so the wait can be pretty long 30 40 min at peak hours . but you can get a drink to pass the time . my favorite is rib tips with carolina red sauce , but everything is great here . the beer selection is not huge , but it is always terrific , and they switch it up a lot . service is friendly , and the food is usually ready quickly since it ' s all smoked . i eat here at least once a week , and am not tired of it yet ! good thing , since i always take home leftovers .
2			pie	amazing			the revamped peanut butter pie is amazing ! !
1			fish	naked	gratuity	mandatory	service	bad			went to naked fish happy hour . really bad bad service and they charge mandatory $ 5 gratuity . not worth the food . never will go back . and bad service and had to pay the tips .
2			sake	good	personality	cute	they	busy	entree	allergic	salad	good	steak	good	chicken	good	experience	great	sake	raspberry	it	delicious	it	amazing			this was a spur of the moment choice for dinner saturday night . . they were kinda busy so the sat us at the bar . . bartender super cute personality and suggested the blue raspberry sake which was pretty good . . we waited maybe 10 minutes before being seated . . decided to split the special which was soup salad appetizer entree shrimp , lobster , filet mignon , and chicken omg it was amazing ! ! the salad was really good w the ginger dressing . . tempura veggies were greatness . . the entree because my date is allergic to seafood , i got the lobster and shrimp and it was beyond delicious . . the chicken and steak were pretty good for the bite that i received lol . . all and all a great experience !
1			it	dry	breakfast	worst	service	terrible	place	horrible			this place is horrible ! ! ordered the chorizo breakfast burrito . it didnt have any chorizo in it at all ! it was dry and made of corn beef hash . which they are trying to pass off as chorizo i guess . when i asked if they had maybe got my order wrong the waitress simply said no you got the chorizo burrito . however i am sure that is not what i got . couldnt even eat it and they didnt even care . i spoke with the owner about it and all he said was that he would love to take me into the kitchen and show me the chorizo . terrible customer service and the worst breakfast i have ever had ! its really hard to screw up breakfast ! dont waste you time ! !
2			service	great	place	amazing			amazing place and great customer service ! ! !
2			decor	good	access	easy	restaurant	excellent	location	perfect	decor	modern	restaurant	contemporary	rooms	awesome			have stayed here about 3 times . rooms are pretty awesome , modern , good decor , clean . no smoke smell in casino . yes , there can sometimes be a bit of a wait for check in . julian serrano ' s excellent contemporary spanish restaurant . fitness and spa are state of the art . hotel perfect location at city center , easy access to strip and all things vegas .
2			style	amazing	hotels	beautiful	gem	true	architecture	amazing			this i one of the best and most beautiful hotels and casinos here in vegas . the architecture and the style is amazing . the bellagio better look out ! the aria ' s fountains do rival the water shows at the bellagio ! absolutely stunning and a well thought out layout make the aria a true gem !
1			reservation	new	taste	bad			unauthorized charges on my credit card : i booked a reservation at the aria and ended up cancelling that one and setting up a new reservation after finding a better deal for being an mlife gold member . however , the aria still charged me a deposit for two reservations and refuses to assist in the removal of the other charge . their phone help has been giving me the runaround . i ' m now on the phone with my credit card company to get them involved . i have to say this is incredibly disappointing and leaving a very bad taste in my mouth . i ' m hoping this situation can be rectified and i get the chance to enjoy my stay in a few weeks . until then , i recommend double checking your credit card statements for unauthorized charges !
1			review	negative	stars	negative	service	bad			let me just say that i hardly ever review things on yelp so this negative review should have some weight . if i could give negative stars i would . i have never been at a resort with such bad customer service . they need to go back to customer service 101 . everyone at the hotel from the people who check you in to the spa attendant i would fail all of them . they have no idea what customer service is and they have no idea how to treat their customers well . if they keep this up they ' ll be closing very soon . i stayed at the cosmopolitan the night before and it was like night and day compared to the vdara . the hospitality is 1000000x better there and they truly treat you like a king . so save yourself from headache and grief do not stay at the vdara .
2			bonus	added	%	smoking	everything	amazing			staying at vdara this weekend made our vegas experience 100xs better ! ! everything about our two bedroom penthouse suite was amazing ! ! plus , the fact that the resort is 100 % non smoking was an added bonus ! will definitely stay in the vdara family resorts moving forward !
1			comforter	dirty	comforter	stained	guest	prior	place	worst			this is the worst place ever ! the first room i checked into was infested with bugs , then they moved me to a room that obviously had not been cleaned since the prior guest left . i called to complain and they told me to use the extra blanket in the closet , since the comforter on the bed was dirty and stained . then a few days after i checked out my credit card was charged a $ 300 cleaning fee , for nothing ! !
2			buffet	new	buffet	best	rib	best	selection	crazy	place	popular	rooms	cheap	service	excellent	rib	amazing	rib	prime	food	good	place	good	spa	amazing			i have been to a lot of buffets in vegas , including bellagio , wynn , rio seafood buffet , mandalay bay , etc , and i have to say this is the best new buffet in vegas . it ' s almost half the price of bellagio and wynn and the food is just as good . the prime rib is amazing , probably one of the best prime rib served at a buffet . the desserts ' selection is crazy , and your buffet includes all you can drink wine and beer . do i really need to say anything else ? the only reason this place doesn ' t have 5 stars is of course the wait . the fact that this place is so good is not a well kept secret . this place is really popular on the weekends and wait can get up to 2+ hours . so it might be a good time to get a player ' s card at m resort . if you collect enough points you can get vip passes to the front of the line . on a side note m resort is also a really good place to stay . rooms are cheap , service is excellent , their spa is amazing so i hear from a friend , and you might be able to get ahead in line for the buffet .
1			tables	many	food	worth	tables	open	buffet	expensive	hostesses	numerous	experience	horrible			horrible experience . went there with my father over labor day . when we arrived the line was very long , but moving so we decided to get in . at first the line crept along , but at least it moved . then it slowed down . then it slowed down to a stop . we had already paid so we were stuck . we saw many open tables and numerous hostesses talking amougnst themselves about what to do , but not actually doing anything like actually seating the customers . it took over 1 1 2 hours from getting in line to getting to our table . and remember there were many , many open tables so there was more than enough seating . just not enough customer service . no food , especially at an expensive buffet such as this , is worth that wait . will never go back .
1			pumpkin	recommend	gelato	good	banana	recommend	buffet	awesome no			this buffet wasn ' t that awesome . i think bellagio ' s buffet is better . the only upside is that they have all you can drink beer & wine & lattes coffee and a pretty good dessert selection i highly recommend their pumpkin or banana gelato . i wouldn ' t come back . it ' s definitely overhyped .
1			margaritas	weak	margaritas	sweet	food	worst			this was the worst food we have ever eaten in las vegas ! the margaritas were weak and too sweet . we will not be back .
2			music	live	courtyard	relaxing	teas	tasty	selection	extensive	options	tasty	experience	pleasant	she	particular	place	great	coffee	love	atmosphere	amazing			i ' ve had several meetings here in their relaxing courtyard and found the atmosphere and ambiance simply amazing . a great place to have conversations where you can actually hear the person your conversing with regardless of how many other people there are in the courtyard . i ' ve had the same pleasant experience there in the evening when there was live music . my wife loves their coffee , and she ' s very particular . i ' m not a coffee drinker but their teas and other drink options are quite tasty . not having an extensive food selection may be an issue for others , but for what they present themselves as a coffee roast house this is as definitively , good as it gets !
1			talk	complimentary	diner	critical	menu	extensive	experience	traditional	prawns	juicy	tip	instant	munching	careful	slither	small	i	concerned	affair	tasty	individual	grumpy	portion	generous	pasta	decent	lady	young	ornament	favourite	day	worst			greeted with buona sera signorina , the sound of accordion background music , and an array of ice cream flavours as i walked through the door of la favorita , i was instantly cheered out of my lethargic state . not least because the twinkly eyed waiter called me young lady this kind of complimentary talk earns anyone an instant tip as far as i ' m concerned . this eatery is the kind of classic , traditional italian experience which has to produce at least a smile from visitors , even if you ' ve had the worst day at work ever been dumped dropped your favourite ornament are a generally grumpy individual . i opted for the risotto imperiale , a tasty , well presented , affair , which came with jumbo , juicy prawns and a langoustine with one claw perched on top of a generous portion of rice and champagne sauce . my very critical fellow diner , definitely a pizza enthusiast , went for the pizza ai due salami , which after a few minutes of careful munching he announced was very good , definitely high praise for him , before continuing to devour the rest of his meal , only offering me a small slither . la favorita has a pretty extensive menu , with all the dishes on offer you would expect from an italian restaurant , so if you ' ve got a craving for decent pasta and pizza somewhere different , where you ' re not paying over the odds , take a wander away from the centre of town and get down to leith walk .
2			lady	attractive	food	delicious	i	best	room	small	music	loud	lady	young	management	poor	sauce	spicy	almonds	sliced	sign	good	place	favorite	someone	busy	bits	marinated	order	delightful	food	authentic	people	poor	it	amazing			last night i craved indian food and logged on to yelp for help . my very favorite place is 18 miles away and i wanted something nearby . i found tandoori times and arrived there at 8pm . i couldn ' t believe that at 8pm there were 10 people ahead of us waiting for a table . a good sign i thought or poor management that can ' t handle a crowd ? someone who appeared to be the owner was busy working to see that everyone got a table quickly . we got a table in 10 minutes in a small room they have in the rear of the restaurant . within 5 minutes we got a waitress and placed our order . she brought us condiments a red spicy sauce , coriander chili sauce and a spicy sauce made with marinated ginger bits . no papadums . most restaurants give you papadums . we missed them . my order of chicken vindaloo was absolutely delightful spiced just as i requested hot . our double order of bread came hot and delish we don ' t eat rice . my husband ' s lamb tikka was generous and nicely done . during our meal , the belly dancer started her act . this meant that the loud music would soon begin . and i mean loud . i don ' t know if it was that we were in that small room , but my eardrums were about to burst . there was no relief until we ended our meal . the belly dancer could not be seen from our room so we stood up to peek at what was going on . it was an attractive young lady , dressing in belly dancing garb dancing to indian pop music . not really belly dancing . i ' ve done belly dancing myself . next , dessert . i ordered the kheer . it was absolutely amazing . it was creamy with sliced almonds and raisins . probably one of the best i ' ve had anywhere . i gave tandoori times 4 stars because the music was too loud and it kind of spoiled the experience for us . other than that the food is really authentic and delicious . i hope that the management will consider toning down the music at least for the poor people in the back room . i would never accept a seat in that room when i return . and , i will return .
1			service	horrible	day	bad			horrible customer service , cashier must have had a bad day . talked ugly to customers . not returning to this starbucks . first time i had service like this .
2			price	reasonable	paninis	great	atmosphere	awesome			awesome atmosphere and great paninis . price was reasonable too !
1			service	bad			overpriced for the food they serve . service was bad .
1			selection	small	buffet	cheap	it	open	it	bad			granted this is a pretty cheap buffet for the strip . that doesn ' t mean you should eat here . it ' s really , really bad . in fact , i have no idea why it ' s still open . they have a very small selection and the food reminds me of what you would get in a nursing home . worst of all , the place smells like diarrhea .
2			seemed	ok	st.	fremont	stuff	awesome	dre	amazing			found this spot our first time exploring fremont st . we walked by and playing on the speaker outside was someone singing gin and juice and playing piano . if you ' ve never heard the lyrics pimps up , hoes down over a piano melody , let me tell you , it ' s pretty awesome stuff . all the bartenders sing , and they are all dope . dre is amazing , despite the fact people kept requesting her to sing lady gaga . which brings me to my next point . tip them them bartenders , piano players and they will sing your requests . drink prices seemed ok , although we just had beers $ 6 . either way , that place is definitely good times .
1			it	overpriced	food	great	staff	awesome no			i didn ' t think the food was great . the staff wasn ' t awesome either they kind of had the vibe like hey i ' m better than you and my friend asked for a side of salsa and never even came back . it ' s soooooooo overpriced for this shit .
1			it	tasteless	it	dry	burrito	worst			worst breakfast burrito i ' ve ever had . it was dry and tasteless even after drenching it with sauce . better off going across the hall to einstein ' s .
1			waitresses	awesome	pizza	local	wings	bad no	nights	busy	selection	bad			best local pizza ! just order the cheeseburger pizza with bacon . delicious ! seriously . the wings aren ' t bad , not a bad beer selection . we go for games and sometimes trivia night on wednesday . service is so , so but a couple if the waitresses are awesome . might need more staff on busy nights .
2			sushi	medium	sushi	like	peoples	nice	i	drunk	sushi	overpriced	service	awesome			if you like overpriced sushi that ' s extra medium , this place is for you . the service was awesome , though . nice peoples here . if i was drunk and not able to drive and somehow found myself on this street in phoenix craving sushi in front of this restaurant , i will probably take off my shoes and pants and start drunk dialing my friends until someone picks me up and takes me to a different sushi place . just kidding , my friends wouldn ' t take me to a different sushi place . they would probably just take me home .
2			crust	amazing	pizza	best	i	particular	cheese	perfect	sauce	amazing			hands down the best pizza in las vegas ! ! ! ! ! i was born and raised in nyc . i moved to las vegas 4 years ago and i have been in search of pizza that tastes like it does back home . i am 100 % italian and learned to cook from the best . so as you can see i am very particular about my pizza . the sauce and crust were amazing the cheese was perfect . i will never ever eat pizza anywhere else ! ! ! ! ! i can ' t wait to try all of there entrees go there asap ciao :
2			rolls	crunchy	food	awesome	bang	fantastic	items	favorite	atmosphere	awesome			the food & atmosphere at sushi rock is awesome . my favorite items to get include the bento boxes the chicken is yummi , the crunchy rolls , and the udon ! they have an udon & roll special during lunch which is a fantastic bang for your buck ! i definitely miss this place since i ' ve moved off campus !
1			salad	smoked	dressy	yummy	nothing	cheap	salad	large	portion	great	checks	ready	york	new	street	main	enough	solid	everything	ready	server	nice	it	delicious	dog	hot no	reviews	bad			this place has bad reviews but i ' m not really sure why ? yes , you ' ll pay a dollar or 2 more for a burger here then you would in main street , any town , usa but you are at new york , ny hotel on the vegas strip . nothing is cheap here , not even the hot dog from the other stand . i got a smoked chicken salad on arugula , goat cheese , walnuts and a yummy vinaigrette dressy . warning , the goat cheese came fried in a ball , but it was delicious ! the salad is large and a great portion of chicken , bf got the a turkey burger with some toppings that seemed solid enough to me . the server was really nice , we explained we had less than 30 minutes until our cirque show started . she explained all burgers are made to order and will take 20 minutes . our food came out in 20 minutes , she had our checks and everything ready . also , since the bar was limited to beer and wine , we were allowed to bring drinks from other bars inside which i know a lot of places frown upon .
1			meat	full	chocolate	frozen	man	curly	york	new	food	good	decor	like	move	wrong	place	famous	chocolate	alright	seem	personable no	employees	hate	it	hard	chocolate	hot	waitress	alright	hair	curly	menu	overpriced	burger	good	potato	sweet	one	original	fries	awesome	things	awkward	it	small	food	overpriced	favorite	definite	seemed	angry	menu	bad			the food here is good , but overpriced . cleanliness : 4 5 service : 3 5 food : 4 5 abc avocado , brie , caramalized onions burger frozen hot chocolate i don ' t remember why this place was famous , but supposedly it ' s in a movie or something and the original one is in new york . the decor is really girly and circus like . our party decided to sit outside , but that was probably a wrong move because it was hella windy . luckily they had some heaters on , so that made it somewhat better . our waitress was alright . she didn ' t seem very personable or present . she was barely around , and there weren ' t even a lot of customers outside . however this other guy with curly hair was also waiting tables nearby , and eventually helped us whenever we needed something . thank you curly hair man . the supervisor or whoever that blond lady was , seemed really angry and mean . please take that negativity behind the doors and away from the customers . i hate hearing employees getting scolded right next to any customer in a restaurant it makes things so awkward . now for the food ! the abc burger was pretty damn good . it was kinda hard to bite because it was stacked up high . it was kind of small , but enough for me . the burger came with these awesome sweet potato fries . my definite favorite . i asked for some honey mustard , which made it even more bomb . the meat was cooked correctly and was full of flavor . for dessert , i got the frozen hot chocolate which was alright . nothing out of this world . would i come here again ? probably , just because it ' s vegas and those sweet potato fries are always a win for me . too bad the menu is overpriced !
1			place	recommend no	something	important	food	horrible			ugh , after seeing this place on tanked i had decided to check it out , bleh what a waste of time and money , the food was horrible and the service was worse . our waiter kept checking on the table next to us and we were forgotten . the person who brought us our food just slammed it down and walked off as if we were bothering him from doing something more important . then we had asked to speak to the manager and he didn ' t give a rats ass either . i do not recommend this place at all . we went on saturday the 25th .
2			sundaes	amazing	place	love	chocolate	frozen	chocolate	hot	service	awesome			i love this place ! their sundaes are amazing . the frozen hot chocolate is just a bit over rated for my taste if you like chocolate milk then go for it . the you get what you pay for at this place and the service is awesome . if you ' re visiting vegas or even just a local , this place is a must .
2			staff	friendly	mani	awesome	lady	awesome			oh how i wish i could leave a better star rating . friendly staff , there ' s only three of them , but non the less they make you feel right at home . the lady that did my toes was awesome and totally knew what she was doing when i asked for french tootsies . and the first time i came here the lady that did my gel mani was equally as awesome . my mistake was to get pink and whites by the husband . don ' t get me wrong super nice guy , but the way he did my nails made my neck hurt . because all my nails were leaning to the left ! ! ! i had to tilt my head every time to try and make them seem straight but to no success . and no its not my fingers that go to the left , i made sure after i ripped them off 2 days after . i guess you can say this review is strictly for the mister who does pink and whites , try the wife or the other lady or you ' ll be tilting your head to the left to the left
2			michaels	awesome			michaels is awesome . i prefer their custard over culvers though i still frequent culvers as well for that but michaels burgers and fries are head and shoulders above culvers in taste . their rootbeer is also better than culvers and so is the cheese curds so i ' m beginning to wonder why i ever even go to culvers .
2			he	suck	daughter	old	service	awful	i	loud no	service	bad no			so sick of going back to the henderson , nv location . . everytime we go service is awful . . tonight we went at 3 : 30 thinking service wouldn ' t be as bad and they seated us in the bar area hehem with our 18 yr old daughter and i ordered salmon , my husband ordered , pizza , and my daughter got an appetizer . . i actually walked out because my salmon took until 5 : 00 for some reason and the waiter was so dumb he said our order was taking longer because of the salmon . . how stupid is he to offend a customer , really ? i wouldn ' t have cared so much had not all of the booths around us filled up and they were all leaving or having dessert when our food finally came and the table in front of us had all steaks ! when he used the salmon excuse i told him it was easier than steak and he ran off like a baby and i wasn ' t even loud . . so weird . . not going back to this b . j . ' s and always ask myself if these people interviewed for a job being as negligent as they are as waiters . . oh , to defend this place i could tell his co workers were thinking , oh god , he sucks . .
2			props	serious	food	great	it	awesome			being from veggie capital of the planet aka portland , or . i got serious props for this place . great food , lots of selection and a very smiley happy crew here . yea it was awesome ! !
1			children	small	promoters	annoying	children	appropriate no	marketing	worst			worst marketing in the city . standing on street corners downtown , verbally harassing pedestrians and littering their pornographic advertisements all over town . i don ' t have a problem with nudity , i have a problem with the cards being accessible to small children so inappropriate . these promoters are annoying as hell , disrespectful , and know no boundaries . if i don ' t make eye contact , here ' s an idea : leave me alone . that is not a coy way of inviting you to follow me down the street ten yards and toss papers at my retreating back .
2			seemed	interested no	manner	timely	breading	crispy	tasted	good	breading	nice	fries	salty	it	strong	she	rude	it	boring	dressing	garlicky	i	glad	place	popular	bananas	infamous	fish	perfect	it	odd	she	mean no	sauce	good	sauce	amazing			so this seems to be a popular place in charlotte , but i was a bit underwhelmed by my whole experience here . first off , we were the only ones in the restaurant on a weekday night . no one else showed up for a half hour , and it seemed that the waitress had better things to do than check up on us in a more timely manner . she wasn ' t mean or rude , but she almost seemed uninterested in serving us by how she approached and left our table . maybe i was reading too much into it , but i found it odd . perhaps , she was just trying to give us our space and not smother us . i don ' t know . she really could have talked up the menu or been more into asking us what we needed wanted . my husband and i shared the house salad , the fish and chips and the infamous bananas foster crepe for dessert . house salad tasted good , but the dressing was overpoweringly garlicky . i could only eat half of it , because it was so strong . normally , i would have eaten it all myself because , c ' mon . it ' s just salad . the fish was actually perfect . nice crispy breading with a tender , moist fish in the middle . not too much batter , and no fish taste . just fresh and delicious . the tartar sauce was good , but not amazing . and the fries were a little too salty . they were cooked well . just too much sodium chloride . and then and then the bananas foster crepe . everyone here has raved about this crepe , so i decided we should try it . umm maybe we went to the restaurant when everyone that worked there was having an off day , but i thought it was totally boring . i was expecting something amazing , and i couldn ' t have been more sleepy about it . i ' ve had better crepes at a friend ' s house , who had only learned to make crepes the same day we went over . it wasn ' t gross or anything . i guess there was just so much hype for me that i thought there would be more to it . sorry crepe cellar . while i ' m glad i went to experience it , i don ' t know that i will go back . first impressions sort of mean a lot to me . and , i don ' t want to fall asleep at the table .
1			dog	hot	selection	good no	it	nice	service	horrible			i let my costco membership expire when this sam ' s club near my house opened up . at first it was nice but then the honeymoon wore off . the selection was not as good and the service was horrible . it seems the last few times i have gone the person in front of me buys something from the security cage . it has taken what seems like 20 minutes for them to get the manager who has the key and get the item every time . the manager is at a podium 20 yards away and the secure cage is 20 yards in the other direction . i don ' t expect olympic pace but this is not even a snail ' s pace . then the service at the food counter is also horrible continuing with the theme . the employees walk around behind the counter like they are laboring just to move around and it hurts them to grab a hot dog out of the container and put it in a bun and wrapper for you . to drive it home they might throw it on the counter for you like they did for me . even though the costco is a few more miles away and much busier all i have to say is costco here i come .
2			day	bad	things	many	reminders	multiple	others	glad	tapas	delicious	go	new	something	amazing			this might be my new go to restaurant . i ' d been there when they first opened up and wasn ' t blown away by the food , but last night was completely different . every thing we ordered many things i ' d never order as a meal but glad others ordered the tapas was delicious , but i have to say my favorite was the steamed buns with an asian meat filling ridiculous ! our waiter looked like he wanted to be somewhere else and needed multiple reminders , but i ' m writing that off to having a bad day and will definitely go back soon ! the pea soup again , something i ' d never order for dinner was amazing , as were the mushrooms , the scallops were cooked perfectly , etc . looking forward to going back soon !
2			taco	amazing			simply awesome ! definitely try the fresh made chips and guacamole as well as the tacos . the carne asada beef taco is amazing . margarita ' s were spot on . the hotel that it is locate in is a little different , but don ' t let that scare you away .
1			tab	wrong	sundae	amazing	indication	good	staff	horrible	bar	amazing	bill	correct no	people	many	staff	rude	drink	amazing	rude	organized no	place	bad			the bar is amazing but the staff is horrible . i have sent over 13 complaints to try to get a response from the owner or bar manager and have been ignored . we had our reception at this bar and it was a nightmare . unorganized , rude staff , the waitresses could care less about anything accept for flirting with bartenders its so bad that the first time we visited , i had a drink and a sundae which was amazing , but gave the girl a $ 100 bill and she came with change for a $ 20 . i had to fight with her until she magically found the $ 100 bill ! ! ! i should have known this was a good indication but because we used to love toby , we tried our reception there . from start to finish it was a mess and we have wrote letters , called , emailed , hand delivered notices and nobody has called us back . finally i called and tried to book a party for 100 people and got a call from jenn in the booking department . i told her it was the only way i could get a call back still ignored ! ! i could go on and on about how rude the staff is and how bad the owners have treated us after we had an unexpected , incorrect bill of $ 400 . 00 that night when we told the waitress in advance not once but 3 different times to cap us off at $ 250 . 00 . not once were we thanked for bringing so many people in that night , or paying the wrong bar tab , but totally and completely ignored . twice the service staff have messed up and nothing has been done . its too bad because this place is exactly what arizona was lacking . too bad they dont care about return business .
1			today	online	postings	multiple	prices	high	postings	online	it	worth no	price	full	it	hard	they	nice no	reviews	bad			i drove all the way across town to try this place , but they would not honor my restaurant . com certificate that i paid money for . that was a month ago , yet they are still selling them online today ! ! ! it ' s fraud . they should consider this policy as it leads to multiple online postings of bad reviews . anyway their prices are high for mexican food . they spent all their time on the phone and ignored us when we went in . we even sat down and nobody even noticed us . we had to get up to fetch our own paper menus . it ' s definitely not worth it at full price . it ' s hard to find . they ' re not nice . that about sums it up . no thanks .
1			walls	thick	christina	worst	place	safe no	complex	worst	apartment	certain	management	horrible	bridget	worst	pools	clean	ana	worst			do not move here ! have had nothing but problems since i moved here in january . i had to find a place online because i was coming from another state so i was recommended to live in a certain apartment from one of the employees . turns out this employee never told me that my apartment was right next to the parking lot and my bedroom window and patio both looked over the parking lot . i could hear cars all day and night and people outside my window all the time . i could hear my neighbor snoring every single night so don ' t count on having thick walls . after a few months of getting no sleep i finally begged management to let me move somewhere else but the only option i was given was to move to another apartment in the same complex for a $ 200 transfer fee . now i live in an apartment that smells like pee . my clothes smell and i have tried to febreez my carpet but that does not work either . management has been horrible through out this entire experience especially christina , ana , and bridget is the ultimate worst . bridget claims she is the assistant manager but i have never been treated with such disrespect before . the pools are never clean either so do not trust the pictures you see . i have already had 3 notices on my door as well as police officers knocking on my door due to burglaries and one child kidnapping so this is definitely not a safe place to live . this apartment complex is the worst i have ever lived in and i am stuck here for another year . take my word for it and find somewhere else to live .
1			treatments	great	someone	new	nothing	bad			i usually have nothing bad to say about this place since the treatments are always so great , but my last visit set me over the edge with their management . very poorly run business . i called to schedule an appointment for my daughter and i for her birthday . we came in at our expected time to find that the guy at the front desk wrote us down for another day . i would have understood that mistakes happen , but it was the fact that he made it seem like it was my fault we were written down for another day . all he needed to do was own up to the mistake made and we would be on our way . what ever happened to the customer is always right ? not at this place . i would suggest getting someone new up at the front desk asap . i would hate for others to have the same experience .
2			place	awful	hatter	mad	cookies	bland	cupcakes	dry	they	amazing			i have never written a review for anything . this place is awful ! the cupcakes are completely dry . the cookies are bland . i have had better treats from 7 11 . try mad hatter . . they ' re amazing . for cookies anywhere just not here !
1			restaurant	worst			i have lived in walking distance of gallaghers for the last 12 years . i have to say that it now wins the award for the worst restaurant in all of cave creek . like most people who live near by , i honestly have to say , i am finally done with them .
2			it	flavorless	bread	fresh	spot	large	fries	nice	exterior	nice	bread	strange	pizzas	ok	it	tart	decor	odd	bag	mixed	service	moderate	it	horrible no			i ' ve been at the parlor several times . slightly odd decor and nice exterior . food is a mixed bag for me . pizzas are ok , sandwiches oddly filled and come on a strange bread that has to be perfectly fresh or the sandwich is ruined and that happened a couple of times . so far the brie burger is my favorite . it is super greazy but goes down pretty well . the fries that come with it are very nice but i don ' t bother with the salad because it tends to be very tart and otherwise flavorless . most of the salads don ' t appeal to me , but i usually do enjoy salads in other places . service is moderate and has improved . used be quite bad . the bar stools are a turn off for me ; barber chairs yuk . this place used to be a hair salon and they kept some of the hair styling furniture and decor . i don ' t like to associate my meals with hair clippings but the thought is forced into my head . please , what are they thinking in that place . i ' m usually there with a group . not my first choice but if someone in the group wants to go then i don ' t fight it too much ; it ' s not horrible . update : so i ended up in this place again , and my experience is not much different this time either . this time i am beginning to notice that the pizza crusts are always burned or the have a large spot or two that is black . today , three of us had pizzas and every one of them has a nearly black rim . is it just me ? ? i like to eat the crust edges , but don ' t like when they are burned that way .
2			chicken	ok	pizza	great	appetizer	ok	pizza	awesome			truly great pizza , truly truly great . the pork belly appetizer and the chicken are just ok , but the pizza is awesome . i got goat cheese and speck , i have been here several times and would recomend the pizza to anybody .
1			seats	comfortable no	interests	believable no	feel	bad	it	worth no	it	hard	thing	sexy no	price	full	interests	gay	anything	special no	dude	big	felt	bad			we paid like $ 50 for two tickets to this show and honestly it wasn ' t even worth that . first , the seats are really , really uncomfortable unless you are a twig . i felt bad because there was this big dude and he had to sit on top of the chairs . secondly , there are poles by where you have to get into your seat so it was hard to even get to the seat . now the show iteslf , yes there are topless girls , but the whole thing was kinda hokey and not very sexy . holly was on for like 5 minutes and they guys that were supposedly supposed to be the girls love interests were clearly gay and not really believable . it really wasn ' t anything special and i feel bad for the people who paid full price . also , if you wanted to meet holly after the show it was $ 100 . what a money hungry you fill in the rest . she should want to meet her fans and i really lost respect for her after that . don ' t waste your time or money on this one .
2			boobs	ginormous	you	disappointed	singing	bad no	it	bad	club	nice	peep	little	it	right	dancing	bad no			i had a buy 1 get 1 coupon so my fiance and i decided to check this show out because of holly . i knew it was going to be bad right from the start when the show started 15 minutes late . i have never been to a vegas show that started late ! and it only lasted about 75 minutes long . there is really not much to say about the show . the singing was not bad but the songs were . the dancing was not bad , but it got boring very quickly . you ' d think there was a theme to the show little bo peep , but there really wasn ' t . and if you think holly was the star , you ' d be greatly disappointed . she was barely there for the first 3 4 of the show . she would come out stood there and then faded away . holly finally was on the stage in the last 15 minutes or so but poor girl can not dance nor act ! ! ! she pranced around and finally removed her top showing her ginormous boobs ! unless you really want to see holly 1 2 naked , otherwise , pick a nice strip club to go instead . you ' ll get more for your bucks there .
1			assumptions	correct no	service	good	assumptions	bad			incorrect assumptions are bad , good customer service assumes the customer knows what kind of insurance they have .
2			scallops	amazing	air	cold	code	amazing	gras	incredible	fatty	chewy	tartare	incredible	eye	fatty	eye	nice	it	amazing			we went here last year and it was amazing ! this year not so much . we arrived at our reservation early & we asked if we could be seated early & if not , we would go to the casino & gamble . the hostess said that it would be one minute . well , 45 minutes later , we were seated . once we were able to sit , we were placed in a booth directly under a vent spewing ice cold air . we ordered a cocktail 10 minutes later and waited , waited , waited , 35 minutes later , i noticed other tables that were seated after us were already finishing their drinks . i asked our server , they apologized & 35 minutes later , we got our drinks . we ordered 3 appetizers , but only 2 arrived . the tuna tartare was incredible and the scallops with foie gras was amazing . my wife ordered the mustard black code was amazing and i ordered the cowboy rib eye , topped with foie gras . the seared gras was incredible , but the rib eye was fatty . not the mouth watering fatty that a nice rib eye is known for which i was craving , but chewy fatty . i had to spit out about 5 bites , because i couldn ' t chew through the fat . pretty gross . this was a mix of 5 stars & negative 1 stars . since we had an amazing time last year , i was sooooo looking forward to this meal , which became a nightmare .
2			raspberries	fresh	dinner	proper	it	strong	concoction	delicious	it	offensive	selection	large no	it	interesting	mixture	refreshing	mixologist	awesome			jeff , the bartender at sage that helped us , is a pretty awesome mixologist . he isn ' t afraid to just hear an ingredient and make up a delicious concoction for you to try . he knows his ins and outs of liquor flavors , mixers , fruits , and all that jazz . when misti y and i stopped by she was able to sample a most refreshing mixture that contained canton , fresh muddled raspberries , and ginger beer among other ingredients . i myself had the tea rose cocktail . this is made with tea vodka , rose water , st . germain , and is garnished with roasted pine nuts . it ' s as interesting as it sounds and while i don ' t think the flavor is for everyone i also don ' t think it was so offensive or strong that you couldn ' t drink it if you had to . misti and i also shared a tuna crudo and cheese plate for snacks , both of which i really enjoyed . the cheese plate had 4 varieties on it i believe and it wasn ' t an overwhelmingly large selection so if you ' re sharing between more than 2 people you may want more than one plate . overall though i can see why sage is such a hit for yelpers . i ' d love to come back and try proper dinner and more cocktails the next time i ' m in town .
2			flavors	amazing	you	lucky	palette	spoiled	surprise	incredible	tastes	diverse	flavors	vibrant	flavors	perfect	waiter	fun	waiter	awesome			wow . unexpected , incredible surprise . food was amazing , every course absolutely perfect with diverse tastes and vibrant flavors . i have a spoiled palette and i will have trouble going anywhere else in las vegas . foodies , try sage , stat ! also , our waiter , bond , julian bond was awesome and very fun . if you are lucky enough to get him , let him order for you . we were blown away .
1			it	like	it	horrible	it	amazing	reviews	bad			i was in vegas in the summer of 2011 and went to the aria buffet many times because it was amazing . they just recently remodeled and it is half the size it used to be . the food was sitting around for a while and had no taste at all . i was very dissapointed . almost $ 50 nd it was horrible i would recomend caesars buffet it is like what aria used to be . i really hate writing bad reviews , but aria really dropped the ball
1			service	poor	breakfast	worst			some of the worst breakfast combined with poor service has made me avoid this place for the rest of my life .
1			service	horrible			horrible customer service . most of the staff have no knowledge of what they sell .
1			phone	new	felt	horrible	one	new	customer	worst			worst customer service . i have a iphone 5 that ' s been recalled because of the sleep power button . i finished working across the street around 9 : 30 am so i figured i ' d just come by and see if they would give me a new one quickly . i walk into the store . walked over to the genius bar area and noticed a women working there with a red ipad . a guy that works there came up to me and asked what i was needing and i told him . he then said okay talk to the girl with the red ipad . she will take care of you . i was standing next to her when another customer , a woman walked in and walked right up to her . she was assisting another customer . she told the customer to get in line behind her . once she was finished assisting the customer i walked a bit closer and she just ignored me and greeted the women who just walked in . maybe because i wasn ' t directly behind the previous customer , in line ? ! ? ? ? i just walked out . such a shame , i don ' t have time during my day to schedule a appointment with the genius bar . i just need a new phone , mine is recalled . pretty simple . but fuck it . i just left . it felt pretty horrible to just be ignored like i was today .
1			serving	huge	attitude	bad			stopped in this morning to get breakfast for my team and got a huge serving of bad attitude from the staff . this is the first and last time i ' ll set foot in this place . i ' ll go up the street to einstein ' s where i can get food without the ' tude .
1			i	certain no	colon	hate	nightmare	greasy	boasting	sad	damage	horrific	talk	small	eagle	giant	service	bad			if you hate your colon , and want to do horrific damage to it , you should consider this place . i ' m not certain , but i believe there was a meal deal called the ' impacted intestine ' . the boasting of a ' toppings bar ' are kind of sad , since lettuce was the featured topping . the burgers are f ' ing as big as you want them to be , and i think they get them in a box from giant eagle . the service was bad , but i can only hope they spit in my food to give this greasy nightmare a hint of taste . you can trust me on this , if you look them in the eye at any point , they will spit in your food . pray that you don ' t make small talk . also , completely dead while every other restaurant was packed . probably should have been the first red flag .
1			food	alright	service	horrible	it	horrible	service	bad	reviews	bad			i do not like writting bad reviews but the service was so bad . takes fore ever to get your order placed and fill and just horrible customer service . the food was alright thats why the 2 stars if it was horrible i would have gave it a 1 star . i would pass this place up and try another pho place near spring mountian .
1			service	horrible	order	correct	attitude	bad			horrible service ! they took my order incorrectly , we returned to pick up the correct order , no apology , no discount for us having to return back to their store a second time and they didn ' t even refund the order that we paid for that was incorrect in the first place ! they have a bad attitude and horrible service ! ! don ' t go here ! there ' s another pho place right down the street in the same parking lot of inn and out and their service is sooooo much better ! ! !
2			spotting	adorable	options	vegan	items	sized	market	common	sandwiches	fresh	spots	favorite	array	good	it	perfect	sandwiches	hefty	scene	ripe	night	late	money	worth	cook	good	dj	awesome			common market is one of my favorite spots in charlotte because it ' s pretty much perfect for every occasion . i ' ve been there late night , for sunday brunch , with my mom , for a birthday , picking up a six pack for a party , grabbing a sandwich for lunch , etc . the sandwiches are fresh and hefty . you definitely get your money ' s worth . breakfast items are also value sized and taste like your mom who is a good cook just whipped it up in her kitchen especially for you . the brunch menu is ever changing , with items like french toast and eggs benedict making appearances . this spot is also my go to for vegetarian and vegan options . wine tastings , a good array of craft beers and consistently awesome dj ' s invite you to kill a few hours on the patio , where the scene is ripe for adorable dog spotting .
1			lines	long	pass	fast	we	disappointed	news	good	news	bad			the good news : you can save $ 10 per ticket by pre purchasing online . the bad news : you will wait one hour for each ride . i took my adult sons here for a day of birthday fun and we were so terribly disappointed . the ride lines were long and so slooooow . everyone was complaining . i just can ' t understand how disney can get this right but no one else seems to be able to . people at wet & wild : hire an efficiency expert to fix this problem . oh yeah , and you need more of those 4 people rafts . half the waiting was because you didn ' t have enough of them . when families spend this kind of money to go to the water park , they want to have fun . not wait . yes , there is a fast pass you can buy for another $ 20 , but i saw those people waiting , too . another nit a bottle of water is $ 3 . 99 . and a double scoop of thrifty ha ice cream cost me $ 5 . 00 . really , truly disappointing . i won ' t be back .
2			service	love	service	great	portions	generous	pancakes	love	food	awesome			awesome food love the protein pancakes and great service . definitely a must go for breakfast . expect to leave full with generous portions . packed on a saturday morning but people were being seated quickly so that ' s good . five stars easy
2			omelettes	best	meat	delicious	i	surprised	reviews	negative	service	exceptional	it	big	side	generous	breakfast	recommend	york	new	it	amazing			i stumbled upon phillip ' s seafood while in the charlotte airport recently , on my way to new york . i had stopped at several other places and nothing appealed to me for breakfast . for the same price i would have paid for a sandwich elsewhere , i got one of the best omelettes i ' ve ever had in my life ! it was very big , and filled with delicious crab meat and cheese ; it was amazing . it also came with a generous side of potatoes and toast . unfortunately i didn ' t have a lot of time , so i had to ask the server bartender to move everything from the plate to a to go box , so there was no time to take a pic but i will seek it out any time i am in the charlotte airport again ! i am surprised at all the negative reviews because the service i received was exceptional , and everyone else there seemed to be enjoying it , too . i highly recommend breakfast at phillip ' s seafood !
2			it	creamy	beef	tasty	clams	good	fries	terrible	it	good	fries	amazing	it	huge	portions	gigantic	beef	tender	it	bad no			appetizers : the garlic butter cheese fries were amazing , just like you might think , and probably terrible for your health . we had the nacho tortilla chips as an appetizer . it was huge , not so much a fan . also tried the clams , which were surprisingly good considering this place is the irish version of hooters . entrees : $ 10 for corned beef and cabbage ? not bad at all ! the cabbage was a little over buttered for my taste , but i thought the corned beef was well cooked , tender and very tasty . tried the fish and chips , and it was not bad . i would stay away from the chicken in cream sauce it is way too creamy . everything is served in gigantic portions , make sure you save half for lunch ! dessert : i got the bailey ' s cheesecake would ' ve preferred the original or oreo , but it was still good .
1			images	crooked	refund	partial	quality	low	images	separate	portion	significant	amount	large	setup	cheap	experience	terrible	taste	bad			terrible experience . our attendant did not seem to know what he was doing . the booth broke down for a large amount of time . when it was working , the images were severely crooked and blurry . approximate downtime 90 minutes 5 hours 300 minutes percentage of time down : 30 % total separate images : 325 blurry images : 106 percentage of total images blurry : 32 % severely crooked images : 213 percentage of severely crooked images : 66 % to be fair , we spoke with customer service after the event . they did refund a significant portion . it took quite a bit of back and forth though to finally come to an agreement . but , again , to be be fair , they did issue a partial refund . however , i guess it ' s still left a bad taste in our mouths since it was our wedding day . i feel like the whole thing could have been prevented . i ' d recommend avoiding them . even if everything works the way it ' s supposed to it ' s a really cheap and crummy setup . it looks like someone got a low quality camera and setup a sheet .
1			item	good	ribs	short	menu	limited	everything	bad			the only good item in the limited menu is the short ribs . everything else is bad to worse . too pricy for the quality and choices , felt like a rip off .
1			quality	poor	service	poor	place	dead	nachos	horrible	experience	bad			a friend and i went to mcfadden ' s before a recent coyote game . the place was dead and i now know why . we were seated out on the patio and waited over 10 minutes before our order was taken . we ordered a beer , a glass of wine and an order of nachos . the nachos arrived after about 20 minutes . our drinks were another 5 minutes after that . the nachos were horrible . we would have ordered another round of drinks , but did not want to wait another half hour . poor service + poor quality food a bad experience . .
1			service	terrible	star	negative	stuff	hot	music	worst	people	disgusting	place	worst			i wish i could give this piece of garbage a negative star but it might be the worst place in arizona . lots of disgusting people who feel you up in the dance floor , terrible service , the worst music . and apparently they think they are hot stuff in glendale arizona . yes , they actually kicked out paying customers for wearing a hat . i didn ' t know we were in gang territory . save yourself the stds and bedbugs . i hope this place burns down .
1			location	great	service	bad			been to this bar 3 times now and every time i have had to correct the wait staff when it came time to pay the check . they have added drinks and food that we didn ' t order all three times . was there this past weekend and they added a drink we didn ' t order . out side of that its a fun place in a great location . 1 star for bad service . keep track of what you order .
1			service	rude	owners	local	they	good	she	rude	lady	young	they	ok	reviews	bad			first , let me say i really hate to give bad reviews . i love to support local business owners . i drove 15 miles to buy cake pops but when i arrived they were out . the young lady working behind the counter could have taken the time to nicely explain why they were out of cake pops , instead she wanted to be rude ! i decided to go ahead and order some cupcakes , they were rated best cupcake by new times so they had to be good , right ? well they were just okay . nothing to brag about . i would have gone back to buy the cake pops but based on the rude service , i will not return .
1			service	bad	service	worst			hands down , consistently , the worst service i ' ve gotten in summerlin for the three years i ' ve lived here . actually it ' s not summerlin . however , the drive through service is so bad . i keep coming back due to lack of options in the area .
2			fresh	fresh	staff	friendly	bomb	awesome			sushi bomb is awesome ! ! fresh fresh fresh ! ! friendly staff ! ! recommend to everyone ! ! ! !
1			food	good	account	new	pasta	bad			i ate here years ago , and unfortunately , they lived up to their name . i see they ' ve changed the name . at the time it was called terribles , which is how it lived up to it ' s name . i ' m not sure why they rebranded and kept the same yelp page . hopefully they didn ' t eep the same recipes it felt like someone took a chuck e cheese , stripped it of the fun and pizza , and gave it bad pasta as a consolation prize . this review won ' t make a lot of sense anymore . when i first reviewed it , it was called terribles . why they didn ' t start a new yelp account , i don ' t know . if it ' s owned and operated by the same people , the reviews won ' t matter at all . if the food is different and good , they ' ve screwed themselves .
1			service	awesome	shrimp	good	tables	full	food	great	plates	finished	experience	bad			awesome service , great food , i always get the crab legs and sushi , the honey walnut shrimp is very good also . get there early for dinner , cause all the tables are full , even during the week . servers very fast the refill your drinks and take away your finished plates . will be coming back again . don ' t know why there are 1 star reviews on here . have never had a bad experience at this buffet .
1			combo	classic	notch	top	service	poor	i	surprised no	waitresses	pleasant no	day	bad	service	bad			the food here is top notch , don ' t know where to find better chicken and waffles . i keep coming back , but there ' s something wrong when i have bad service over half the time . i don ' t know what the deal is , but on more than one occasion we ' ve had unpleasant waiters waitresses . i don ' t ask for much at restaurants , but reflling water or asking for a couple more minutes to look at the menu should not warrant a skank face . maybe the serving staff had a bad day multiple times during the same week eh , who knows . i guess that makes it a legitimate southern experience , but regions don ' t excuse poor service . i suggest going for the classic combo , but don ' t be surprised if things go south from there
1			illegals	working	illegals	hard	car	worst			the worst car wash spot in all az . just brought my brand new x6 to get washed . they managed to scratch the hood with a hand wash . some convict approaches me saying they didn ' t do it and that this happens with hand washes . btw all they employ are ex convicts since they lost their hard working illegals . so i payed extra for a hand wash for these pricks to scratch my hood ? ? ? ? beware do not go here ! ! ! ! ! ! !
2			act	funny	seats	hot no	seats	friendly	it	cool	it	like	shows	cheesy	seats	fat	way	interesting	show	great	theater	comfortable	juggling	amazing			i wasn ' t sure what to expect when i got there as i have been to some pretty cheesy shows in vegas . the tickets were reasonably priced and the theater was comfortable . the seats are fat friendly and it ' s cool not hot ! the first act was hella funny and did some amazing juggling and balancing tricks . very entertaining . the burlesque was an interesting way to break up the show i liked it . 2nd and 3rd acts were hiarious too ! overall great show ! i laughed so hard i had tears rolling down my face ! this is definitely a must see ! !
2			service	excellent	ham	best	slaw	awesome			yum ! i had the best ham and cheese sandwich here for lunch with this totally awesome jalapeno cole slaw . i can ' t wait to go back to try the rest of the menu which looked a lot better than most sports bars ' menus . service was excellent too .
2			parking	great	picks	usual	service	awesome			i didn ' t realize i had been to this place so many times . i have never had a problem and i appreciate that they have other types of dressing for their salads than the usual asian picks . sushi awesome service great parking great i ' ll go back
2			dates	stuffed	dates	amazing			was told by friends to try barcelona tapas & bar and i owe them one . matt was are server and i just said to him bring us what you do well and the treats just kept coming . stuffed dates are amazing . go and enjoy .
1			mix	good no	attitude	bad			i dont mind fresh and hot but when you have to wait 15 minutes to order and another 15 minutes to receive the order plus bad attitude . not a good mix try two cashiers when you got 4 people or more in one line that would cut the first 15 minutes
1			fedex	old	fedex	good	company	worst			if i could i would give this company no stars . they have delivered my package at a different location . they are claiming that the package was delivered to my house . now , i have to fight to get my return back . i have called them three times and the driver does not have the decency to even come back and fix his mistake . worst company ever . do not ship with them . use good old fedex and ups .
1			socket	light	it	worth	idea	bad			worst experience at a salon ever . i got burnt during the wash and during the blowout . i should have known this was a bad idea when i walked in . as soon as i sat down i heard the music turn way up and all these shreeks followed by omg , its friiday ! ! friday dance partaay ! ! ! all the instructors started dancing instead of watching students coloring hair or helping any of the stylists in training whose manikin heads kept falling over and rolling away . during my cut and style i managed to hear my stylist talk bad about each student there and hear about how she almost got sent home that day because someone told on her for something . the cut turned out great so it might have been worth the $ 15 . then she styled me and it took two days to wash out the hairspray and i looked like i had stuck my finger in a light socket . overall i guess it is worth the money . next time i will just hit up bjs for happy hour to deal with the burns and mindless chatter of the stylists in training .
1			shakes	amazing	service	friendly	guy	big no	they	fantastic	guys	good	place	love	variety	wide	shakes	large	smashburger	good	potato	sweet	salads	like	burger	great	service	fast	menu	great	potato	regular	guys	bad			okay , i am not a big burger guy but i love this place . my favorite is the frenchie turkey burger but i ' ve tried several of their hamburgers and they were all fantastic . you can choose fries regular or sweet potato , tater tots , or a variety of other sides . they also have a great beer menu . if you ' re not in the mood for a hamburger they have a wide variety of other menu items , my wife especially likes the salads . they also have amazing milk shakes that are large enough to share . the service is friendly and fast . if you want a great burger in a fun atmosphere with plenty of tvs definitely go here . five guys and smashburger are both really good but bad daddy ' s beats both by far .
2			amount	decent	encounter	bad	ass	tired	the	like	he	aggressive	pizza	sloppy	me	like	orientation	sexual	dough	raw	encounter	sexual	she	fine	pause	long	childrenalso	young	us	nervous	psycho	fucking	man	grown	pizza	worst	criticism	like no	deal	big no	it	late	i	patient	relations	personal	it	flat	i	nice	you	bad no			i have heard the saying that pizza is like sex , even the worst you can have is still not bad . hmmm . sounds like the person that made this up has the palette of a toddler , and well . . if i was to find a sexual encounter equal to my pizza experience at the saucy tomato , i would probably say it would be the encounter that is so bad it makes you switch sexual orientation . pizza came in a decent amount of time i suppose , i take the box to my kitchen and open the box to expose a flat sloppy pizza folded over on one side to fit in the box . sauce was everywhere and i was just in awe . chicago pizza . . is not thin . it looked like the cook had made it from a chef boyarde pizza kit . so i called and the girl that answered told me that if i wanted the chicago style pizza i have to specify that when i order or else it comes the way we received ours . well actually she said , ummm if you want it , like , the other way , you have to like , ask for it . it comes whatever way you got it then . wait , did you want it flat and didn ' t get it or . . like the . . hold on . long ass pause hello ? wait , wait . . what did you order again ? after explaining to her that i had ordered the chicago style initially and received . . something else entirely , she told me that the type of pizza i wanted would take longer , cool whatever ! i am always nice and patient when it comes to my food and the people that handle it , i will wait for what i want no problem . they delivered it in about 15 minutes . the delivery guy demanded to see the pizza we did not want . he then told us there was nothing wrong with the pizza and 99 % of them all look like that . he was wearing an apron and so i am sure he is the one that made it and does not like criticism . how you like me now asshole ? ? he said the fact that the pizza needed to be folded to fit in the box was like a bonus for us , and the sauce splattered all over the crust and pouring out the sides was also extra lucky for us . he was very aggressive and actually made us nervous this creeper knows where we live . he continued to yell at us about the pizza , us being two women with our very young childrenalso at the door , also getting frightened . he then left and i was both relieved he was gone and pissed i over tipped him the first tie he was here . we took the pizza to the kitchen , opened the box , and the pizza was not even halfway cooked . the dough was almost fully raw and the cheese wasn ' t even slightly browned . i put it in the oven , really let the whole situation settle in and decided to not eat the pizza , take the $ 30 loss and eat a bowl of fruit loops . the fact that order was messed up , that happens , it is not a big deal . the fact that the girl was totally unqualified to answer phones and take orders , whatever man she is probably 15 and its her first job so she is fine . but the fact that they sent a grown man twice my size to yell in threatening tone at me and my children is so way out of control i wouldn ' t believe it unless it happened to me . i wanted to call and complain to the store but my friend wouldn ' t let me as this fucking psycho knows were i live and if he couldn ' t take criticism for making a pizza badly imagine criticism about personal relations issues . the whole situation gave me an epiphany about delivery . you never know who the fuck is coming to your house until it is too late . after this experience i will never ever again order delivery food to my home no matter how tired , hung over , late it may be , i will either drive my tired ass to the store , or once again go for a bowl of fruit loops .
1			cheese	rubbery	service	good	sausage	spicy	crust	thin	squares	large	pizza	horrible			if you are looking for chicago style pizza do not go here . the sausage what little there was of it was spicy , the tomato sauce had no taste , the cheese was rubbery . the thin crust was thin but the squares were as large as the plate and you needed a saw to cut through them . if you want chicago style pizza stick with rosati ' s or aurelio ' s . service was good but the pizza was horrible .
2			items	legit	dip	awesome	me	friendly	me	helpful	stuff	awesome			my friends and i have shortened the name of this place to the freasy because we go here so much and get awesome stuff ! ! did you make this awesome cheese dip ? a friend to me why , no , i bought it at the freasy for like a buck ! ! me to my friend dee , diane and sylvia are always friendly and helpful . and they know me by name . try the tomato basil soup , the bbq chicken pizza , the grill packs , and the parfaits , just to name a few of the legit items in this oasis in the desert ! !
1			bread	handmade	buns	horrible	idea	brilliant	bread	decent	afterthought	cheap	meat	handmade	buns	cheap	sauce	sweet	concept	wonderful	rolls	horrible			brilliant idea . put a roasted pig in the window and feed him her to the public . when the meat of this pig is gone , close the shop . all they sell is this pig all day . what a wonderful concept , so simple and soooooooooooooooooo delicious . the taste is more like american style pulled pork bbq , though without the smokiness or bbq sauce . with this , you get sage and onion seasoning sprinkled on it , and perhaps some haggis or sweet apple sauce on top . i live in germany now , and this would be the only place outside of germany in europe that would make me forsake a bratwurst . only caveat the bread was cheap , horrible hamburger buns straight out of the supermarket aisle . yuck ! they need decent bread , something as hearty and heavy to stand up to the pork . some artisan , handmade bread would complement the handmade meat , instead of being a cheap ass afterthought . i deducted 1 star for the horrible bread rolls .
2			hair	long	staff	professional	it	well	look	good	staff	polite	them	recommend	it	love	she	awesome			i ' ve been going to ohana salon for almost a year now , and i love it ! erin is my stylist , and she is awesome ! i moved to phoenix a while ago and was looking for a salon that used aveda i ended up finding a livingsocial deal and tried ohana out . i ' ve been hooked ever since ! erin does great with color i get complements all of the time ! i have long hair , and she cuts it really well it grows out well . i ' ve had difficulty in the past finding a stylist who cuts layers and bangs so they still look good after a few weeks . i ' m extremely happy with erin ! the staff at ohana salon is very professional and polite ! i always enjoy my time there and am scheduled to get a massage and facial with them in a month ! i would recommend them to everyone !
2			place	amazing	donuts	like	selection	awesome	donuts	amazing			this place is amazing ! they close early so get there earlier ! the donuts are amazing and selection is awesome if you get there early enough . it ' s a hole in the wall kinda place and the lines usually leads outside but boy is it worth it . if you like donuts and haven ' t been here , shame on you . they are all cake type donuts and those clearly are the best . i have nothing but compliments for this place so let ' s just save each other some time i ' ll stop writing , you stop reading , just go there . right now . . . why are you still reading ? ! go ! !
2			she	fast	lady	awesome			walked in and i was surprise it was just like a doctor ' s office but there is no window , just a sign on the door that says to wait for someone to get you if you have an appointment . marianne is such an awesome lady . she was fast and sociable and talked me through the whole procedure . i got the braziilain wax . it didn ' t hurt as much as i anticipated and i didn ' t take any tylenol advil before i went . i ' ll definitely be going back .
2			drinks	available	place	love	items	free	filling	super	decor	like	burrito	amazing			i love this place ! man , the chicken machaca burrito i had for lunch today was s c r u m t i o u s ! ! omg so good and super filling . we go here all the time , especially on the weekends . their breakfast burrito is amazing . i really like the decor it ' s mod and minimalist , without being over the top . also they have alot of gf gluten free menu items , which is a + . and they have their signature lemonade drinks available with stevia . ++
1			it	bad	part	best	it	awful	burrito	worst			called in about 10 : 00 am for a breakfast burrito , and now at 5 : 00pm , i am still regretting it ! it was the worst burrito ever ! i also got one for my son , and he agreed it was awful , he said it best , the best part of the burrito , was the end of it ! since i was not able to finish my mine , because it was so bad , . i never did get to the best part ! what a disappointment . save your $ $ and your stomach the pain .
2			beans	bland	hock	giant	rice	bland	burger	terrific	treats	adventurous	bun	dense	bar	great	thing	fantastic	location	awesome			i didn ' t really get it . i was expecting more island style food , or more adventurous treats . * bar was great . * tuna poke thing was fantastic . * cajun burger was terrific , but the bun was too dense and troublesome . * chicken cocoajoe was a bust . chicken a little dry and under seasoned , rice and beans were bland needs a giant ham hock and about 3 more days . the plaintain was overflavored , but underseasoned they don ' t neem much more than salt and time . awesome location . menu will expand i am sure . repaint the bathroom please .
2			music	live	place	love	music	great	walk	short	tacos	new	food	awesome			we ' ve been stopping here ever since they opened . we love this place and since it ' s a short walk from home , it ' s a winner to us ! the food is awesome , service is so so at times , but hey , it ' s a pub ! stop in on the weekends and listen to some great live music . . a must for st patty ' s day ! don ' t forget to try the new $ 1 . 00 street tacos . . the steak are my favorite . . mmmm yum :
1			beer	good	food	worst			good beer but the worst bar food i ever have , especially the wings .
2			table	wrong	improvement	little	food	decent	way	long	place	worst no	drinks	bad no			this isn ' t the worst place i ' ve been to , but was a long way from being a 5 star . the plus side was the cost of food and drinks . the drinks weren ' t bad . the food could use a little improvement but still was decent . this was my first time to da and i can truly say i will never return . the staff seemed to lack communication and training . 1 we had a party and an area was supposed to be reserved for the group . waiters sat people in our area . 2 we waited thirty minutes for our drinks . i waited another twenty minutes for another drink which i was informed was taken to the wrong table . the replacement was brought out in two minutes . 3 food that was brought out by a helping waitress had no clue who or what table to take it to . if this place would work on its training i might consider coming back .
1			i	suspicious	air	warm	hose	new	mechanic	dishonest	work	additional	repair	false	repair	minor	repair	necessary no	hose	necessary	work	necessary	compressor	bad			upon recommendation from an employee at jiffy lube , i took my car to newby ' s automotive and atv center in henderson to fix an ongoing problem with my air conditioner . basically , the ac would start blowing warm air after a few days following a refill of the unit . the manager indicated that my car had a bad compressor which needed replacement along with a new hose , freon and other services that would cost me $ 1500 in addition to the nonrefundable $ 24 . 95 i had to pay for them just to look at the car . i was immediately suspicious of the quote and took my car to carmax instead who informed that only a new hose was necessary and charged me $ 50 to perform the repair . the problem was solved with this relatively minor repair and no additional work has been necessary this review is being written about ten months after the carmax fix was performed and i have experienced no problems with the repair . newby ' s tried to charge me more than $ 1500 for a false repair that wasn ' t even necessary . i wouldn ' t be the first person to deal with a dishonest mechanic but i know that i ' m one of the few who bothers to warn others . stay away from this place .
2			it	enjoyable	seats	love	ish	clean	seats	awesome			fantastic ! seats were awesome and the bathrooms were clean ish . didn ' t use the concessions . love love love the reclining seats . made it so much more enjoyable !
1			customers	potential	someone	worth no	place	horrible	inconsiderate	rude	inconsiderate	aggressive	feel	bad			this place is horrible ! ! ! ! ! the staff is everything you hope a staff would not be think aggressive , rude , inconsiderate ! i wish cassandra o . hadn ' t given them a 5 star rating , cause it severely skews what they deserve but please take her review for only what it describes the food ! i drive all the way to 24 hour fitness just so i don ' t have to deal with these people . mind you i live less than a block away from la fitness & i drive 10miles to work out at 24 i think that really says something . if i could give them a zero star rating i would . its not even worth trying a week free if thats what someone is thinking . management should really read the things we write and consider some layoffs . ps the assessment employee took my body fat % when i first arrived before i had even decided to sign up and admitted to me that they tell potential customers their body fat % is higher about 10 % just to make them feel bad about themselves so they will sign up beware !
1			right	obvious	account	open	discount	corporate	mo	additional	business	bad			joined this gym early last year with my corporate discount . also signed up for the kids club . decided late last year to freeze my membership since i would be travelling for work . was informed that there would be a $ 10 mo fee to hold the account open and that i couldn ' t use the facility . no problem . fast forward 6 months . realized that on top of the $ 10 mo that i was also being charged an additional $ 10 mo for the kids club . called the place to inquire about a refund on the kids club fee , since clearly if my membership was frozen i would have no need for the childcare services . obvious right ? not so much . manager informed me that at the time that i froze the membership i should have also requested the kids club frozen as well . how would i have known that i needed to do this ? the la fitness rep i spoke with certainly didnt suggest it at any time during our conversation . my understanding was that if my membership was frozen that any supplemental services provided by the gym would also freeze . instead the area manager offered to meet me halfway and refund 3 months of charges . unacceptable . he eventually agreed to refund 4 months of charges all while saying that that was more than what we usually do . i cancelled my membership because this reeks of bad business .
2			options	expensive	cup	wonderful	side	bland	eggs	deviled	size	generous	it	amazing no	corn	sweet	it	weird	cheese	melted	macaroni	bland	goat	soft	layout	odd	food	homey	waitstaff	attentive	food	old	ragu	good no	cheese	incredible	cup	little	you	welcome	it	bad no			plusses plenty of parking : fran ' s is located in the same strip mall with run for your life and fiamma , which means there ' s parking galore . attentive waitstaff : fran herself came over to chat with us and brought crayons for the 2 year old at our table ecclectic homey food : bacon wrapped tator tots ? fried sweet corn with goat cheese ranch dressing ? meatballs with gooey melted cheese ? don ' t mind if i do . generous portion size : i like to eat , as does everyone i was with , and we were stuffed after our meal . price : reasonable , especially considering portion size . the seafood options are a bit more expensive , but that ' s to be expected . minusses odd table layout : the front room holds ~10 tables and bar seating , but as you head to the bathroom in the back , there are tables along the hallway and oddly placed near the kitchen pickup window menu confusion : reading the menu , i just want to exclaim what is this place ? deviled eggs , nicoise salad , eggplant parmesan , buffalo fried chicken sandwich , and mussels three ways : traditional , curry coconut , or beer bacon all co habitate on the menu . on one hand , that might mean everyone can find something they like . on the other hand , it ' s just weird . what does fran ' s want to be when it grows up ? food quality & flavors : it ' s not bad , but it ' s not amazing either . the macaroni & cheese side was bland , the lamb ragu was not as good as it had been talked up to be , the chicken milanese was just so so . however , the goat cheese was incredible ; the goat cheese ranch dressing is a wonderful little cup of surprise dunk all the way to the bottom , and you ' ll be rewarded with chunks of soft goat cheese . you ' re welcome and the goat cheese salad that came with the chicken milanese was my favorite of the whole meal . moral of the story : if it has goat cheese , get it .
2			chef	new	chef	original	foods	awesome	guys	awesome			i want the original chef who went to la to come back and make the awesome foods . never mind guys , the new chef ' s dishes were awesome too !
1			minutes	good	night	busy	you	love	experience	bad			so disappointed . so i went to pt ' s place on 05 22 10 after having a bad experience at pt ' s pub on sahara . we literally left sahara and came to this location . we have been here before and never had a problem . this night was busy , but i mean not anything that a bartender can ' t handle . we sat there for i don ' t know how long without any recognition , the bartend came to our side of the bar and never asked us if we needed anything even though there was 4 of us and 1 soda in front of us that didn ' t even belong there . after a good 10 or so minutes , probably longer , we decided to leave . strike 2 pt ' s we used to love you .
2			flavor	great	dog	hot	dog	love	it	awesome			i loved my hot dog , it was awesome with a great flavor . the only reason i give it a 4 star is the onion rings were watery and obviously frozen .
2			place	love	notch	top	everything	amazing			love this place ! everything is amazing , and the service is top notch !
2			location	amazing	food	ok	location	awesome			location is awesome for people watching if you sit along the elevated glass railing overlooking the strip . my wife and i sat outside but near the inside of the restaurant . i was not impressed with the food but the location was amazing . the food was just ok i thought by the restaurant sitting on the sidewalk on the strip in front of the miracle mall i expected more . i did like the mist sprays to cool the air .
2			margaritas	good	server	suck	me	sick	server	awesome	food	awesome			went here twice on our three day stay . margaritas were good but i think they made me sick : food was awesome ! ordered the breakfast burrito with chorizo the first day and the breakfast nachos the second day . our female server was awesome the first day and our second day male server sucked ! shouldn ' t have to ask for water three times to start the experience off ! ! luck of the draw i guess ?
2			clubs	hotter	line	general	they	organized no	clubs	many	club	good	writing	close no	line	short	bouncers	rude	form	worst	itself	bad no			this review is for the rude douche bag bouncers at haze . if i could give it a 10 i would . in fact i decided to sign up for a yelp account just for this . anyway , from what i heard the club itself is actually not bad , but i wouldn ' t know since i didn ' t get to go in and see for myself . i was with a group of my girls and one of them brought their bf . the moment he showed his id they asked him for his zodiac sign . wtf . not everyone knows or follow that stuff . so then the bouncer calls his manager and asks him to look at the id . the bouncer told him that he ' d seen the same id pass through earlier already . again , wtf ! ! are you kidding me ? they asked our friend to sign his signature like a couple times and kept rejecting it saying that his hand writing was not even close compared to what he had on his id . finally we got tired of all the bs and most of my friends just left . i , on the other hand still tried to get in because i was supposed to meet my cousin . so i spoke to the manager and he let me and my bff get in line . thinking it was for the vip guest list , i decided to give them the benefit of the doubt . well 20 mins . passed and still waiting in line , i decided to ask what the matter was . turns out we still had to pay cover ! after realizing this , we finally decided to jet ! another thing about that club is that they are so unorganized ! they had like 5 different lines all going on at once . aside from the short line we were in the reason why i thought it was guest list , there was another general line waiting to go in . oh and the promoters up front kept running around like crazy . like they had the worst form of communication . all in all it was just so ridiculous and such a hassle . they think their club is too good , well if you keep treating people that way no one would want to go there . there are so many hotter clubs in vegas . puhleeaze !
1			line	organized no	club	awful	weekend	memorial	nightclub	worst			most awful club i ' ve ever been too , stood in a super unorganized line over memorial day weekend for an hour and we had pre purchased tickets and they gave us a guest list pass that everyone had and still didn ' t just get to walk in . never again this is the worst nightclub ever .
2			owners	awesome			nails broke off in 3 days . sucks because the previous owners were way awesome and oh so talented
2			what	like	satay	overcooked	it	simple	satay	dry	things	good	tastes	good	restaurant	cheap	satay	tough	it	bad no			recently moved from washington state and decided to go here with my mom . we heard good things , so what the hell . it couldn ' t be too bad , right ? well we kept it simple and only ordered a few appetizers : fried egg rolls and chicken satay . the egg rolls reminded me of what i would find in a cheap chinese restaurant and the chicken satay was dry , tough , and overcooked . i can only assume that people around here must not know what good thai food tastes like . we won ' t be back .
1			customer	pleasant	i	disgusted	hair	long	customer	upset	service	horrible	rice	good	hair	light	matter	silly	way	professional no	plate	new	experience	horrible			had a horrible experience my very first time eating at this restaurant . to start off , we weren ' t offered drinks the first time the waitress visited us . i noticed there were no condiments at the table such as salt and pepper shakers , and in order to receive them we had to flag down the waitress and actually get out of the booth just to get soy sauce . i admit the food that i ordered chicken fried rice was good but after eating it , i found a light hair in my food . it was actually in my mouth and i had to grossly pull it out . none of us at the table had light hair we all had black hair or dark hair . i notified the waitress about the hair and and she offered to get me a new plate of the same dish but honestly i was so disgusted that i didn ' t want the dish . i asked if we could get the dish taken off the bill and at first the waitress said yes , but then the manager came to our table and had the nerve to say that the hair didn ' t come from their employees , and insinuated that the hair came from us . i told her that i wasn ' t going to pay for something that had a long hair in the food . she still refused to take the meal off the tab which by the way was only $ 9 and instead offered us a promotional punch card that would ' ve required us to dine in five times before receiving a $ 20 gift card of some sort . but i had no intention of coming back to dine there and told her that . she then said that there was nothing else she could do , and wouldn ' t be giving me back the money that i had paid for the plate with the hair in it . she then said that it was the owner who refused to comp the meal . i had asked to speak to him but apparently it was over the phone , and he wasn ' t actually in the restaurant . after going back and forth she then unwillingly took 20 % off the bill . i was still unsatisfied with this offer but finally decided to take it because i knew it wasn ' t going to go anywhere and was fed up with arguing over a silly matter that could have been handled very easily . we then asked for the check to be split as we gave them the money and it took over 10 minutes before we even received our money back . and on top of that , i was supposed to receive $ 11 . 60 back as my change and instead only got back $ 10 . i work in the restaurant industry as well as a server , and always try to be a pleasant customer , but i do know that when a customer is upset with something you ' re supposed to accommodate their needs . needless to say i will never come back to this restaurant . service was horrible and the way they handle situations is very unprofessional .
1			piece	big	waitress	poor	lady	hungry	i	excited	shell	hard	piece	nice	restaurant	worst			i always give all the stars . this one is not going to happen . i ' m not a critic , i ' m just a hungry lady . this place is an abortion of cajun cuisine . my guy & i stopped in after antiquing nearby . we were ravenous & we adore cajun food . i was so excited to have a place in town to get nourished with my favorites . we were seated & served some drinks after a spell . there was only one poor waitress from ak there & she had 5 tables . she came to take our order . . . . then we waited . turned another decade older , then our food came . i ' m from tenn & have lived in la . this chow wasn ' t fit for a pow . my gumbo had formed a hard shell on the top . so i asked the waitress if it comes from the oven . she explained that it came from a pot . no kidding so my inner colombo deduces that it sat under a heat lamp . if you buy the gumbo & select shrimp , you get 3 of them . oh boy , for $ 11 $ 12 . 99 you can get 3 shrimp on top of a heat lamp ed dish of gumbo , id rather stay home & eat zatarains . plus i found a nice big piece of bacon in my gumbo . now if they use that to make a roux , that ' s forgivable , but even then its to be crumbled . worst restaurant in vegas .
1			plus	nice	service	bad			have to say this location totally dropped the ball on launch day of the iphone 6 . stood in line for 7 hours and never once did any of the employees follow apples policy on this launch day . they said their system was down but never once did they come out with the cards needless to say i didn ' t get my iphone 6 plus would of been nice to know this maybe after an hour after open not 6 hours later . i will never show up for a launch day at this location ever again . ive never seen customer service this bad especially at apple . if i didn ' t hate android so much this would ' ve been my breaking point . for now ill just drive a little farther and visit another store in the valley .
1			she	suck	service	terrible	demeanor	horrible			absolutely terrible customer service at this location . the front end manager has a horrible demeanor . she will suck the life right out of your morning by overcharging you . every time we use this location the work is shotty and we have to have the car go through the line again
2			store	good	it	amazing	drive	great	store	separate	wallpaper	amazing	cream	prickly	currency	foreign	currency	amazing			they are known for burgers and chili . one of the hamburgers has both , the killer . $ 1 bill wallpaper and some foreign currency , it ' s amazing to see . the prickly pear ice cream is good too separate store . the scenic drive is great too . the apache trail .
2			tuna	wonderful	evening	enjoyable	service	friendly	food	favorite	type	great	spices	subtle	tastes	wonderful	service	warm	tastes	many	veggies	wonderful	combinations	awesome			on a business trip in wi and wanted to try something different for supper . i definitely found a great type of food that i have managed to miss until now . korean food may replace thai as my favorite asian food . i had the kimchi jjigae which is a kind of cabbage stew with onions and lots of other wonderful veggies . i had the tuna but could have chosen pork . the tuna was wonderful and the soup brought together so many wonderful tastes and textures that i will definitely be searching for korean food when i get back home ! i began the meal with an order of spring rolls which were crispy as few restaurants can accomplish . service could not have been better . if you are in middleton , wi and looking for some awesome combinations of subtle spices , warm and friendly service and an enjoyable evening , you should definitely try this place !
1			base	cold	tastes	horrible			does buzzberry not use espresso shots in their iced lattes anymore ? i ordered an iced latte , and they didn ' t use any espresso shots , but a cold premixed coffee base . it tastes horrible !
1			appetizers	good	spot	perfect	place	nice	mess	complete	we	excited	spinach	creamed	ones	medium	service	poor	sides	cold	restaurant	packed no	business	successful	!?!	longer	restaurant	empty	cocktails	like	employees	horrible			is no stars an option on this thing ? ? ? the place was really nice and you ' d think it would be the perfect spot for 5 women for a great time and dinner . to our surprise , it was just a complete mess . mind you , our reservations were at 9 : 45p and the restaurant wasn ' t even packed . the waiter greeted us and took our cocktail order . once those were served , he came back and took our appetizer and meal order . we liked the cocktails and after a 15 mins , the appetizers came out and we were so excited for our meal to come . we ordered the ceviche ehhh ! , foie gras delicious ! , salmon carpaccio good ! , crab cakes yum ! and one more dish obviously forgot wasn ' t that great ! our dinner order consisted of 5 petit filets 1 well done and 4 medium and the following for sides : mac and cheese , asparagus , creamed spinach . we waited for over 45 mins for the dinner meal after they cleared our appetizer plates . when we called on our waiter about the dinner he said , well , what do you expect on a saturday night ! the restaurant was half empty , seriously ! it ' s now , 11pm finally , the meal came at 11 : 15pm . all the sides were cold and the only filet cooked correctly was the well done filet . the 4 medium ones were done rare . we called on the manager and he apologized for the meal and was going to put in another order for us why so we can wait longer ! ? ! i don ' t think so . after talking to him we just decided we aren ' t staying anymore poor service , horrible employees and aside from a few good appetizers , this place needs a reailty check on how to run a successful restaurant business . not recommended and suggest that you don ' t visit there either . sorry , eva , i ' m not a fan ! ! !
2			place	dead	atmosphere	beautiful	it	amazing			beautiful atmosphere and that ' s about it ! reservation was at 8pm . first round of drinks took 40 minutes and the place was dead ! my girlfriend already did a yelp review on this place and i am pretty sure she covered everything ! i am mostly dissapointed that a manager never came to the table to apologize or acknowledge all the issues we had that night . super pricey for a super let down ! we thought that with eva longoria ' s name behind this restaurant , it would have been amazing , but it was far from it ! : n wonder we were able to get reservations so easily !
2			location	great	it	noisy	view	awesome	location	awesome			my girlfriend and i have been going here for about 2 years now . the last two times here the service and food have gone downhill . great location and view is awesome . i guess they are leaning on that for your dining experience . i ordered the fajitas last visit and this time i tried the enchiladas , fajitas had no flavor and the enchiladas tasted like the microwave variety . sorry to see this place go downhill . hope they fix the problems . also it ' s extremely noisy with the band playing . i figured the band was on the weekend but it seems every night . maybe if they got rid of the band and concentrated back on the food i would go back ! no offense nobody wants trumpets blowing off in their ears when you are trying to eat !
1			room	new	hotel	worst			don ' t stay here . our shower in our room had mold all over the ceiling . they couldnt put me in a new room or even lower my bill . hotels in the area were all booked so i couldnt go anywhere else . carpets were stained bad . some lights worked in the room . the ac wall unit was falling apart . worst hotel to stay at .
2			price	reasonable	i	lucky	promptness	excellent	service	recommend	side	good no	demand	popular	i	stupid	service	professional	service	knowledgeable	service	amazing			this was an amazing service . i was very stupid and got my car locked while running and me not on the good side of the door . i called this number and spoke with bill lehr , the owner , and received a knowledgeable and professional customer service on the phone . the promptness of this service was excellent , though i might have been lucky because i can see this man being in popular demand . from finding out i was locked out to driving away in my opened car , 25 min . price was more reasonable than i expected for such service , and was delivered professionally and promptly . i ' ve made copies of his card to keep in all the places i ' ll have access to when i get locked out of something again . i recommend this service to all readers .
2			you	fine	place	bad no			i paid $ 16 for a haircut . i got a $ 16 haircut . no appointments , walk in and put your name on a list . they have not mastered the art of the scissors cut for men . and don ' t expect any eye candy . if you don ' t want to pay much for a haircut and are fine with someone running a clippers through your hair , then this isn ' t a bad place .
1			range	wide	dog	bad			not bad for right down the street to where i live , but not great in the scheme of things . i had never had a dog before so when i got one i had a lot of questions . i asked the vet there what kind of food my dog should be eatting and all she could tell me was a quality one , like the one we offer here . she also told me my dog was very badly behaved . which would be differnt if she actually was a bad dog but number one i had just gotten her from the humane society and was just learning to work with her and number two the context in which she was telling me this was when they were trying to take her temp analy and all my dog was doing was moving around , no barking no biting and no jumping . just because she wouldn ' t sit still to get something up her butt makes her a bad dog ? if you can get passed all that , they are prety cheep , and have a wide range of availability . they also did successfully get my dog healthy after i adopted her she had three different kinds of worms and couldn ' t keep down food .
1			%	dead	foods	expensive	kids	worthless	manner	timely	foods	wonderful	drive	wonderful	tomatoes	ripe	feel	inclined	you	suck	produce	good	items	exotic	part	worst			just awful . i have been shopping at this location for the last two years and without fail once a week , i have to go to another grocery store to find the item copps didn ' t stock and it ' s not like i ' m shopping for exotic items . this week they didn ' t have arugula or blueberries . last week they were out of cabbage . the week before that , there was no flatbread . it goes on and on . the produce is stocked at all times of the day , so if you are shopping at 11am you are bound to get your cart stuck trying to get around someone . additionally , the produce is never good . have you tried to buy a red or vidalia onion from this location ? they are *always* rotten . we found bread covered in mold in the bulk section the expiration date was two weeks prior . ditto in the dairy section make sure you check the dates of every single thing you purchase because this location is notorious for their problems with stocking and freshness . once in awhile you get a checker who actually looks up and smiles and greets you but the kids bagging are just worthless . i ' ve had to trek back outside to find a cart because they are never returned in a timely manner on the weekends . i give the bagger three recycled bags and they put 30 pounds of groceries into one bag and hand me the leftover bags . seriously ? ! i re bag every single thing , every single time . yesterday ' s fun find : the genius bag boy put ripe tomatoes at the bottom of the bag and i didn ' t catch it when i re bagged . three of the five vine tomatoes split . what else ? seriously i could go on and on . the worst part for anyone that lives on this side of town is that copps is quite literally the only grocery store . i ' ve been venturing out to whole foods , which is wonderful but expensive and a twenty minute drive . but when it comes to fish , you couldn ' t pay me to buy from copps . take a look at their mussels and oysters if you feel inclined 95 % of them are dead . and forget about finding something exotic like falafal mix or tahini . copps , you suck .
1			system	online	person	surprised	exam	simple	cards	new	experience	bad			i had a really bad experience here where i was grilled about my health insurance when trying to get a simple eye exam . my insurance company does not print new cards each year , and since my card had last year ' s printed date on it i was almost refused service by the person at the front desk . i had to call my insurance company myself and put them on the phone with the front desk person in order to verify that my insurance was current . it is frankly not the customer ' s job to verify their insurance , and even the insurance person i called was surprised and mentioned that they have an online system for businesses to verify coverage online . the excuse i was given is that lately they have given eye exams to people who did not have current insurance coverage . as i stated before , this is not my problem as a customer and most other places simply verify coverage themselves before providing services . i would have just left but i made the appointment ahead of time and didn ' t want to bother rescheduling . i will certainty never come back since i was treated extremely rudely .
1			staff	nice	i	positive	case	bad			visit 10 21 10 27 . very disappointed in housekeeping . instead of everyday cleaning , the cleaning was very intermittent . i think 3 of my six nights there the room was cleaned . however i ' m positive that the sheets pillowcases were never changed because of their go green policy . got in elevator on sat . night and slipped on laundry soap someone had spilled on the floor of elevator . upon returning home i noticed bed bug bites from my ankles to my shoulders , and a puss filled spider bite on my stomach as well as a bad case of strep throat . front desk staff were nice and took care of laundry soap spill in elevator i slipped in .
2			rice	great	music	live	peppers	delicious	it	spicy no	wine	great	favorite	personal	atmosphere	great	them	love	it	tasty	paninni	prime	it	loud no	rib	prime	food	awesome			the atmosphere is great ! we had great wine and awesome food ! my girlfriend and i went on a saturday night and enjoyed the live music two guys playing guitar classic all american rock n roll ! it wasn ' t too loud . we sat right next to them and could still hear our conversation . the food : we had crocodile pot stickers , jalape u00f1o rabbit and prime rib paninni . i ' d pass on the pot stickers next time as they were fried i prefer steamed but my girlfriend loved them . the jalape u00f1o rabbit is a must have ! it is not spicy at all . tastes like chicken ! the jasmine rice it was served with was also great . the prime rib paninni was my personal favorite ! the bread was toasted just right and the prime rib reminded me of a french dip sandwich . it had delicious red peppers on it and was very tasty ! we ' ll be back again and are really happy it ' s in the neighborhood .
1			it	recommend	states	many	service	great	seems	cheap	restaurant	good	steak	juicy	food	love	foods	ok	paella	expensive	one	little	what	hate	plates	small	steak	good	taste	bad			vegas is sure enough , already pricey , and what i hate is it ' s all about the looks and not exactly the food . i love houston food , yet has any place been able to compare with houston food for me or bigger than that texas , but then again i haven ' t traveled to many states . julian serrano was an exception though , although i hated that the paella was pretty expensive and the shrinp lobster wasn ' t shelled out already , customwer service was great food was finally something better , more on your busdget but remember small plates . . so in a way it seems cheap , but the plates are really small , unless you don ' t have an appetite this would be a good budget restaurant the steak was really good and juicy . i recommend it , because unlike other restaurants in vegas , this was one little one that served better foods than most restaurants in my opinion , although no foodss taste bad , some foods were okay , of course .
2			half	awesome	pizzas	tasty	tasty	unique	tasty	amazing			amazing , unique , tasty pizzas and awesome happy hour half 0ff drinks and appetizers
2			combo	great	tablets	cool	dip	guac	cake	melted	rolls	amazing			ome of my all time fav spots ! ! for some reason this thing is not lettong me add pictures but that wo t stop me . so to start we ordered the southwest egg rolls which were amazing with the guac ranch dip . for my entree i had the trio fajiyas chicken steak amd shrimp since i couldnt decide which one . . the combo of veggirs and sauce was great . for dessert chocolate melted cake . need i say more ! they also have these cool tablets on each table in which u can reorder drinks or food you can also play games and pay your check ! !
1			staff	eclectic	staff	young	gem	pleasant	staff	beautiful	expeditor	true	servers	crazy	tone	friendly no	issues	consistent	thing	key	samples	free	gem	hidden	fan	huge	day	bad	they	focused	restaurants	favorite	issues	serious	habits	bad			i must start this off with saying that hillside spot is one of my favorite restaurants in town and i consider a pleasant hidden gem of the city ! i like the food , the space , and the chai tea makes my world go round . with that being said there are some serious reoccuring issues with this place that never seem to get fixed . i know its lame to rip on service because any server can simply be having a bad day on any given time you are being served by them . but they have some very consistent service issues . first , they have a beautiful , young , eclectic staff that seems to move around very fast and work pretty hard . sad to say , they are all learning the bad habits of each other and there is almost no service factor present . the in general tone of the servers isn ' t friendly and they don ' t go above and beyond . i could list one hundred ways to change this around but there is only one key thing that really needs to be noted . it looks like this place took out the middleman bus boy and the kitchen expeditor . that is great , servers don ' t have to tip out so they get to keep all their tips . but . now they are so focused on cleaning up they spend less time on other things . the lack of a true kitchen expeditor guiding where the food goes and putting the last minute touches on the food that goes out is killing this place . most of the time you will find your server with his or her back turned to you while they are waiting around the island in the middle of their kitchen . its so crazy to have servers waiting around for food when there is so much they can do . hire a kitchen guru . have your servers helping out at the front handing out free muffin samples to waiting guests . pick up straw and or torta wrappers as people are dining . fill that water glass before the end of the meal . ask to heat up that pastry when someone orders it . come on hillside . go beyond just asking what someone wants and then throwing it down in front of them ! i ' m a huge fan and i ' m rooting for you .
2			service	great	occasions	special	place	love	it	great	drinks	cold	pedicure	best	we	annoyed	staff	friendly	reviews	bad	massage	awesome			my gf loves this place . she comes here with her girlfriends every 2 weeks . this is the only place she would go to get her nails done . i came with her a few times for our special occasions and i have to admit , it ' s pretty great . friendly staff . great service . they serve cold drinks and wine . i had the best pedicure there . the leg massage was awesome ! we were annoyed to see a few bad reviews about aloha but i guess you can ' t please them all . it ' s def a 5 star for me and also my gf .
1			restaurant	worst			do not come here this is the worst restaurant i ever been . food quality and customer service are both below average .
1			food	suck	kids	young	eggrolls	cold	place	suck	stinky	disgusting	stinky	sanitary no	it	dry	experience	horrible			if i could give no star i would this place sucks ! ! ! ! ! 1 . everyone comes in for buffet price . $ 8 . 99 person . sure that ' s not too bad . but young kids are charged almost just the same at $ 6 . 99 child . my kid hardly ate anything . why the neck would i pay for rice and soup and 2 pieces of meat for a kid ! ? ? ? ! ! 2 . lemme start by saying that the food totally sucks . eggrolls were ice cold . as if it was cooked yesterday and served today ! ? how gross ? ? ! ! 3 . the rice c ' mon , even a kid can cook rice better than them . it ' s very dry and almost hilaw . 4 . as we were about to complain , we spoke to one of the ladies that worked there who never bothered to pay attention to our complaints . 5 . the sinigang hardly had any meat in it and it took forvever for it to come out . 6 . bathroom , uncleaned , unsanitary , disgusting , stinky . worse than a portable potty ! altogether , our experience here is beyond horrible ! would never come back ! ! !
1			food	crappy	look	wonderful	it	bad			my review is for the $ 10 all you can eat apps . terrible and nasty . over cooked and served cold . nasty . i will not go back for that special . the tv commercial makes it look so wonderful . it is too bad that i cannot rate our server , she was a 5++++ . can ' t blame her for crappy food though .
2			options	great	service	friendly	this	recommend	she	pleased	ideas	unique	spear	complimentary	concept	unique	it	flavorful	something	new	decor	pleasant	it	bad no			came in for lunch today with my mom . service was friendly and decor was very pleasant and inviting . my mother ordered a blfgt , which is a blt with a fried green tomato . i thought this was a unique concept for a sandwich and she was pleased with her food . i ordered the shrimp po boy and it was extremely flavorful . the only disappointment was the macaroni and cheese side we both ordered . i am definitely a mac and cheese snob and my standards might be a little too demanding . i thought the flavor was lacking but i still finished every bite , so it wasn ' t bad . just nothing special . i would definitely recommend this to anyone excited by southern cuisine because they do have some unique ideas and great veggie options , including a veggie pot pie and black bean burger . will definitely come again and try something new . i am also a pickle enthusiast , and their complimentary dill pickle spear with each sandwich gives them a thumbs up in my book .
2			lord	good	i	glad	parts	amazing	look	quick	it	worth	sam	successful no	labor	amazing	attempt	successful no	i	capable	it	amazing			there are some things i ' m capable of doing and some things that it ' s worth hiring a professional . today ' s task was hooking up an aux in to the radio in my daughter ' s car . the first attempt was unsuccessful and rather than continue fiddling with it , i brought it to the folks at the geek squad to do . sam took a quick look at it and tried , but was also unsuccessful . his suggestion was to simply replace the radio and he brought us over to the display of car stereo systems . for $ 90 plus a few parts plus some labor , he was able to install it and good lord , it ' s amazing . very professional , very quick and not terribly expensive . i ' m glad i hired a professional ! i have no complaints . well done , sam . well done .
2			salon	clean	selection	limited	i	nervous	salon	nice	reviews	bad	it	bad no			i had a mani pedi here today . i was a bit nervous because of bad reviews but it was not bad . not 5 star maybe 3 . 5 . very clean and nice salon . limited polish selection . pedi better than mani . i ' ll go back again in a crunch .
1			donuts	horrible	bottom	hard	news	bad			i stopped this morning for a bagel to take home . i got it home and the bottom of the bagel was so hard i couldn ' t bite through it . horrible dunkin donuts don ' t go there . also , when i drove up to the drive thru window menu , i asked what kind of bagels they had . the girl said she had , among others , an egg bagel , so i ordered onhe . upon reaching the window to pay for it , she advised me they didn ' t have any . huh ? i thought she just said she did . bad news !
2			food	concerned	burgers	great	they	authentic no	food	fast	they	bad no			as far as fast food is concerned i ' m a fan of jack in the box . the burgers are always great . sure they ' re like 10 zillion calories but that ' s the byproduct of tasting great . i also love that you can get to tacos for a buck . you heard that right a buck and no they ' re not authentic but they ' re a buck and not bad at all . i ' m not generally a fast food lover but i have yet to have something i didn ' t like from jack in the box . just ask my belly or look at it .
2			chewy	amazing			price+quality amazing i love how they use a slicer to slice meats there . the bread is amazing chewy how a sandwich should be . i want one right now . the italian dressing homemade is amazing ask for it .
1			i	glad	i	impressed no	road	low	attitude	lousy	guy	bad	ass	complete	i	drunk	it	sad	i	sorry	owner	good	look	bad			wow , it ' s pretty sad when the owner of this restaurant has to make himself look like even more of a jack ass by bashing me after i let everyone know how horribly he treated myself and my 2 friends . he had to comment on my yelp review to make me out to be the bad guy and say i was drunk . that is pretty pathetic . i wasn ' t impressed with the food nor his lousy attitude when i came there this past weekend . i ' m glad that people can now see how you are a complete immature jack ass after your response to my complaint . a good business owner would have responded back with an i ' m sorry about your unsatisfactory meal and service , what can we do to make this up to a valued customer ? however you took the low road and made yourself look bad !
2			dinner	nice	steaks	awesome	place	great	steak	awesome	salmon	awesome			great place for a nice kickback dinner . the salmon and steak were awesome . will definitely be back for happy hour when even those awesome steaks are half off ! ! !
2			i	glad	gravy	rich	onions	amazing			we arrived at 12 : 30am and it was lined up out the door but i am glad we toughed it out for the 15 minutes it took to get a table . we ordered a classique and a duleton . they were everything a poutine should be handcut dark fries , rich gravy and tonnes of curds ! the onions on the duleton were amazing . well worth the hype .
2			men	aged	music	good	ones	trendy	addition	good	people	alternative	myself	comfortable	thing	bad no			it ' s a rock pub , so expect a lot of alternative people who look and act exactly the same , and swathes of unwashed middle aged men whose life revolves around kerrang tv and world of warcraft . this isn ' t necessarily a bad thing , and as i get older i find myself often a bit more comfortable in bars like this than i do in trendy ones that stink of hair gel and smirnoff ice . the music is quite good but often a bit too loud , though that ' s almost a prerequisite for a rock bar anyway . overall , it ' s a good addition to the rose street bar scene , where many of the other venues can feel a bit samey .
2			tea	amazing	it	amazing			the iced tea is amazing , as are the baked goods . i have been known to eat an entire maple scone before even getting back to my office . i don ' t drink coffee but i hear it ' s amazing . pass by the starbucks on the corner and head to cartel !
2			trip	short	space	open	chai	thick	it	great	it	hot	omelet	giant	chai	delicious	ben	big	i	surprised	service	best no	coffee	delish	space	large	jam	amazing			i fell in love with this place . in our short 3 day trip to phoenix , we stopped by twice and we didn ' t get much free time , so that ' s pretty big . the space is large and open , i ' m surprised there aren ' t more students here studying . there is plenty of seating , and the coffee is delish . the chai is unbelievably delicious . the food here seems to be just so so for me . i got the big ben , and it ' s like eating a giant omelet stacked inside of an english muffin . the sauce to egg ratio was definitely off , and when we asked for more sauce , we didn ' t get any , even though they promised to bring it out . the onion jam on the other blt sandwich is amazing . i wanted to spread it over everything . they got a knock down because their service is not the best , and the food was a bit underwhelming , especially compared to the drinks . the chai is thick and syrupy , almost a little too much , but it ' s great both hot and cold , but i prefer it iced .
1			service	horrible	soup	cold	place	worst	gutter	horrible			this was the worst breakfast place i have ever been to . i went there with my boyfriend . they asked for tip up front . my boyfriend ordered green tea . they were out of green tea , so the associate offered a different tea instead of making more green tea . i ordered coffee and was not even pointed to the coffee bar to get cream . our food took forever to be delivered to our table . my soup was cold ! avoid this place like the plague . the restaurant looks like a gutter and the service was horrible .
1			service	best	something	special	sushi	great	sushi	best	bruce	best	service	great	chef	personal	preparation	traditional	service	good	selections	tasty no	location	original	answer	honest	quality	good	creations	good	selection	good	service	bad			bruce has been our ' personal ' sushi chef for almost ten years . his fish selection and quality , as well as his creations are so good that we have followed him from his original location , to sushi avenue and now to sushi avenue 2 . no matter your style , traditional japanese preparation or american style fun rolls , bruce and his staff will satisfy your craving . in the mood for something different ? just ask bruce or one of the sushi chefs to make you something special . i promise you will be wow ' ed ! we have never had bad service at any of bruce ' s locations and whenever we ask , what ' s good today ? we always get an honest answer and steered clear of any selections that might not be as tasty as we ' d like . great sushi , great service and bruce is the best !
1			strip	amazing	staff	medical	signage	poor	marathon	slow	one	worst			i haven ' t done a lot of 1 2 marathons 3 to be exact , but this one was by far the worst . first they ran out of shirts . how do you run out of shirts for a race that was sold out a month in advance ? the signage at the race was poor at best . i couldn ' t find the bag check and no one at the hotel seemed to know what was going on . the race corals were meaningless as people were walking in the 8 min mile pace group at the start line . the marathon and 1 2 marathon courses were not well designated and slow 1 2 marathoners were getting in the way of people trying to do the marathon . after the race they said there would be shuttles to the hotels . if there were i couldn ' t find them and none of the volunteers seemed to know either . i personally witnessed 2 people throwing up not far from the end of the race and couldn ' t find a medic . i don ' t blame the medical staff they were working hard but the race organizers should have had more people . this race was a total mess and i can ' t believe this organization puts on races all over the country . i wouldn ' t do another one of their races . on the plus side running down the strip at night is amazing . overall poorly organized and poorly executed . lucky for me i brought my own water as i heard that people were getting sick from the water on the course and that they ran out of the gatorade at most stations . they have made promises that they will make improvements for this year but who knows . i think they need to build the trust back with the runners .
1			subway	worst	it	closest	service	great	subway	closest	portions	skimpy	portions	normal	amount	accurate	service	bad			hands down the worst subway i ' ve ever visited . not sure if the other reviewer works at this location or not but service here is consistently sub standard . i ' ve visited this location 3 times as it ' s closest to my house and not only is the service bad , but the portions of meat , cheese , and toppings are always skimpy , or you need to beg and barter for normal portions . they honestly weighed the portion of cheese once to argue that they provided the accurate amount . of course it came back light but what happened to the customer being right ? we ' re talking about 10 cents worth of cheese ? do yourselves a favor and drive the extra half mile to the next closest subway . or , visit the chinese food place next door as it actually has great service and food
1			mounds	huge	bite	late	pizza	vegan	circle	bizarre	slices	cold	techno	terrible	lights	low	part	worst			i am pretty sure my friends and i stumbled into a coke party when we came here for a late bite after a house show back in the neighborhood . the lights were low , there were people dry humping each other wall to wall , and lots of frequent , quick trips in and out of the bathrooms by staff and guests alike . all to a soundtrack of terrible techno . all of this would ' ve been worth a laugh if it weren ' t for the food . we ordered a vegan pizza , a couple cheese slices , and an order of garlic knots . the vegan pizza was a barely cooked pie with hummus haphazardly smeared across it . the worst part about it was the paprika they had attempted to season the hummus , but for some reason , rather than sprinkling the spices across the entire pie , there were 5 distinct , huge mounds of paprika that spotted the pie like an outbreak of chickenpox . the slices came out first , and were cold even before we reminded them that we ordered garlic knots which took an unholy 20 mintues , after we reminded them . to top it all off the garlic knots , those of the epic cooking time , were completely cold and raw in the middle . eddie ' s pizza is like some bizarre circle of hell .
1			manager	difficult	place	recommend no	food	disappointing	coffee	horrible			everytime i ' ve gone there the food has been very disappointing . the employees just slap the food together with no care of concern for the customers . also the coffee was horrible the one time i tried it ! the manager is difficult to understand and tries to upsell you on everything ! i would not recommend this place .
1			establishment	worst			this is the worst establishment i have ever laid my eyes on if a hobo walked in to this store he would shit himself and say is this hell ? ? ? but no it is not it is however the shitiest store i ' ve ever seen
1			tuna	spicy	size	good	tuna	spoiled	mayonnaise	straight	food	bad	sushi	worst			quite possibly the worst sushi i have ever had . i ordered spicy tuna don . the tuna was spoiled , and the sauce was straight mayonnaise with no spice or flavor . this allowed me to really appreciate just how bad the fish was . at least it was a good portion size . if you give bad food , at least give a lot of it so your customers really get sick . addition from later same day , i was nauseous beginning 1 hour afterwards , lasting for several hours .
2			service	horrible	food	horrible	places	amazing			horrible food , horrible service . can ' t believe this place is still in business ! with all of the amazing sushi places in town , why would anyone come here more than once ? do yourself a favor and drive five more minutes to ohjah on decatur . don ' t waste your money .
2			sushi	best	!!!	best	meal	amazing			best sushi with the best happy hour price . i seriously get disappointed at least once during a sushi meal not tonight , not here . every roll and app not only came out lightening fast , but tasted the best ! ! ! and for the price it was an amazing meal and we will be back .
1			hopes	high	flavor	salty	papers	local	it	bad	taste	bland no	u	cheap	look	long	joint	dead	u	high	food	good	taste	fishy no	out	dried	prices	cheap	crowd	tough	feel	bad			i ' m starting with the typical i feel bad , my first 1 star review oh yeah , it was bad . tues night , the joint was dead which made us backstep slightly but what the heck . i had high hopes for this place since it ' s been advertised in the chinese local papers , which is a tough crowd . the community wants good food , preferably seafood , and for cheap prices . the food offerings had the dried out exposed to air look long time look . i could of forgiven them if the seafood didn ' t taste either fishy or completely bland how does crab legs lose their salty brine flavor ? . they used the cheap high u count shrimp in their dishes as well , but i did enjoy their oysters with black bean sauce . clams , again no flavor . variety yes , but what ' s the point if it doesn ' t taste all that .
2			shudder	crooked	beds	long	eyesight	poor	look	great	i	impressed no	nails	longer	look	wonderful	massage	short	they	short	tips	crazy	massage	good no	look	ridiculous	thing	little	them	short	salon	worst	spa	clean	option	bad no			i have yet to find a nail salon in the south hills area of pittsburgh that ' s even close to the worst nail salon i visited in southern california . i keep hoping . i ' ve tried three and i ' ll keep trying . envy nail spa was clean . they also accept credit cards , though they follow what seems to be the norm here in the pgh area they only accept cash tips crazy . other than that , i was completely unimpressed . my nails look worse than they did when i went in and i did need a fill pretty badly . my feet look great . the massage with the pedicure was short and not very good , but my toes look wonderful . if you just want a pedicure , this might not be a bad option . my fingers , on the other hand *shudder* most of them are filed so crooked that even my mom with very poor eyesight can tell they ' re crooked . they ' re also super short . she asked if i wanted them trimmed . i said , yes , a little next thing i knew , i barely had nails . she claimed that it ' s because i have long nail beds i do and she kept thinking my nails were longer but i ' ve had long nail beds my whole life and this is the only time it ' s been a problem . i was also just getting a pink fill , since there was plenty of white left on my nails i normally get the white redone every other time , but now my nails look ridiculous , since she cut them so short . i highly recommend that you avoid this for finger nails . most are crooked and all are way too short .
1			reviews	good	management	rude	attitudes	bad	management	new	reviews	old	ownership	rude	staff	new	i	mad	i	welcome no	owner	new	i	confused	reviews	bad			i am mad that ha had to give this place even 1 star . see the old reviews were pretty good then the newer reviews are mostly bad . this place changed ownership and the new management is rude . the food isnt the same . its very bad actually . i used to call in and order take out when i was in town about 2 3 times per week . i called right after they changed hands . the woman on the phone said she didnt know what i was talking about and hung up on me . i was confused . i went there and figured there was a miscommunication but it was all new staff . i ordered any way . the food was different . i was treated like i was not welcome . i thought i would complain to the new owner . i was dealing with the new owner all along ! dont go here . their food isnt fit for dogs and they have such bad attitudes .
2			stuff	great	side	expensive	it	excellent	view	amazing			i enjoy this place very well . it ' s definitely on the expensive side , but i ' ve had the beef wellington special , and the surf and turf , and some of the veal . it was all excellent . the view is amazing . i can definitely imagine that some stuff is great here , while others isn ' t . i would recommend to always order one of the specials .
2			place	clean	experience	unique	place	welcoming	surprise	special	dogs	awesome			quite simply packs and dogs is a unique experience . . hundreds of beers , and the dogs were awesome had the bloodhound , wow , the kielbasa bulldog is what a pittsburgh food in tube form should taste like ! place is clean and funky welcoming . mark who runs the place is first class . catch the view of the city and walk on down to packs & dogs tell em ' the jersey boys sent you , special surprise awaits can ' t wait to get visit again
1			it	overpriced	taste	good no	pizza	worst	it	burnt	you	wrong no	pizza	good	pizza	horrible			this place has horrible pizza . i was told by a passerby that they had good pizza here while going to the post office , i ' m not sure what this person was thinking . this is the worst pizza i can remember having , it was overpriced and burnt . you look at it and know it wouldn ' t taste good and you aren ' t wrong . go to aiello ' s , mineo ' s or order pizza hut lol .
1			result	horrible			gave them another shot with same horrible result . they we busy due to concert . sat at bar for 10 minutes with not even being acknowledged . once again walked out . understand busy times but that was ridiculous .
2			selection	huge	food	amazing			food was amazing for easter brunch , a huge selection of choices with something for our whole group . will definitely be attending again ! !
2			it	fantastic	reviews	great	service	great	desserts	fabulous	meal	amazing			had an amazing meal ! we were seated right away , however , it was a sunday night and it was 5 : 30pm . i ordered the trout , it was fantastic ! my friends had the meatloaf , steak and ribs . all had great reviews . the desserts were equally as fabulous ! service was great . only complaint , it was too dark in the restaurant . i will go back !
2			nothing	good	atmosphere	loud	cheese	good	wait	worth	it	cool	it	worth	it	trendy	plate	great	table	open	turkey	lean	turkey	smokey	i	picky	atmosphere	worth	wait	long	sandwich	best	slaw	amazing	sandwiches	amazing			pretty much agree with the other reviews but have to say that the super long wait for a table and ridiculously loud atmosphere although it is really kinda cool and trendy is worth it for the turkey pastrami sandwich . forget everything else on the menu and get this sandwich . just do it . it ' s the best sandwich i ' ve ever had and i ' ve had some amazing sandwiches and i ' m super picky , too ! ! the cole slaw is amazing . the turkey is smokey and lean . the pretzel bun is to die for . so good . we also always get the cheese plate . we ' re from wisconsin . we know good cheese . this place has a great cheese plate . i also tried the grilled cheese sliders but seriously , nothing else is as good as the turkey . sat next to a guy who almost had an orgasm over the monkey bread dessert but i didn ' t try it should have ! overall , it ' s worth the wait and noise but they really , really need to get on open table and start taking reservations . would help a lot . also need some waiting areas and to cut back on the volume of the music or add some acoustic elements so you ' re not deaf when you leave . wouldn ' t mind some better cocktails , too . i ' ve had two and neither of them were very good . i ' ll go for wine next time . will still go back for the food but hope to see some improvement on the flow of the restaurant , overall . i ' ll continue to try to go on weeknights and late at night so i can get in without standing outside for an hour .
1			bbq	great	they	open	lady	young	woman	young	daves	famous	we	certain	experience	horrible			very small and dirty looking and nearly no parking . as we were in the mood for soul food and lolo ' s was closed , we read reviews for this place and decided to give it a shot . we called ahead , as we are 30 minutes away , the young lady on the phone told us that they would be open until 10pm . great we thought . we showed up around 645 pm and there was nobody but a gentleman at the register , chatting it up and belly laughing as we stood there awkwardly not being acknowledged . we decided to seat ourselves , we sat nearly 5 before the gentleman motioned that the menus were up where he was , still on the phone mind you . we sat and looked over the menus , still not having been greeted by anyone . 10 minutes or so later , a young woman comes out from the back and rudely states that we must leave . we asked , why ? her response was they were closing in a couple minutes , and if we wanted to order we could only choose from their two specials . we mentioned that we spoke to a young woman over the phone and she had stated that they would remain open until 10pm . she replied no , nobody said that . we are certain it was her to which we spoke , as we even double checked the phone number dialed against the one on their flyers that were at the register . sorry can ' t review the food , may have been great but their hospitality was not . this horrible experience didn ' t ruin the night as we had great bbq at famous daves instead .
2			price	decent	ft	square	water	hot	view	amazing			we had a 1600 square ft suite that had a projection screen and ceiling to floor windows that had an amazing view of the south end strip and airport for a decent price . only complaints are the water pressure , lack of hot water , and the fact that the hotel did not have a shoe shine .
1			taste	nasty	burger	wrong	!!!	relative	hamburgers	cheap	food	worst	taste	horrible			anyone who gave this place even one star , has to be the owner or a relative ! ! ! worst food ever ! ! ! ! we took one bite cheese steak and hamburger they gave use the wrong burger on top of that ! ! horrible , and through it out ! ! ! nasty taste , cheap hamburgers , no meat on cheese steak and had a horrible taste
1			price	new	reason	real	food	good	food	great	taste	bad			the food was good , but not great . the horchata ; however , is one of the best i ' ve ever tried . i could come back just for that . the real reason why this place gets 2 stars instead of 3 was how the manager dealt with our issue . my friend ordered the filet mignon taco plate and the menu clearly said it was 15 . 99 . we got our bill and it says 21 . 99 . so we asked why and she said it ' s because they changed the menu . well . . not the 4 menus that we were given . instead of fixing it , she argued with us and tried to find a menu with the new price . when she couldn ' t produce one , she said she would need to call the owner blah blah . seriously ? ! and then she takes another 15minutes talking on the phone with the owner , i ' m assuming , instead of dealing with her waiting customers . left such a bad taste in my mouth . in the end , she changed the charge to 15 . 99 , to which i left a $ 6 tip and a scathing note on how they can have their money back . we will never return to this place .
2			salmon	awesome	portions	gigantic	tomatoes	awesome			excellent fried green tomatoes , and i usually don ' t even care for tomatoes , salmon was awesome as well . the gigantic portions made me give it 5 stars .
2			foods	suck	service	great	salad	suck	dressing	good	it	fresh	menu	limited	food	awesome			the menu is really limited . if you don ' t eat meat you get to choose between breakfast foods or a salad , which sucks . but the food is awesome ! ! i got a house salad and it was very fresh and the vinaigrette dressing is really good . the service was great and the restaurant is very comfortable and well lit .
1			sign	welcome	venues	commercial	casino	oldest	i	excited	garden	interesting	sign	necessary no	guide	official	buffet	messy	food	mediocre	airport	small	reunion	military	part	worst			my wife and i are in vegas for a military reunion and had a day to sightsee so we booked the airbridge hoover dam tour . i upgraded to the tour with the buffet lunch . i was excited to see this feat of american engineering . they took us to the welcome to las vegas sign not really necessary , and selfish people on the tour waste everyone ' s time posing for pictures while others stand there waiting for their turn . then to the ethel m for mertz ? chocolate factory and cactus garden the chocolate factory was so so . . they hustle you to shop here ! ! but the cactus garden was interesting as i am from the east coast . then off to the dam . i booked this tour to see the dam ! ! we were given 75 minutes to tour , and the tour inside the dam took 65 minutes . that left 10 minutes before catching the bus , so the official tour guide said run up to the observation deck to view the dam above ground . i had to leave to catch the bus , and most of the people on the bus were seething that we didn ' t have enough time to really see everything , at least walk across the top of the dam . we then had to make a trip on the bus to drop three people off at a small airport for a helicopter ride they had booked , another wasted twenty minutes . the next stop was to the buffet at the oldest running casino in nevada , the buffet was messy and the food was mediocre , but the worst part was we were given 75 minutes to eat , the same amount of time as visiting the dam ! i guess they hope we will gamble our extra time away as 30 minutes would have been plenty for lunch . i called airbridge and complained about all this wasted time . we had never been to vegas before and understood we would be visiting a couple of other places , but a 7 hour tour when the dam is less than an hour away and then giving you 90 minutes to see it while you hang out at commercial venues is a blatant rip off and waste of time . i would ask any tour you book how long they will actually give you to tour the dam . that ' s what you are paying for , right ?
1			place	horrible	repair	prior	lettering	bold	diagnosis	correct	me	wrong	services	needed	we	willing	response	common	estimate	accurate	felt	necessary	i	sorry	it	necessary	dummy	nice	you	interested	taste	bad			wow ! this place is just horrible . this isn ' t the first time i ' ve had issue with their services either . they sent me an unsolicited e mail asking to describe the experience , so i felt it necessary to fill it out as the experience really left a bad taste in my mouth . the survey link doesn ' t work so i e mailed saying so and this clown garrett o ' dell service manager , e mails me back asking about what happened so i sent this : was totally not happy with the entire experience and i won ' t be back because of it . i let the service man know exactly what the issue was and led me believe it was a warranty issue when i knew the warranty issue was the passenger not driver seat . more importantly , they said it would take less than an hour and we were there going on three and then to be told it was exactly what i said it was to begin with , given an estimate for thousands for other things and charged $ 135 . 00 for something i already knew . just shady practicing in my opinion , and i ' ll go elsewhere next time . so the service manager clown goes on and basically attacks me in his response : i take our reputation and business practices very seriously and would vigorously investigate anything that would lead our customers to believe we were being anything other than forthright and fair . i took the opportunity to look over the initial write up , and repair diagnosis . from the information here , as well as your email below , it appears we were asked to inspect the car for the complaint of ; srs light lit on dash and specifically asked to determine if the repair was a parts warranty from a prior repair to the passenger seat mat as someone else had made that diagnosis and connection . our findings were that the vehicle did not need a passenger side seat mat as you were advised , rather a driver ' s side seat mat , counter to the information you had been given elsewhere , this was a repair that was not covered under an applicable parts warranty . it appears we charged you only for the technicians time to make that determination , as agreed upon , we completed an accurate estimate of that repair as well as other needed services noted during our inspection as a courtesy , you declined those repairs as well as the repair to the srs system . i am sorry to hear you feel this was shady . i realize that giving customers information about the condition of their vehicle , especially when it differs from their expectations or promises that other repair shops have made , can be difficult . i am sure you have found in your business model that when reality is different than expectations , the most common response is to attack the credibility of the messenger . if you are interested in making any of the repairs to your vehicle we would certainly still be willing to help . garrett o ' dell service manager what a clown . nice customer service dummy . you can ' t tell in this yelp posting but his verbiage was filled with caps and bold lettering to show his emphasis in yelling at me . here ' s my response : we already had the correct diagnosis . i already knew it was the driver ' s seat mat and should have been told it was not a warranty item in the first place . further , i was quoted less than an hour , it approached 3 my business time is billed at $ 225 . 00 an hour . i don ' t care for your customer service tone either , further exemplifying my feeling of this establishment . i ' m not attacking anyone . i ' m a bmw customer , and as a lay customer , this is how i felt about my experience at chapman bmw . moreover , your customer service approach feels more like an attack to me . so i hope you feel better about yourself , now that you ' ve tried to prove me wrong . enjoy your $ 135 . 00 and i ' ll go somewhere else here on out . you win garrett ! i ' m going to bring my bmw 750li to north scottsdale for all my needs from here on out .
1			manager	worst	customer	worst			worst customer service ! they close their doors before 9 , and i was in once and they asked someone to leave because they were closed and it was 4 min till 9 ! refused to refill a kids drink even tho they have before and all other starbucks have done so ! worst manager in evenings ! also , they said they couldn ' t do a pour over of sumatra for me they could only do what was brewing ! don ' t waste your time go to starbucks at indian bend and scottsdale road !
1			thing	good	day	bad			i went here at a suggestion of a friend this last weekend . to be fair , i don ' t have a lot of eyebrows to begin with , but i ' m used to getting somewhat of a shape and coloring them in myself . well , i definitely left with more eyebrows than i came with . that could have been a good thing , had they not drawn eyebrows on me that resembled chewbacca ! the part that really bothered me was that the girls kept telling me how great they looked . . . good thing i knew better and wiped the crap off before i got to my final destination . i took a picture of what it looked like , needless to say it ' s what i send to my friends now when they are having a bad day .
2			staff	amazing	place	great	doctors	amazing			great place to bring your kids . the doctors and staff here are amazing ! !
1			building	new	place	bad			this place is really bad even though they moved into a new building .
1			people	inept	closings	top	they	busy	work	nice	they	inept	closings	worst			the people who work here are very nice , however they are very inept when it comes to closings . they never close any files on time and if your closing falls towards the end of the month , which most do , they are very busy and don ' t return phone calls or e mails . if you are unlucky enough to be forced into closing at this location be sure to stay on top of them and be prepared to close late . top 5 worst closings we ' ve ever had and we close over 125 homes a year .
2			it	delicious	it	amazing			i found this place while browsing on yelp . it is amazing ! i had the yellow curry and thai iced tea my go to for any thai restaurant and it was delicious ! my friend really enjoyed his meal too . definitely a place worth checking out !
1			it	original no	one	new	fluids	dirty	i	ready	news	bad			you know times are really getting bad when a shop like meineke pulls this stuff . i have been getting my oil changed at meineke for the last few years because they mail me oil change specials for $ 15 . 95 . yesterday ended all that . i went in yesterday saturday to get my oil changed even though i figured i may have to wait because it ' s saturday . there were no other customers there at 10 : 00 am . i gave them my coupon and the keys and said i was going next door and would be back in 20 minutes . when i came back the manager said he had some bad news for me . he said i needed a power steering and brake fluid flush because the fluids were dirty . i said ok , show me the leak . he said there is no leak and i said no s**t , if there was i would have noticed it on the floor in my garage . then i asked him if there was no leak how did my fluids get dirty ? he sounded like obama without a teleprompter , uh , uh ooo , uh , ahh , oh , oh . then he told me i needed a fuel filter because the one that was on there looked like the original . i told him it was not the original , i replaced the original at 40 , 000 miles because my engine started to ping . restricted filter and the engine runs lean , gets hot and pings . i put in a new one and no more ping . then he told me i needed battery service because the posts were starting to show some corrosion that will cause my battery to drop cells . i told him the battery was $ 39 . 95 purchased at walmart 5 years ago and was probably ready to be replaced anyway . he said he could perform all this service today for $ 279 . 95 and he would throw in the oil change for free . i got up on my tip toes and did a tap dance while shouting expletives as loud as i could that would have made rodney king proud .
2			place	love	variety	wide	job	amazing			i love this place ! i get the gel manicure here and have never been disappointed . they offer a wide variety of colors . ive been with a few different girls and they all do an amazing job . you never leave disappointed !
1			products	wrong	officials	public	idiots	trained	ineffective	caring no	group	national	group	stupid	therapists	called	shipments	bad			beware this company is the worse . one star is more than i would give apria healthcare but there aren ' t any minuses . if you can avoid this place , run away , even if you have to pay cash . including healthcare in their name is a disgrace . the so called therapists are a batch of badly trained , uncaring , ineffective idiots . the customer service and quality control group are horribly under trained and basically stupid . they sent me the wrong products over and over and over again . though i informed my insurance company , they were paid anyway . i tried to return the items but as i had opened the boxes , i am not allowed to return any of the bad shipments even though i was sent items i did not order . apria expects payment and has turned my account over to collections . apria healthcare is a national group . i heard that they are one of six allowed by medicare under obamacare . millions of patients will be treated badly thanks to our public officials being well paid , trading their responsibility to the american voters for lined pockets .
2			occurrence	common	phone	expensive	associate	ready	charger	overpriced	associates	polite	amount	ridiculous	cover	overpriced	bundle	amazing			the associates are polite although maybe a bit pushy . but the wait times in this store are ridiculous . there ' s the greeter who takes your name . okay , that ' s fine . then just wait regardless of what you need . there are no cashiers to allow you to just grab and go . don ' t bother popping in for a charger or a cover , which are overpriced anyway . the associate , after spending a ridiculous amount of time trying to upswell the customer before me , is finally ready . it ' s finally my turn . then off to the greeter he goes to find out who is next i know it ' s me because i ' ve been waiting for almost an hour . i continue to wait as they stand there and chat for a while , which seems to be a common occurrence in this store . what could they possibly be discussing ? finally they walk toward me and , after introductions , i show him exactly what i want . he , of course , directs me to a more expensive phone . i advise him that i am purchasing an emergency phone for a 10 year old . he takes the hint and leaves to retrieve the phone i originally requested . upon his return he asks for my home phone info . i advise that i do not have a landline and he instantly breaks into his obviously rehearsed monologue about their home phone plan . again , i point to the reason for my visit an emergency phone for my son because we don ' t have a landline . finally off to the checkout counter . i foolishly inquire if the charger is included . another rehearsed monologue about the amazing bundle he can offer with my 99 cent purchase before he finally admits that a wall charger is included with the phone . all said and done an hour and a half to add a 99 cent flip phone to my account . they really need to speed this up . i ' ve purchased vehicles in less time .
1			it	full no	serving	full	location	worst			worst location for smoothies . they gave 2 3 in a cup . when i asked why it ' s not completely full and their response was you want more . it ' s as if i am not supposed to have full serving . will never come back to this location . so frustrating .
1			business	small	service	worst			worst customer service ever . extremely rude and very unorganized ! will never return ! it amazes me how a small business like this would treat customers as they did me and my sister , maybe it was becuase we were women . they told us a different story everyday , about an item we ordered . we finally received it 4 weeks later ! when we were told the day we ordered it it would be in the next day ! ! ! ! plus you walk in to the place and there is just stuff everywhere just clutter and not very appealing at all .
1			it	ready	bike	ready no	customer	worst			i agree , worst customer service ever ! ! i dropped my bike ' s off on a friday and told them i would pick it up in a week . i stopped in on the following saturday and the bike was not ready . i was told if i came in later that afternoon it would be ready . i told them it could wait until sunday so i left . when i returned on sunday it hadn ' t even been touched . they claimed they were still waiting for parts ! ! i collected the two bikes and got out of there as quick as i could . i was planning on buying a cruiser there also , not in a million years after that experience .
1			it	bad	pizza	original	rosati	love	crust	undercooked	pizza	new	pizzas	blind	pizza	good no	it	obvious	boxes	old	apology	lame	crust	thin	pizza	awesome	staff	friendly	pizza	bad			i love rosati ' s , and i ' ve ordered from this store dozens of times . the staff is friendly and the pizza is awesome . we usually get either the thin crust or the chicago style . so why only 2 stars ? a couple of weeks ago we ordered a thin with cheese and a chicago with pepperoni . i go pick it up , take it home only to find that the chicago pizza ' s crust was severly undercooked . it was very obvious just by looking at it . of course we tried to eat some but it was really bad . i call the store back and tell them , they offer to make another one . come pick it up in 20 minutes . i drive back to the store and the manager i think is sitting out front and asks me why i ' m back so soon . i tell her the pizza was not cooked . she makes some comment oh really ? ! ? or something but never gets up from her chair . the kid working the counter brings out my new pizza and we open both the new and the old boxes to compare . it was very obvious that the original pizza was undercooked when comparing the 2 . so my take on it is that they knew the pizza was bad and figured they could serve it to me and i wouldn ' t notice or complain or the person cooking the pizzas is blind and or doesn ' t care whether the pizza is good or not . either way , this is uncacceptable ! and to make matters worse . all i got was a half hearted lame apology from the counter kid . not that i was expecting them to give me the pizza for free but come on ! no coupon , no offer of any compensation whatsoever . lame ! especially when spending almost $ 30 for 2 pizzas . but whatever , i might go back because i really do like the pizza but i think they need to step up thier game in the service department .
1			pizza	awesome	service	horrible			closed : too bad too . the pizza was awesome but the customer service was horrible .
1			haircut	worst			i have to say they gave me the worst haircut i have ever had . i will never go there again .
2			family	wonderful	experiences	pleasant	service	great	prices	amazing			my experiences with avante print center are always pleasant . since the beginning of our business relationship they have helped me customize and maximize my marketing efforts with no hassle whatsoever . i will always go back to them for amazing prices , great customer service and the wonderful family owned and operated feel .
1			thing	negative	pizza	tasting	pizza	great	it	fresh	it	clean	pizza	frozen	customer	worst			this location has great tasting pizza . it always is consistant and fresh . the only issue is the have the worst customer service over the phone . i call often for carry out and some times just want to hang up ; however when you walk into the pizza shop everyone is always so friendly . this location always makes my pizza just right . so i bypass the one negative thing . they offer a $ 4 . 99 carry out special for a medium pizza . you can not beat that it is cheaper than the frozen pizza ' s at the grocery store . i can give them a pat on the back . i have been eating at this location for years and it is always very clean .
2			part	greatest	visits	limited no	more	many	share	fair	bills	medical	medications	necessary no	cleaning	dental	staff	friendly	cone	new	dog	expensive	notch	top	care	great	staff	love	bill	clean	staff	nice	they	conscious	deal	amazing			i rescued my ball of canine fluff harley from the humane society two years ago . what i didn ' t know was that when i adopted him , they decided to neuter him before i took him home . when i went to pick him up harley had a brand spanking new cone around his neck . so came the search for a veterinarian stat and i needed one who could be trusted to take top notch care of this mischievous dog . i learned quickly that a dog is expensive and especially with medical bills , shots , office visits and that ' s just hitting on the basics . as i was visiting the petsmart one day , i came across the bandfield pet hospital conveniently located inside the store . i decided to begin chatting with them to see about pricing and they told me about their amazing deal . for between $ 25 and $ 35 a month , they offer a service where you get unlimited office visits , several shots , an annual dental cleaning and many more benefits for your animal . i cannot tell you how many times this service has come to the rescue for me . i absolutely love the bandfield staff . harley has spent his fair share of time in the doctor ' s office and every time he visits , the staff is extremely friendly and nice . they always get harley in and out quickly . the vets know what they ' re doing and they take great care of the animals . after a visit , harley always leaves happy and refreshed and normally with a clean bill of health . the greatest part about bandfield is that they are conscious of the economy and know they don ' t push unnecessary medications or products just to make money . they really do look out for the customer , both canine and human , so for that i am a forever fan of bandfield ! i think i can speak for harley as well .
2			office	beautiful	dentist	love	service	extraordinary	staff	phenomenal	feel	comfortable	hygienist	dental	dentist	amazing			dr . taylor is just an amazing dentist and his staff is just as phenomenal as he is . elaine is quite the dental hygienist ! the office is beautiful and everyone makes you feel comfortable and at home . who likes going to the dentist ? i can honestly say now i absolutely love the dentist and look forward to the appointments that i have with dr . taylor . don ' t waste your time going anywhere else and make an appointment as soon as you can ! the service is extraordinary and the quality of dentistry is unmatched .
1			type	worst			as a ' person ' goes , garick ho is probably the worst type of individual you could possibly meet . very dishonest and misrepresents himself as a professional . purchases used items off websites to use at practice . sterilized yeah right ! consider yourself warned .
1			something	plastic	customer	worst	way	bad			dunkin donuts isnt letting me post it on its fb page . . there was a piece of plastic something in my dunkin donut bagel last afternoon , which i had incidentally gotten for my kid . he didn ' t eat it , so i had it . a plastic like this could have choked anyone . i ' ve been feeling nauseous ever since i ate it . . i didn ' t make an issue of the bad way they served me . worst customer service . it was as if why serve her n not ignore her . but i could not overlook a plastic in my food considering that it was meant for a child . . how could they be so negligent ? can anyone take these guys into account . after all , they are being paid for what they are doing ?
1			experience	horrible			yet another horrible experience . 7 grain bread was soggy and undercooked . a few weeks ago the tuna was missing from the sandwich . and it ' s only this location .
2			minutes	good	service	terrible	dinner	good	he	awesome			my boyfrind and i went to the rio in search of a good dinner . we landed at cafe mortorano . we did the special where you get an appitizer , 2 entrees and a dessert for $ 44 each . we sat down and the waitress took a good 5 minutes to greet us . my boyfriend ordered his drink and i took water until i made my choice . it took her another 10 to 15 minutes to get the drink and to take our order . the food was semi up to par , however our server was horrid . she dropped off our entree ' s 30 minutes after our appitizer was cleared . she passed by our table several times without even glancing our way . another server noticed and he was awesome at checking to see if our dinner was up to par . no matter the food , the service was terrible .
2			tech	high	number	winning	four	hottest	they	cool	rooms	amazing			wow ! the cosmopolitan is definitely as gorgeous and chic as everyone says it is . the chandelier bar is jaw dropping so much bling ! and omg ! you have to check out their roulette tables they ' re ridiculously cool . the table not only lights up the winning number and odds , but it also shows the stats for the four hottest and coldest numbers , the percentages for reds vs blacks as well as other things . if i ever decide to play roulette , i will hit up the cosmopolitan for sure ! of course , i would love to stay at the hotel and check out these amazing high tech rooms as well ;
2			that	comfortable	service	great	seemed	good	chair	simple no	service	poor	atmosphere	lovely	room	ready	it	full	room	great	it	ready	seemed	clean	cocktail	awesome			stayed here a couple weeks back and what a lovely atmosphere , however disappointment . the service from planning to leaving was either very great or very poor , one extreme to another , no middle ground , here are a few examples , when we checked in early we were told the room would be ready in an hour , after that hour they said another hour , then turns out it was ready until 6pm ! wth , we then missed our afternoon plans got to our room , wow what a great room until you look a little closer , very poorly cleaned . if you lifted a glass there was a ring of dust , all of the snacks had dust . my neighbor opened her drawer and found condom packages . our bathroom was half stocked , we had to call for toilet paper and they never brought it . asked for towels , never came . now the bed however seemed very clean good they focused on that very comfortable . the elevators designed poorly each time we used it took about 20 min or so because every time it came it was full . omg and the pool , wth , i never thought that prior to booking i should ask what the prices are , turns out they have very little free first come seating , it is all reserved , meaning you have to pay a min . $ 600 in food and beverage to reserve a simple lounge chair , not even a cabana , rarely anyone could afford this which means more than half was empty and nowhere to hangout . i would visit here , maybe a cocktail all the bars were awesome but i would not stay there again after this experience , not worth it .
1			highlights	new	beautiful	gorgeous	elite	young	it	memorable	elite	rich	elegance	modern	experience	bad			gorgeous , simply beautiful . modern elegance , this is for sure one of the new highlights on the strip . the chandelier breathtaking , the shops and restaurants , nightclubs , everything is carefully selected and top notch . had i not had a bad dining experience here it would be 5 stars , this is where the young , hot rich elite stays , get a piece of the pie and enjoy a stay here it will be memorable for sure .
2			chapel	helpful	flowers	beautiful	everything	special	chapel	gracious	suite	gorgeous	photographer	awesome	spoon	awesome			beautiful pop up wedding . the chapel was so helpful and gracious . the flowers were beautiful , the photographer was awesome . cake pops were yummy . the the wicked spoon was awesome for our family . the hotel suite was gorgeous with views of the bellagio fountains . lastly , the concierge made everything extra special . loved the rock shows too .
1			parking	bad			parking is really bad . 30 min only one car moved . never coming here again . parking lot is very suffocating to be waiting for ever to get out .
1			anything	formal	feeling	amazing	money	earned	companies	worst			credit card companies are the worst , our economy is really in the pits and they are making money on people like us who shouldn ' t be living beyond our means . i cut up this card and call credit one to ask if there was anything formal i needed to do in order to close the account and the representative hung up on me . i got tired of giving my hard earned money to greedy people who treat their customers so horribly . i made that mistake for too long , i don ' t want to owe anyone anything . it is the most amazing feeling of freedom to not owe a credit card company . cash is king !
1			it	dead	food	ok	i	patient	breast	huge	attitude	bad			the food is okay , but the service is bottom of the barrel . i wait maybe 15mins to even get a i ' ll be with you in a moment when it ' s seriously dead in there . even though i ' m patient and make my order they act very like i ' m wasting there time and give me pretty bad attitude . just because you have huge breast doesn ' t give you the right to talk to people like there second class citizens because i don ' t come to your bar religiously .
1			pizza	mediocre	service	slow	we	disappointed	wings	worst			slow service mediocre pizza and the worst wings ever ! we ordered for an office lunch , and were very disappointed . phoned in complaint and the 12 year old who answered phone , placed us on hold three times . they argued with us about the quality of the food . no more for us .
1			staff	nice	shave	close	edge	straight	shop	professional	shave	terrible	facility	clean	amount	significant	deal	great	part	worst			i had to go home and re shave . i scheduled an appointment for a presidential shave for my father , and a presidential shave and haircut for myself on my wedding day , with the intent of being a father son experience . we both had appointments scheduled for 11 : 00 the day of my wedding . the facility was clean , and the staff was nice . my father got in at 11 : 15 , and i got in at 11 : 45 . instead of us being able to experience it together , the same barber that shaved him shaved me . so there was no experience to be had . the worst part is , the shave was terrible . there was still a significant amount of stubble on both of us . my cheeks were shaved , but we both still had a 5 o ' clock shadow , and even after going over my upper lip multiple times it still looked like i had not shaved . i was expecting a ridiculously close shave since it is a professional barber shop with a straight edge but that was most certainly not the case . for the $ 135 it cost for the entire package , this was not worth the time or money , especially on my wedding day . i would recommend to anyone to save their time and money , and they will save themselves a great deal of disappointment .
2			meat	dry	tacos	bad no			very small limited menu , very confusing . took me awhile to find out they had carne asada . the tacos aren ' t so bad but it definitely lacked flavor . the meat was dry but they did over stuff it with veggies but no guacamole : wouldn ' t go back unless i was starving .
2			feel	confident	changes	recommend	service	great	insurance	honest	deal	great	experience	amazing			my experience with this office was amazing ! ! ! karissa just recently contacted me about my insurance which to be honest i wasnt even looking at the time and was able to get me a great deal . she really explained what coverages i had and recommended some changes for my benefit which geico had never done for me . if your ever looking for an agent to take care of your needs and make you feel confident call this office and ask for karissa ! ! ! ! once i get my finances in order ill get life insurance with her too ; very proffessional and great customer service . i am definately sending my friends and family their way ! !
1			they	horrible	ladder	tall	companies	worst			one of the worst plumbing companies i ' ve ever dealt with plumber came out , first said he didnt have a ladder tall enough to do the job , i told him he could use mine then he , went to go cut into the drywall in the ceiling , but didnt have any plastic or other coverings to put down over the furniture said he would have to come back . then , after i told him to go ahead and do it anyhow , he said he didnt see evidence of a leak ? ! ? ! clearly there was water damage in the ceiling that was extremely visable what a joke ! ! ! i told dispatch what was going on , but they didnt seem to care glad i took a 1 2 day off work for these people they are horrible to deal with .
2			location	great	studio	excellent	instructor	amazing			excellent studio ! jodi is an amazing instructor ! great location too !
2			they	awesome	people	awesome	ian	friendly	experience	great	instructor	great	experience	amazing			my experience with these people and these cars was amazing ! ! ! my instructor ian was a great instructor and very friendly . fortunately i got him for both of my races . these people were so awesome , especially the manager . my parents missed my race and my mom was bummed out that she didn ' t get to see me drive they were helping a lady who just moved to lv to find her house . my mom asked the manager if i could go again . i came over and said , mom , they are obviously not going to let me race again just to let you watch me . the next thing i know , the manager said , sure , you can drive another car , any car you want . i was grinning from ear to ear . they let me drive a car for 3 laps for free ! ! they are awesome ! ! ! thanks again guys for a great experience .
1			day	bad			i love coming in to place where i walk in they know why i want . every now and then . the staff has a bad day and it shows . they get everyone in and out with no problems . it ' s located less than 1 mile off of 215 and just down the street from the hospital . they do have specials you have to watch .
2			it	recommend	job	impeccable	jobs	amazing			i went with my friends yesterday to get a mani pedi . as for my nails , amazing jobs ! ! ! i got shellac on my toes and a french on my nails . lana did an impeccable job . my friends and i definitely will be back . i ' m so happy i found a place after moving here . from now on i ' ll be hitting up this spot and have already recommended it to others .
2			owners	original	guys	amazing	crew	original	mercedes	detailed	look	good no	guys	best	they	great	it	amazing			these guys are amazing ! ! ! i ' ve been using them since the original owners opened the place . the current owners retained most of the original crew and they are great ! ! for a car wash , i find it amazing that the same professionals are still there . i had our mercedes detailed recently , and i can tell you for a fact that our car did not not look as good today as it did when it rolled out of fletcher jones showroom 2 years ago when we bought it . these guys are the very best . they take pride in their work and it shows . they truly care about the end result . i ' ve sent several neighbors there and we all agree . why waste your time somewhere else ? come to desert car wash once and you ' ll never go anywhere else again .
1			calls	personal	manner	bad	massage	longer	guys	nasty	dust	thick	work	sloppy	pedicure	deluxe	pedicure	regular	place	worst			this place is the worst . i was a customer for 2 years . & was always dissatisfied with things but was too lazy to look for a better salon until this week ! i ' ve had enough of this place . don ' t bother paying extra money for a deluxe pedicure because you get a regular pedicure & they ' ll argue with you that you got the deluxe but you didn ' t . the deluxe is supposed to be a longer massage & my pedicure was done in 15 minutes which is not even the amount of time if a regular pedicure ! i told them i paid extra for a deluxe & didn ' t get it & they argued back that i did . the owner does sloppy work on her fills too . they rush through their work so they can get back to their phones & laptops ! they constantly take personal calls while working and they speak non stop vietnamese to each other when customers are there . they burn insense in front if their buddah statue that gives me a pounding headache . they ' ve had a few nasty male guys working here as well that had bad chair side manner but have since been fired but still employ the man that ripped me off on a deluxe pedicure . they do not clean their tools well , have thick dust on the pictures on the walls and the male owner frequently sleeps in his chair in the back of the salon . run to find another place and don ' t go here !
2			sundae	messy	service	awesome			awesome service and food ! gotta get the messy sundae ! ! !
1			service	horrible	pizza	horrible			they changed the menu ! my server tried to explain the items they no longer had . when i complained and said i would come less often i usually come twice a month my server , christopher r , decided to just walk away after chirping it was changed well over a month ago . the pizza i decided to order was horrible . needless to say based on the change in the menu and the horrible service that i won ' t be going back anytime soon .
1			battery	bad			it took 50 min for a battery with one person in front of me . they gave me a bad battery before . i went into their office for a paper and the lady in there was smoking with all the doors closed and windows shut . very very unsafe and i ' m pretty sure it violates labor laws .
2			group.the	large	service	horrible	food	tasty	courses	main	decor	awesome	food	long	ambience	awesome			the food was very tasty but the service was horrible . we had a large group . the wait time to order our food and how long they took to bring us the food was ridiculously long . asked for a side to go with our main courses and it didn ' t come till after we were finished eating . the decor and ambience was awesome . they had a lack of workers only one server and bus person for all .
2			service	fantastic	food	amazing	service	long	place	awesome			this place is awesome and served amazing food . drive thru a little long but otherwise fantastic service .
2			she	friendly	cut	love	salon	cute	she	funny	salon	like	she	awesome			i went to this salon for the first time earlier this week and am so happy i did . koryn cut my hair and she is awesome . she was so friendly and funny . i love my hair cut ! ! the salon is cute and really like that the chairs are sectioned off instead of on top of one another . i will absolutely be back to see koryn .
2			computer	new	computer	old	people	nice	job	amazing			very nice people who did an amazing job on two of our computers . one was the transfer of files from an old computer to a newly purchased one . the other computer was a laptop that was running very slow . the laptop is now running great , it ' s like it is a new computer . i am already recommending these guys to friends . they do an amazing job !
2			menu	good	potatoes	heavy	burrito	questionable	burrito	good	atmosphere	nice	latte	amazing			very nice atmosphere . not too busy so it makes getting your morning coffee relaxing when you are not fighting a line . the toffee nut latte is amazing ! ! the breakfast burrito was questionable at first but overall good . the potatoes are a little heavy , would be nice with ground sausage . there is not really a good menu that is displayed so you have to hold your face up to glass to see what they have .
1			service	horrible	color	original	salon	worst			this was the worst nail salon i have ever went to ! ! ! ! charged me $ 75 for a fill and spa pedicure , messed up my nails , and when i came back to have them fixed , they charged me to change the polish on my toes because it was different than the original color but they didn ' t charge me for my nails ? horrible service .
2			prices	amazing	service	great	place	awesome			awesome place , great customer service , and amazing prices . really friendly and knowledgeable . always helpful , never pushy , very professional . they can even order items for you if they don ' t currently stock them just ask ! will return over and over !
1			man	young	pizzeria	recommend	customer	upset	people	many	woman	young	pizza	cold	one	available	basil	fresh	experiences	bad	food	bad			first and last time i order pizza from this place . i asked if they had fresh basil for the pizza . they young woman on the phone said they did and added it to my toppings . my pizza arrived on time but luke warm if that and no basil on the pizza and hardly any cheese . i usually and i truly mean that do not complain about bad food or service but as a chef i thought they should know about my frustration . a young man answered the phone this time and upon asking for a manager i was told that no one was available and that he could help me . he proceeded to tell me that the basil was in the pizza sauce and had nothing to say about my cold pizza . i was completely at a loss for words when i hung up the phone . as a chef for over 20 years now , i know that one upset customer will tell many more people about their bad experiences versus their good . hence my decision to write this review . i will never recommend this pizzeria to anyone .
1			man	nice	internet	worst			this is literally the worst internet i ' ve had in 8 years . the man that connected the service was nice . i ' ve had it for a week and half , paying for 10mbps and consistently test at less than one mbps . i have been trying to watch a 4 minute youtube video for an hour . an hour . this is ridiculous . if they grant me my request to discontinue service i will give them another star for customer service .
2			meat	rubbery	food	fast	place	awesome			never had fast food japanese before . wasn ' t sure what to expect . got the chicken and steak combo with noodles . also comes with veggies . was ok . meat was a little rubbery . steak was better than the chicken . not thrilled with it . prob should have followed my instincts and went to kyklos greek cafe . i know that place is awesome .
2			staff	amazing	care	awesome			i ' m down 20 pounds and loving it ! adam luckette takes awesome care of me whether its diet or health . the staff is amazing ! give them a try !
2			them	recommend	transaction	terrific			recently rented a minivan to fit the visiting grandchildren . the entire transaction was a breeze plus the people on the phone , at the desk and drop off woman were terrific ! i would use them again and highly recommend them to all my friends .
2			wendy	professional	wendy	awesome			been using them for years , wendy is awesome and very professional and easy to deal with , priced very competively
1			haircut	quick	hair	crooked	it	bad			went in to get a quick haircut one morning and the stylist cut my hair crooked . i am not sure how she did not notice because it was prerty bad . went somewhere else to have it fixed .
2			house	best	it	awesome	service	great	sides	wonderful	steaks	wonderful	food	awesome			the best steak house ever . great service , and awesome food . we ' ve split the porterhouse several times , and it ' s been perfect each time . the other steaks and sides are wonderful . not much else i need to say it ' s awesome !
1			shop	closest	he	surprised	he	certain	guy	nice	friend	inclined	i	nervous	news	bad			do not go here ! ! beware ! ! ! i decided to have my car towed there in distress after my front brakes locked on me while i was driving . i had no choice being that it was almost the weekend & the closest repair shop to my house . it was late afternoon couple hours before they closed & i talked to the guy , who was really nice & assured me he ' ll check what up with my car . i know a little about cars but was really nervous knowing how mechanic shops work with girls knowing they ' d try to rip me off but he seemed to ease that worry . i had to leave my car overnight & the very first thing i did in the morning i called in to check on my car since i hadn ' t heard from anyone the night before . he told me he had really bad news that i needed to flush my brake fluid , replace all 4 rotors , break pads , hose , calipers &master cylinder ! ! ! a $ 2 , 100 repair job ? ! ? ? ! freaked out i called a mechanically inclined friend of mine told him the deal & he was even surprised & told me that couldn ' t be true & suggested i got a second opinion . i thought why not & another friend recommended i take it to master transmission automotive allllll the way in boulder city . since he was certain i have them take a look at it i towed my car all the way across the city . the following monday i got a call from master saying all i needed was a brake fluid flush & that cost me only $ 120 ! ! ! the moral of this review is that tirewors will try to rip you off especially if you ' re a girl ! ! ! it ' s been a few months now & my car runs great , not having to replace all that crap tireworks told me i needed . what a place of bs ! !
1			questions	offended	contact	acceptable no	she	rude	they	irritated	dr	caring	experience	horrible			horrible experience nearly every time i had to go here during my pregnancy . i was left with no choice but to switch drs ofcs in my last few weeks of being pregnant . if you come into contact with dr miller ' s scheduling nurse , claudia , beware ! she is so rude and was the final straw in deciding to leave this office . she should not be allowed to interact with patients . even though you have a set dr you have to see a different dr every time you go in . most of the dr ' s are condescending and come across offended that you ask questions . dr miller rarely made eye contact with me , which is unacceptable from a dr that will eventually be performing a surgery on me . it felt like a cattle call when you get in there . they want you in and out as quickly as possible . they are irritated when you ask questions . if you are looking for a caring dr this is not the place to go
1			dogs	sick	service	horrible	groomers	worst			worst groomers in town ! butcher my dogs and didn ' t even tell my family about the different packages . horrible service and made my dogs sick while there
1			i	disgusted	story	long	office	corporate	lies	acceptable	office	local	me	sick	manager	general	representation	bad			my husband and i got service from terminex that started in june 27th . long story short we made every effort for the job to be done and it wasn ' t to our satisfaction . we spoke with a manager who offered us our money back now they are claiming he didn ' t have the authority to do so . i spoke with another manager of the company yesterday and he blatantly lied to me . i am so disgusted by the level of customer service . it truly makes me sick that these people are employed here and that their lies are acceptable and as a consumer we have to just deal with it . i made this account solely to warn others of terminex . i will never in my life hire this company again or give a referral . the local office is a bad representation of how terminex should conduct business . i also called the corporate office , apparently the general manager is the only one who has say in whether a refund is given then what the heck is the corporate office for . i asked to speak with a manager and conveniently there was no one above her there until tomorrow .
1			it	sour	girls	friendly no	it	worth no	attitude	bad			the juice does not taste like the flavor you get . i got a mango drink and it tasted like plastic . the day before i got a strawberry lemon and they use lime and it ' s way to much and it ' s just so sour . the past 2 days the girls have a bad attitude and not friendly at all . it ' s not even worth the money ! ! ! ! i won ' t go there again ! ! !
1			decision	bad	feet	bad no	spot	new	pedi	worst			worst mani pedi i ' ve ever had in my life . in my search for a new nail spot i decided to try this place out wow , bad decision . this was a total waste of $ 65 . 00 . i feel as if i came out of that place just as jacked up as i was when i went in . even after asking the lady why my feet still felt hard she explained that she could not remove the callus in one appointment wth ! my feet are not that bad and that ' s the first time i have ever heard that in all the years of my monthly pedi ' s . so , ok fine i left and a day later the french tip on my toes started coming off ! horrible . what a waste of time and money ! ! !
1			look	crooked	wax	worst	result	horrible			worst eyebrow wax i have ever had . i believe the tech ' s name was logan but left in shock . my eyebrows were completely off making my face look crooked . after this horrible result , i had to go to makeup artist for them to fill them in . several people have noticed and commented about them . will never give them business again .
1			place	recommend no	band	fun	it	small	it	good no	experience	bad			without the fun mariachi band , this place would have gotten one star . while we were seated right away , we didn ' t get a server for at least twenty minutes . even tough we did get chips and salsa , we were waiting so long for service that we went through the chips and had to serve ourselves another basket . once we finally flagged down a server , we got to order . the food took at least another twenty minutes to arrive . and three of us just got the quesadilla ! now , the food . when a quesadilla is on the menu for $ 8 , it ' s typically enough for a meal . the quesadilla was one corn tortilla with some cheese and like three pieces of meat . it was so small that it made the price offensive and it wasn ' t even that good ! to add to such a bad experience , three of the five people ended up with stomach aches . i would not recommend this place at all , especially given the fact that burger bar is next door and is about the same price .
1			person	bad	massage	horrible			half star for the decor and space , half star for their customer service . the foot massage was horrible ! maybe i got a bad person but she was rubbing foot and that is not massaging ! ! i ll just say , i had much better foot massage else where .
1			practice	horrible			if i could give zero stars , i would . i have had several foot spa massages and i can honestly say this was my worst and i will never come back . they kept my party waiting for over an hour and we had an appointment . once they started on our foot detox , they kept us waiting yet again after the 30 minutes had lapsed . my friend had to call them 3 times on her cell phone before anyone came . once they came , the 3 ladies talked to themselves in chinese . very rude and disrespectful . when we were done , we went to tip and they both snubbed their noses asking for more money . horrible business practice . i will be taking my business elsewhere !
2			place	love	experience	great	tara	great	experience	horrible no			we love this place . we tried another children ' s hair salon a few months back and it was a horrible experience , not kool at all . by the recommendation of a friend i took my twins to snip a dee doo dah . it was such a great experience , both my twins have gotten hair cuts a couple of times as well as my husband . miss tara is really great with the kids , there is no more stress to go to get hair cuts !
1			news	potential	news	bad			potential bad news . . the phone number is temporarily disconnected , and the web site doesn ' t work . uh oh .
2			anything	recommend	food	tasting	i	drunk	food	cheap	it	amazing	food	awesome			i love roberto ' s when i am drunk . i hope all of you get to experience awesome tasting cheap mexican food at 4 am after a night of partying cause it ' s amazing . i recommend anything with carne asada in front of it !
1			home	loving	she	cute	staff	helpful	period	certain	puppy	adorable	idea	good	boarding	fine	everyone	nice	activity	fair	staff	friendly	staff	caring	thing	poor	home	safe	puppy	new	mix	little	owner	new	i	thrilled	vets	various	person	horrible			when i first brought home my new puggle puppy , bailey , i was so thrilled to have a dog in the house . the store that i got her from gave me a list of various vets in my area and said that if i took her there within a certain period of time i think it was a week or two for a check up , they would cover any sort of medication or treatment she needed . family vetcare was the only one on the list that was in ahwatukee , so that is where we went . everyone was very nice to me and to bailey . there were pictures all over the place with people and their pets . then i started to realize that the people in the pictures were the same people working in the office . . . very cool ! at that first visit , i found out my adorable new puppy had kennel cough and worms in her stomach . poor thing ! the gave us some medication all covered by the pet store and we were on our way . she couldn ' t kick the cough , so we had to bring her back for a nebulization treatment everyday for a week again , all covered from the store , thank goodness ! . i would drop her off in the morning on my way to work and pick her up on my way home . again , the staff was very friendly and seemed sincerely happy to see bailey . really , she is quite cute , who wouldn ' t be excited to see her ? ! i have been here several times now and the staff has been very friendly , helpful , and caring each and every time . i also used the boarding there once , shortly after her treatments . i thought it would be a good idea since she new most of the staff and i didn ' t really have the time to shop around , being a new pet owner and all . the boarding was fine , however , i have since learned that my little beagle pug mix has a lot of energy , and does better with a fair amount activity during the day . that is when we found malinda ' s for doggy day care and boarding . still , i am happy that the pet store pointed me in the direction of family vetcare . bailey and i have been satisfied customers for two years and counting . oh , and for anyone that thinks i am a horrible person for getting my dog from a pet store , i would just like to point out that even dogs in pet stores need a safe and loving home . it is not their fault where they come from . i still rescued her from that place and i would do it again .
1			bar	worst			worst bar ever bar tender had a attitude the whole time & talk shit about the bar that he worked at and the place smelt like the sewer never coming back paul and bradley
2			it	nice no	site	great	service	slow	nights	certain	service	good	choices	multiple	calamari	crispy	seafood	favorite	choices	amazing			one of my favorite seafood restaurants in charlotte . every time we have dined here , it does not disappoint . start with the crab dip , too die for , and the thai crispy calamari . as for the entrees , i have enjoyed multiple choices , lobster , tuna , and the halibut , all amazing choices ! the service was good , but a little slow . unfortunately it wasn ' t nice enough to sit outside , but take advantage of it when the weather permits , great site of downtown and they have music on certain nights . i will continue to enjoy dressler ' s !
2			publication	available	publication	best	you	interested	lying	skinny	papers	free	it	bad no			it ' s always a bonus if you find yourself sitting down in a pub or a coffee shop and see copies of the skinny lying about . compared to the double glazing ads and out of date non news you get in most free papers , it ' s journalistic heaven . compared to papers you ' d actually pay for it ' s not that bad either , it ' s a bit up it ' s own arse at times , but if you ' re interested in what ' s going on slightly left of centre in the music , film , media and art scenes across scotland , then it ' s probably the best publication currently available , free or not . granted , some of the content an writing will appeal only to the most insufferable arseholes who bore you senseless by wittering on about the latest no mark band they ' ve found on myspace , but even taking that into account there ' s plenty of reading to be had here .
1			food	tasty no	resturant	like no	chicken	raw	one	worst			i really did not like this resturant . i went in the summer and they did not have an a c . most of their food is spicy so you will sweat like a pig . the food was not tasty at all . i have been to a lot of chinese resturants and this one is certanliy the worst . the soup smelled like a raw chicken which was so discusting . sorry but thisbis the truth .
2			kameez	elegant	food	awesome			awesome food affordable and oh so delicious . my friend and i often make the trek from murrysville to the strip just to indulge . one thing you can count on is people of all walks of life dining here : the pakistani women in elegant shalwar kameez and matching hijab , the recent migrant from jordan , dressed in jeans and a t shirt and hanging out with his buddies , and the pittsburgh area foodies who have been turned on to this place .
2			prices	best	place	awesome			this place is awesome . it is the costco of booze stores . we went in for one mini keg and came out with a cart full of goodies . this place has the best prices i have ever seen in the states .
2			stuff	awesome			awesome stuff !
2			deal	great	sushi	horrible	location	awesome			the sushi was so horrible that it was the first time i had to return sushi in my entire 15 15 year sushi history . it is truly not a sushi place they are in a awesome location and i believe it gets a great deal of business because of location not taste .
2			food	raw	they	best	atmosphere	great	date	blind	recommendations	love	food	cheap	menu	affordable	food	awesome			i have to say when it comes to stingrays sushi and service , they are the best . some reviews on here talk about the price of the rolls but why on earth would you want to be eating cheap raw food ? their menu is affordable especially during happy hour and the food is awesome . my server , bri was suggesting items to my blind date who was a sushi virgin and he loved her recommendations . overall great atmosphere and sushi at stingray !
2			place	great	speed	slow	attitude	lazy	food	good	drinks	good	bands	great	attitude	interested no	place	amazing			great place to go . good drinks , good food for a pub and great bands coming to play there . amazing place to watch hockey . some of the staff are weird sometimes uninterested lazy attitude and slow speed but they are ok most of the time .
2			castle	new	service	speedy	place	busy no	look	good	light	amazing			went in with a group on monday around 1pm . the place wasn ' t busy at all , so i was expecting service to be pretty speedy . wrong ! we waited almost 10 minutes for our drinks to be delivered . one persons drink didn ' t even come , so after another 10 minutes of our server being nowhere , he magically appeared and ordered him another one . 5 minutes later , i personally had to go grab it from the bar because our server was nowhere to be found again . after ordering , it took about 35 minutes for our food to come out . a buddy and i split the blue cheese sliders and the hangover fries . the sliders came out with no blue cheese on them and the fries looked and tasted like they had been sitting under the heat lamp for about 10 minutes . and again , our server was nowhere to be found when we needed drink refills and to ask about the food . to top it off , a few in our group decided to sit at the bar after our meal and wait for our ride to come . we all ordered beers from their amazing craft selection coors light , blue moon , dos equis , alaskan amber , new castle , perroni . wow , those all sound like domestics to me . as we were drinking our beers , we noticed that the bar was swarming with fly ' s ! everywhere ! flies and gnats were on everything ; the plates , glasses , bottles , the beer taps . this place is to be avoided at all cost . it may look good on the outside but everything on the inside is messed up . this is coming from someone who has worked a while in the food industry . service 1 . 5 5 food 2 5 cleanliness 1 . 5 5 atmosphere 3 5
2			brunch	best	place	love	food	amazing	he	fabulous	thing	little	server	attentive no	he	attentive	him	love	food	awesome			love this place . went twice can ' t wait to go back . my first experience was better than the second but second time wasn ' t bad at all . the first time our server was ken and he was fabulous . my girlfriends and i absolutely loved him . i ' m a server so i notice every little thing , he was very attentive , fast , engaging and just the best . and very attractive . haha . the food was awesome ! the breakfast tacos , the breakfast potatoes and waffle amazing . best breakfast brunch place ever and the bloody mary awesome . the second time i went the food was amazing . but the server wasn ' t as attentive , he seemd preoccupied with haning out with his co workers . but i can understand that . : love this place !
1			doctor	worst			this place deleted my last review . but you should all be warned before coming here so i ' m rewriting a summary . worst doctor i ' ve ever been to . the technicians put their hands on you without your permission and it take the doctor 30 minutes to just sign a piece of paper cause everyone that works for him is an idiot . i was literally there for 3 hours . thank god my insurance has other places that i can go to cause i refuse to torture myself with this crap place ever again .
1			quality	good	reviews	bad			printing is good quality , and it should be for the amount you pay . do not deal with adam . he ' s an ass and knows nothing about customer service ; very smug and confrontational and does not listen to the clients needs . after several bad reviews from friends i have stopped recommending this place to friends and have found several other services with the same quality for cheaper .
1			peppy	standard	seemed	annoyed	peppy	fresh	this	recommend	it	delish	service	awful	staff	bad	fries	top	attitude	awful	chow	slow	peppy	clean	service	bad			thought i would enjoy it quite a bit better than i did . barstaff right off the bat we sat at the bar , in the food for some conversation , that usually comes from the bartenders at any place , however after having two menus thrown down with out anything being said , it started off very unwelcoming . without the help of , what seemed to be the manager , the bartender girl never said one word to us except see ya as we got up . the manager did everthing from take orders and make drinks , but seemed annoyed like she didnt want to be helping the obviously slow bartender chow & grub truffle parm fries were tastly , but take off the top ten fries and it looked like the bottom of the barrel , just crumbs and bits . my guy ordered the samburger which he devoured , literally , breathe baby ! ! so thumbs up there ! i oredered the roasted chicken salad , that comes with pomagranate seeds and goat cheese . it was delish ! i would high highly recommend this . the look standard clean fresh peppy , fox place , nothing stand out . clean and fresh . good looking staff . : break it down jess given the greatness of my salad i want to give this more stars but the bad service and attitude was just too awful . it seems like a fun and fresh yes i have said that place and didnt pull its weight with such bad staff . the salad could be gotten elsewhere .
2			servers	great	service	great	place	cute	it	hot	i	hungry	atmosphere	fun	atmosphere	lively	thing	bad no			ok so i have now tried this place 3 times and i hate to say this but i prob wont be back again : the service is great , the atmosphere is fun and lively but it is hot in the restaurant and the food is not yummy . i have sent back food , packed it and just threw it away at home and or just ate it because i was so hungry ! ! the food always takes a long time to cook , which isn ' t a bad thing because u know its being made fresh but then to wait that long and then not like the food . ughhh . so sad because this place is really cute and the servers are great ! !
2			staff	accommodating	spots	favorite	food	fresh	service	awesome			awesome service right off the bat . the food is fresh and served quickly . very accommodating staff for when speciality meals are requested . really nice 1 2 off happy hour too . one of my favorite spots ! !
2			plates	hot	menu	normal	quality	highest no	i	fine	restaurant	good	chicken	sour	divide	big	preference	personal	courses	main	chicken	good	divide	like	chicken	sweet	duck	crispy	i	pleased	chicken	old	thing	good	prawns	deep	it	bad no			like the big divide between cat people and dog lovers , i think that there is as big a divide between those who favour chinese food and those who prefer indian cuisine . my personal preference is indian and i could live without chinese so take that into consideration when reading this if you are an avid chinese food fan . jimmy chungs chinese buffet it does exactly what it says on the tin . this restaurant is good if you want a s ! u00a3 $ lot of food fast ! as soon as you walk in you ' re handed a plate and in the middle of the room there are bars with hot plates of food ready for the taking . they have one bar with starters , a couple dedicated to main courses , a sushi bar , desert area including a chocolate fountain and even an area serving eastern food like chicken nuggets . this place offers just about everything that is on a normal menu in a chinese restaurant , if not more ! from good old sweet and sour chicken to crispy duck , from oyster in black bean sauce to deep fried prawns . i was a bit wary of trying the seafood however i ' m pleased to report that i was fine the next day if not still full from my four plates load that i demolished the night before ! ! ! the good thing is you can help yourself and have as much or as little as you want and no one will think bad of you because lets face it , everyone piles their plates as high as they can at these sort of places ! at u00a36 . 49 per adult and u00a34 . 49 for kids at lunch times , u00a310 . 99 for adults and u00a35 . 49 kids at dinner time then u00a311 . 99 and u00a36 . 99 at the weekends it isn ' t too bad ! not the highest quality of chinese food but at this place you really can ' t complain .
2			it	lame	we	thankful	service	great	deal	big	buffet	busy no	buffet	worst no			this wasn ' t the worst buffet i ' ve been too but it ' s got a spot near the top . we took the tour bus trip and gn is one of the stops . needing lunch , we thought it best to eat at the hotel since he bus comes around every 45 minutes or so . we found the buffet , not a line , not too terribly busy . i paid with my credit card and was seated . i ' ll get back to the credit card later . the food was ok . it was food . we were thankful to not starve but it was a step above cafeteria food the kind you were dished up as a kid . but it filled us up , service was great . later that day i checked my statement and $ 2 was added to my total . so i ' m thinking someone wrote in a $ 2 tip on the tip line . because i know the price of the buffet , i know what i authorized and i was charged $ 2 more . i didn ' t call , i didn ' t make a big deal out of it . i just thought it was lame . want more tips ? work harder . much better food in lv for the price , never again .
1			manager	busy	manager	general	club	horrible			this club is horrible . regardless of have they present themselves the club and their business practices are nothing but criminal . double check the agreement they have you sign . they say one thing but your agreement says another . and if they ' re is a miscommunication none of the minions they employers have the authority to make any type of accommodation . plus the general manager was too busy working out which just made my decision to leave all the more justified
1			it	horrible			not happy , got there at open to get a meatball sub , i hope i got yesterday ' s marinara sauce , i hope they would not serve that crap . it was horrible . if that ' s you standard change it , i wasted my money and will not be back .
1			gesture	small	service	respectful no	places	good	one	positive	food	good	employees	busy	experience	bad			i used to be a fan of the deli , but not anymore . while the food is good , the service is just idiotic and completely disrespectful . you ' ll wait at the counter for 15 minutes while 3 employees ignore you and are too busy catching up on their tasks , forgetting that a customer is not a disturbance , but the reason for their job . a bad experience could turn into a positive one with one and only small gesture : let me know it will take a while or take 1 minute to take my order , so that i know you ' re not just wasting my time . what makes other ' s order so much more important than mine that you cannot even talk to me ? ? ? this is not the first time that this happened it just gets worse each time enough to scratch it off my list of good places . i ' ll just go down the street a few blocks to roma deli instead .
2			hopes	high	food	cold	space	great	tables	empty	burger	great	space	awful	part	large	space	awesome			had really high hopes for this restaurant . great space but the dining experience was awful . there were plenty of empty tables and it still took an hour to get our food which was cold by the time it got to our table . too hungry to send it back and too aggravated to wait longer for it to be corrected . a large part of the problem appeared to be the management . servers were bussing their own tables . there was no hostess so servers were having to seat tables , too . there were people waiting at the door and servers were just walking past them without saying a word . a couple of times , we saw a man who looked like he may have been an owner or manager . he didn ' t interact with customers but walked up behind servers to bark an order never offering to help . too bad about the food and service . a total waste of an awesome space with very cool d u00e9cor . the next time we ' re in that area of town looking for a great burger , we ' ll go to pinky ' s .
1			odor	bad			i originally booked my stay in vegas here at ballys . after check in i went to the room and i couldn ' t believe the bad odor of cigarette smoke . i called the frond desk and they seemed put out that i wanted a different room . after waiting two hours i told them that i was canceling my stay and decided to go to a different hotel casino .
2			she	friendly	bit	little	thoughts	grand	anecdotes	funny	latte	awesome	me	hate	espresso	sweet	she	awesome			when i ask , what kind of milks do you have ? and the barista responds , what do you mean . i immediately think a they only have one kind of milk and b the barista hates me milk life . however , when i replied , like non dairy milk options and she went , yeah ! we have 1 % , whole , skim , rice , almond , soy i was temporarily perplexed , but mostly just relieved . not only was she totally friendly , but proceeded to chat up my friend and i , sharing funny anecdotes and sarcastically grand thoughts on the restaurant business . i would even go so far as to say she was downright awesome in those five minutes . i ordered an iced almond milk latte , which was also downright awesome , and the espresso was sweet and nutty maybe a little bit like the barista ? either way , i ' ll be back for more of both . and next time , i ' ll just ask for the almond milk .
1			reviews	great	gentleman	rude	advertisement	false	i	excited	they	dead	customer	worst			worst customer service ever ! ! ! ! i had gotten a flyer in the mail on 5 28 and was excited to try this place after all the great reviews . on the flyer they advertise that they close at 9 : 00pm i called at 8 : 00 pm and was told by a very rude gentleman that they were closing early because they were dead when i asked to speak to a manager because i thought that it was false advertisement that they were closing an hour earlier than what was advertised i was told that that the manager wasn ' t there and it wasn ' t his problem since he didn ' t make the advertisements . i will never order food from this place just because of their customer service .
2			it	thin	tries	many	's	rich	pizza	large	it	good no	pizza	bad no			i ' ve given this place many tries , plus , my mom thinks they are from heaven , so she orders their pizza a lot . the pizza is not bad . it really isn ' t . it ' s just not good either . the price of one large cheese pizza is 13 $ plus tax , 16 inches . it ' s very thin , and looks kinda blah . there ' s really no flavor to it , it ' s just , bland . as for the price , i personally think it ' s too much for what you get . i can drive down the street and order a an 18inch cheese pizza from mark rich ' s for 16 $ , that is far tastier for the extra 3 $ .
1			drinks	weak	drinks	cheap	ashtrays	dirty	bar	worst			worst bar in arizona ! ! ! can not get waited on , and bartenders very unfriendly . drinks are weak , but cheap . dirty ashtrays everywhere . this place would not survive outside of the casino .
2			it	great	it	worth	deal	awesome			awesome deal ! ! ! ! i got this this past weekend and it was worth every penny . got to eat about 4 buffets and it was great .
2			holes	big	cheese	creamy	concoction	amazing	potatoes	delightful	addition	nice	space	awesome			how did i live so long in a world without a donut menu ? i just don ' t know . my group of nine dined on three varieties of donuts including lemon lavender , chocolate espresso and zeppolli the most amazing peppered donut concoction ever made . each donut order comes with five donut holes , but they ' re big holes , so one or two is enough . i can ' t believe i just said that . that ' s not even a little true . you ' ll want an entire order to yourself , but save room , because the best is yet to come . i chose the omelette of the day as my entr u00e9e . couldn ' t tell you what all was in it , but the goat cheese was as creamy as a goat ' s cheese . the salad was a nice addition and the potatoes were delightful if just a touch underdone . we were seated downstairs which was pretty frigid , but an awesome space nonetheless . warm up the joint a bit and it ' s five stars all the way . i can ' t wait to visit e2 again for dinner they serve donuts , right ?
1			hopes	high	flaky	light	it	rare no	it	hate	dish	bad	compact	heavy	duck	worst	compact	dense	puree	edible	dinner	easy	duck	glazed	it	weird	it	rare	side	good	restaurant	upscale	cheese	flavorless	medium	rare	duck	wonderful	something	like no	color	bright	skin	crispy	taste	fine	flaky	airy	server	attentive	color	weird	it	like no	manhattan	tough	part	worst			arriving late to pittsburgh , i decided to make dinner easy by just going to the fairmount ' s in house restaurant , habitat . i went in with high hopes based on the descriptions on the menu , but was sorely disappointed by the meal . i started off with the bourbon meringue cocktail , which i thought was going to be a mistake when i ordered it , but my curiosity got the best of me . i can ' t honestly say i hated it , but i didn ' t like it either . it was just weird . i followed that up with a manhattan , which is pretty tough to mess up . it was basically a bit of bourbon and what tasted and looked like cherry grenadine . it had a weird bright reddish color to it and places in the bottom end of manhattans i ' ve had in my life . for the food , i started with the roasted beet salad , basically some chunks of beet , chunks of goat cheese and a couple pieces of frisee . the taste was fine , i suppose , but there was no finesse to the dish and the goat cheese was largely flavorless . for my entree , i went with the honey glazed duck , described as follows : duck confit and goat cheese puff , wilted arugula , pear , pur u00e9e of carrot and orange . i ordered it at the suggested temp of medium rare . i can honestly say it was the worst duck i ' ve ever had at an upscale restaurant as opposed to duck in a take out thai dish . it was not medium rare . it was rare , if not blue . it lacked the crispy skin that makes duck so wonderful . and it lacked flavor . the puree was hardly edible as it was barely present on the plate . despite all these missteps , the worst part of the plate was easily the puff . when i think puff , i think light , airy , flaky . this was heavy , dense , compact . i think there was a crumble of goat cheese in it . i will say , though , that my side of brussels sprouts were good . now , to be completely fair , my server was attentive and receptive to me when i told her about the problems with the dish , which i usually don ' t do even when i don ' t like something in a restaurant . the duck was taken off the bill without any fuss , which was not my goal in pointing out how undercooked it was . i also didn ' t give them a chance to take another shot at it , which might have changed things . every kitchen has a bad dish now and then . this was one experience on one night , but i thought it worth sharing .
2			layout	difficult	floor	busy	hint	helpful	place	great no	it	difficult	arrival	great	outfitters	urban	bits	quirky	species	new	shop	cool	i	worried	arrival	new	one	cool	style	distinct	it	bad no			i must admit i was a bit worried when i heard that edinburgh was going to get an urban outfitters in 2009 . if you know anything about edinburgh , you ' ll know that there is a distinct style , that of the ' yah ' . hence why my heart sank a bit at the thought of urban outfitters edinburgh would get an entirely new species of yah the cool one . but you know what ? it ' s not so bad . urban outfitters has always been known for its edgy fashion and quirky bits n bobs . rather than feel out of place in this ultra cool shop , i felt quite at home ! the layout is a bit difficult to navigate the ground floor is always busy yet the first floor , which is also womenswear , is never busy and all the dressing rooms are up here . helpful hint don ' t go here on a saturday , there ' s just no point . the tills are also not in a great place , the queue clogs up the shop floor and it ' s difficult to move around . but overall it ' s a great new arrival to the princes st brigade .
2			burgers	amazing			amazing burgers . get off the strip and try them out .
1			it	awful	it	cool	flavor	awful	shui	good	it	like	food	bad			the only reason this got 2 stars is because i gave them a star due to the look of the place . they spent some time decorating it and trying to have good feng shui and i can appreciate that . ah , but the food . it was awful . i can ' t remember the last time the food was so bad . unfortunately i can ' t remember the name of the burger i got but it was purple . yes , purple . i actually thought it was pretty cool until i took a bite . the flavor , the texture , everything about it , was just awful . i literally couldn ' t force myself to take another bite . some of you out there may like it but i will never , i repeat , never eat there again .
1			service	worst			worst service ever by rob and the manager . just asked for no chili mayo and i get a give minute speech about i better not have allergies or they can ' t serve me . the manager needed me to confirm i can eat everything in the burger and then substituted the fry dip even though my friend could eat it .
1			service	worst			worst service i ' ve ever gotten . mcdonald ' s has better manners than the girl serving us . it took a minute to get our food which she couldn ' t get right . and who fills my sprite with water ? i ' ll never go back . this place went to garbage quick .
2			version	spicy	it	simple	version	traditional	it	nice	slices	chunky	ideology	certain	factor	savory	staff	warm	music	fun	it	healthy	dishes	favorite	description	brief	foods	common	factor	sweet	slices	nice	staff	friendly	factor	delightful	seemed	endless	foods	creamy	regions	certain	dishes	delectable	you	familiar no	friend	enthusiastic	grease	common	kimchi	good	none	decent	it	delicious	it	sweet	koreans	proud	foods	favorite	it	true	experience	enjoyable	food	delicious	way	easy	it	bad no			it is nice to have a friend that is as enthusiastic as you are about a cuisine . that is what i have found with katrina m . being friends for as long as we have , you tend to sync on certain ideology and preferences , for us , that would be korean food . after coming back to las vegas after being gone for two years , my dietary needs and what my stomach can handle has changed quite a bit . for the first month , i was unable to handle all the grease and creamy foods that are so common in our everyday diet . there is a reason why koreans are so proud of their food , it is healthy and delicious , not something other cuisines can boast about . so katrina m . and i ventured off on our quest to find delectable dishes that would stand up to what i had been eating in korea . i know everyone says that food in the origin country can never be duplicated and it is true , but soyo does a decent job none the less . while going over the menu , if i remember correctly ; the names of the dishes are in korean with a brief description in english . this makes it a little difficult to become accustomed to putting a name to what you are eating . if you are not familiar with korean food already this will provide a challenge if you decide to go to a different restaurant . the day that i went , my food buddy left me in charge of ordering . the possibilities seemed endless as my eyes darted to all the korean in search of my favorite foods . sadly , a majority of my favorite dishes are not served in any of the korean restaurants i have visited . it was time to suck it up , stop pouting and order . we ordered the kimchibokeumbap , the korean equivalent to how the chinese have fried rice . it is simple and an easy way to get rid of an abundance of leftover ingredients . i would say that it was not bad at all , i enjoyed soyo ' s version . the only downsides i can find with it was that it was a little sweet and the only distinguishable ingredients that stand out in my mind was the pepper paste and fried egg . it definitely needed a little more variation in texture . i would have loved to see nice chunky slices of kimchi and lavers in it . i don ' t even remember if they had any in there . the second item we ordered was the maewoon galbijjim ; a spicy version of a soy sauced based steamed beef ribs . the first thing i noticed was how tender the meat was . it separated from the bone as soon as you scooped it up with your spoon . the aroma took me back to korea , but that was dashed as soon as i took a bite . there was no kick to it at all . the sweet and savory factor was delightful , but not what i had wanted . it was delicious , but it made me think of a friend in korea that i had debated with about which version was more traditional . i seceded from that argument with my tail between my legs . i found out that the style that i favored is a specialty of certain regions . overall the food is delicious , the kimchi is good , the decor reminiscent of a much cleaner version of what you can find in korea , the staff warm and friendly , and the music is fun . it was an enjoyable experience from beginning to end .
2			food	bad no			i will never go back to soyo . the food actually was not that bad . however the service was deplorable . they just don ' t seem to care . we even had korean speaking people at our table and their lunch was ruined because of the service .
2			place	love	restaurant	good	songs	awesome	food	awesome			love love love this place ! awesome food and they play awesome songs ! so happy there ' s a good korean restaurant in the southwest area . don ' t need to drive to china town !
2			what	like	jalapenos	sliced	dumplings	flavorful	it	nice	it	spicy	dumplings	fat	it	bad no			i just polished off a few things and i ' m actually having a hard time figuring out what i liked most . ordered the #34 per another user ' s recommendation and it is pretty not bad definitely spicy ! enjoyed the pan fried dumplings fat and flavorful ! very tasty definitely a re do . and ordered the #56 salt and pepper shrimp . wasn ' t sure what to expect with that one , but it ' s basically tempura shrimp with sliced jalapenos on a bed of lettuce . good enough for me i topped my noodles with the extra roughage from the shrimp and kept going . i ' d go on , but i really need another drink and something to keep my nose from running it was nice and spicy , oh so worth it . will be going back to explore more options !
1			soup	delicious	noodles	chewy	they	huge	broth	bland	restaurant	best	they	cheap	broth	light	reviews	bad			you haven ' t eaten here yet ? ! ? what are you waiting for ? ? the best noodle restaurant , hands down . don ' t listen to the bad reviews of bland broth . duh , see the condiments on the table ? use them . the soup is delicious . chewy , slurpy noodles in a light broth with your choice of meat or plain , served with spinach , cilantro and green onion . i can never finish an entire bowl , but get to have them for lunch the next day . ohh the dumplings . best i ' ve ever had and they are huge and cheap . very casual , good service but not hovering . we go at least once a week or more !
2			seemed	acceptable no	party	huge	it	worth no	part	worst no			i went here for a bachelorette party last weekend and had a terrible time . the bachelorette had made the dinner reservation two months in advance but we still had to wait over an hour to get seated . i would have understood more if we had been a huge party , but as there were only seven of us , this seemed completely unacceptable and , unfortunately , that wasn ' t the worst part . once we were seated and had ordered , they dropped one of our entrees on the floor and completely forgot to bring another one out . after complaining to the manager numerous times , we ended up getting some of our bill comped , but it wasn ' t worth the stress for what should have been a celebratory dinner . i won ' t be going back here again .
2			bartenders	fun	concept	creative	bartenders	amazing			always a blast when hanging out here . it is a very creative concept with the specialty drinks and fun atmosphere . all the bartenders are amazing and fun . most certainly will return !
2			sliders	recommend	calamari	good	they	amazing			came here a few weeks ago for their happy hour 3 7pm mon through friday in the bar area . $ 5 stoli martinis on thursdays ? yes please . we also got an assortment of apps , all very reasonably priced from $ 3 7 . i highly recommend the sliders , they were amazing ! calamari was good , but not mind blowing .
1			it	gross	yesterday	unique	yesterday	fun	process	unique	experience	bad			this review is strictly on the food . i went to which wich yesterday and the ordering process was very unique and fun , but the sandwich i had was nothing to write home about . i had a meatloaf sandwich under the comfort classics or comfort food category and it was gross . the meatloaf was absolutely devoid of any flavor and just tasted like a flavorless ground beef wad . i mean , i had cheeses and other spices that should ' ve enhanced the meatloaf , but how can you enhance flavors when they are absent ? no salt , no pepper , no ketchup coating , nothing ! i ' m not going to give up on which wich just because of this first bad experience , but it failed for me this go around .
2			it	boring	it	overpriced	stuff	good	it	best no	menu	online	plate	excellent	decor	weird	it	good	food	good	half	available no	artwork	weird	place	like	it	bad no			be warned their online menu is not accurate and probably half of those things are not available anymore . this was really disappointing to me . i was part of april ' s party and she clearly paid more attention than i did so i ' ll just add my 2 cents . we tried this place based on a recommendation from my russian realtor . i tried the stroganoff and it was ok not the best i ' ve ever had but it wasn ' t bad . oh and the rose nectar vodka that stuff was good but man it packed a punch . i tried some sort of dumpling thing what april mentioned , i think and it was *really* good . i wish i had ordered one of those just for me . i tried the bread side dish the description was similar to bruschetta but it was boring and overpriced . that dessert plate the waitress brought with the pastries was excellent . those alone are reason to go back . the decor is weird it looks like a bunch of tables taken from peoples dining rooms . and the artwork is really weird too . overall i liked this place . its laid back and has current music playing in the background . if you ' re looking for upscale this is not the place to go . if you ' re looking to hang out and have some good food its worth a try .
1			smell	bad			the place smell so bad with smokers , we have to leave right away .
2			burgers	greasy	appetizers	good	burgers	gross	food	horrible no			not worth it . we wanted to eat at cp ' s buffet but it was being remodeled so we settled for this place . the appetizers were good we had popcorn chicken & buffalo shrimp but the burgers an reuben wrap were pretty greasy and gross . the food isn ' t totally horrible but definitely not worth what they charge for it . don ' t bother .
1			selection	bad	bar	worst			this was the worst sushi bar i have been too in the charlotte area . it ' s bad selection of sushi is matched with its service . please avoid if possible . nikko is better
2			it	amazing			you have to try the steak tataki . it is absolutely amazing ! !
2			price	reasonable	rolls	awesome	sushi	great	quality	great	sauce	awesome			i went to pisces for the all you can eat lunch yesterday ! the sushi was great quality for the nature of what you were expecting . the nigiri sushi was great . my favorite was the shrimp tempura role . the egg rolls and sauce were awesome and my favorite ! all of us were satisfied and the price was very reasonable at $ 14 . i will be back ! the only downside was service was fairly slow
2			i	impressed	soda	classic	owner	helpful	you	new	it	awesome	owner	friendly	soda	awesome			wow ! so a friend introduced me to this place and i have to say , i ' m quite impressed . my first time there , after perusing the menu , i got a single gyro burger . it ' s as awesome as it sounds ! my friend and i ordered two combos , a 6 pack of their awesome classic soda collection and some chili cheese fries . the portions will fill ya ' . the owner is very friendly and quite helpful if you ' re new to the menu . i loved pop the soda shop and it moved all around az until , i guess they closed . i don ' t know if they merged or something , but they have everything they had there . all the sodas ! i ' m introducing another friend of mine to the place next week ! i can ' t recommend it enough !
2			rare	med	med	ordered	views	amazing			first of all the place is just beautiful , views are amazing . i recommend having a drink on the balcony and going else where for dinner . first of all the service is slowwwwwwww . once the beautifully looking food arrived we starting eating . three of us ordered steak , one ordered med , came out med rare , two ordered med rare , both came out med to med well . halibut also came out over cooked . i would have loved to share this with the waitress , but after the food was dropped off she never came once to check on us . will definitely not be back .
2			chicken	decent	it	good	soda	regular	carnitas	best	it	edible no	asada	salty	flat	terrible	tasted	flat	seemed	annoyed	taco	worst no			we first saw chronic tacos in la , but never got the chance to eat there . so , when i heard there was one in vegas , my brother and i sought it out . the only way to get there from my side on town the sw is to risk your life via several roundabouts . i ' m a skilled driver , but i despise those things . we made it in one piece without incident , phew . now give me food to calm myself . not able to decide on what i wanted , i ordered three tacos : fish , carnitas and carne asada . my brother tried the chicken and carne asada . we were the only people in the restaurant and the staff seemed highly annoyed by our presence . i grabbed a diet coke from the soda machine and it tasted terrible , flat yet it tasted only like seltzer . i couldn ' t drink it . i don ' t do regular soda so i was out of luck . i dug into the tacos . the fish taco wasn ' t the worst i ' ve had , but i wouldn ' t call it good . edible . the carnitas were the best of three . the carne asada was so salty . i about died . it was inedible . my brother agreed on the carne and thought the chicken was decent . i couldn ' t believe i risked my life on the roundabout deathtraps for this ! leaving , i was forced to gamble again . a few close calls , but we made it home safely . thank goodness , i would not want chronic tacos for a last meal .
1			faces	familiar	it	awful	costs	bad			my wife & i use to eat here every day 2 years ago ! this morning i brought my daughter to lucys bar & grill she had hotcakes & eggs , i had the $ 9 . 99 steak & lobster tail they served it to me cold , i sent it back to be reheated & it was awful ! they told me they ran out of veggies & baked potatoes this place has slid downhill ! i don ' t see any familiar faces , its too bad but i almost called the health dept . avoid this place at all costs !
2			breakfast	regular	drinks	cool	food	good	restaurant	amazing			pretty cool drinks and good food ! was craving breakfast , but got there a few minutes after 12pm and had to stick with their regular menu breakfast is served 6am to 11am , which doesn ' t make any sense in vegas , but oh well , i am not the one to judge : and a candy store in front of the restaurant amazing :
1			spot	horrible	food	horrible			after eating at the kogi truck in la , i was stoked when i saw this truck set up in lee ' s parking lot . how incredibly disappointing it was . this will set back korean food for generations . and don ' t try to eat there during the summer . there is no shade , no misters , nothing . just horrible food in a horrible spot .
1			service	humble	truck	shiny	seasoning	yummy	taco	sad	tortilla	warm	taco	cold	guy	nice	i	disappointed	hopes	high	review	bad	things	new	tortilla	tasteless	opinion	honest	feel	bad			i was driving down lake mead with my sister and nephew and did a double take on this shiny red truck in front of lee ' s discount liquor . well , i ' m a sucker for trying new things and i was on a food truck high just having recently discovered fuku burger that past week . so , even though i was on my way to lunch i busted a u ee and decided to have a taste . the operation is a one man show and the guy was nice enough . so kudos to the humble service . however , i can ' t speak too much about the food . i was pretty disappointed . granted i had high hopes from the look of the truck and the overall concept of fusion food , the korean and mexican flavors didn ' t quite well fuse . i ordered the pork taco and well it tasted under seasoned and the tortilla was just tasteless . i was hoping for more flavor from the meat and maybe even just a warm tortilla would ' ve have done wonders to add something to this very sad cold taco . i really didn ' t even finish it . i feel bad giving such a bad review , but hey it ' s my honest opinion and i wish hanshik taco all the best and perhaps he ' ll try and put some more pizzaz in his food . the only reason i gave 2 stars is because the seasoning on the fries were pretty yummy .
2			it	like	anything	amazing	experience	amazing			if only this place was closer to where i lived ! anything with the word bulgogi here is amazing . i had the burgers and it was just an amazing mouth watering experience ! it ' s kind of like if roberto ' s met a hole in the wall korean joint . you have got to try this place !
1			stage	small	salty	ok	meat	salty	they	good	curb	bad			first impressions hard to park at , bad curb cut into and out of lot . watch your bumper . weird set up on inside , fence in doorway , small stage , erratic seats . why is the menu board not above the the kitchen behind the register like every other restaurant in the world . food got it to go , expensive compared to similar sandwiches everything 6 bucks or more . sandwich meat was ok , super salty au jus , ten minute wait , i ' m assuming for the onion rings . they were good . overall just ok
1			food	mediocre	place	horrible	selection	wide	service	bad			this place was just horrible . why would you make customers wait 10 15 min before telling them that you dont have what they ordered ? service was bad , the food that we did receive was mediocre at best . they offered a wide selection of food but about half of their menu was out of stock . seriously , how do you not have eggrolls ?
1			felt	compelled	establishment	horrible			the service was abominable . didn ' t have what i ordered and didn ' t reimburse my credit card . food was aweful . don ' t fall for the picture menu . doesnt look anything like the pictures hinted . i hardly give any reviews but felt compelled to do so for this horrible establishment . you have been warned . avoid at any cost
1			it	busy no	line	correct	service	horrible	service	bad			i used to go to lee ' s in irvine , ca all the time as an undergrad and had to make a lil ' nostalgic trip on through while in china town . the service at this location was horrible . i waited in line only one in line for five minutes before i kindly asked if i was in the correct line . the cashier told me yes , and continued what she was doing . when she was done she said you can order and wasn ' t even looking at me or standing at the cash register . i ordered and was charged more than the menu price so i questioned why , she told me because i ordered a large . i pointed out the large was less than what i was charged and she shuttered oh um , they changed the prices which would have been fine had that had been her reasoning in the first place . it wasn ' t even busy . and that is the only way i forgive bad service guess i ' ll only go to lee ' s in ca
1			channel	awful	items	bad	taste	decent	look	nice	people	loud	service	poor	lighting	dirty	place	like	things	many	lighting	bad	people	obnoxious	look	modern	closet	little	area	bad			i really want to ' like ' this place but i just can ' t . there were so many things wrong with this hotel motel that out weighed the good . most of the complaints from other yelpers are pretty legit . the rooms do look nice & modern , but it ' s so frickin dark ! i couldn ' t even see my clothes hanging in the one & only dinky little closet . they need to purchase a few extra floor lamps . the hubby and i spent 3 nights here . it wasn ' t our choice of hotel but all his cheapy friends were staying here so it was our only choice . good : addiction restaurant decent taste , prices & portions rain showerhead cabanas in the pool area free wifi bad : poor service manure all over the grassy areas whole place smelled like sh*t pool & jacuzzi was dirty bad lighting in the rooms free 80 ' s porn channel was awful just one channel 69 loud obnoxious people chatting outside our room at 2am i ' m sure there were more ' bad ' items but i just can ' t remember right now . . in a nutshell , don ' t bother with this place .
1			bathrooms	nasty	teenagers	bad	pizza	greasy	lettuce	old	pizza	mediocre	sign	bad			first bad sign is they didn ' t have milk for our 3 year old . second bad sign only one other family there . third bad sign teenagers running the place sitting around texting and talking . pizza was mediocre and greasy . caesar salad was made with old lettuce and all hearts . honestly not impressed with it at all . i would rather eat totino ' s party pizzas . the bathrooms were nasty , toilet paper sitting on the toilet and the sink was falling off the wall .
1			service	suck	experience	bad			went to this place today and the service sucked very bad experience and left them a message and they deleted my post did not serve us because color of our skin very racist treatment today
2			property	rental	job	great	he	honest	job	awesome			andrew came out and did a great job . he spent the entire day working on our rental property . we were expecting the worse news and he was honest and did what was needed . i will call this company for all jobs that we need ! awesome job !
2			price	decent	burrito	small	fish	tender	smell	nasty	smell	fishy	taste	good	burritos	amazing			ordered a small halibut burrito crazy good . the fish was so tender and didnt have that nasty fishy smell . make sure you put everything in the burrito hold off on the jalapenos if you cant take spicy . it was a decent price , and definitely very savoury . the portions arent as ridiculously large as chipotle , and taste just as good , if not better . chipotle is probably healthier though . but amazing burritos overall ! !
2			something	special	place	great	ambiance	cozy	selection	great	filet	petite	cocktails	great	ambiance	intimate	dates	stuffed	food	amazing			the food amazing . the ambiance dark , cozy and intimate . service cool , but not very impressionable from what i ' ve experienced . drinks great cocktails and great selection of pitchers of mojitos and sangrias . come here for cocktails with friends . great place for a date night with the lover . celebrate something special here . compared to the other location on paradise this place in bigger , better and convenient since it ' s in my area . favorites : chorizo and clams 5 star stuffed dates wrapped in bacon 5 stars veggie empanada 5 stars petite filet 5 stars shrimp ceviche 4 stars carmel flan 4 stars red sangria 5 stars try all of them ! you will fall in love with this place .
2			dresser	old	he	professional	way	long	he	cool	dresser	vintage	job	fabulous	professional	awesome			david is the man ! he is awesome , professional , and did a fabulous job . what else would you want in a painter ? i had david refurbish paint an old vintage dresser . he helped me select a white linen paint and his expertise went a long way ! the dresser came out looking retro , clean , and fresh . it was exactly what i wanted . he is also very reasonably priced . all the other quotes i received were over $ 300 more than what david charged . he is also cool to chat with and is trustworthy . pretty much as good as it gets !
1			places	wonderful	name	bad			this place is what gives mexican food a bad name . the stuff tasted like it came out of a cafeteria after it was reheated . i had to go to a taco bell afterwards just to wash the taste out of my mouth . with all the wonderful mexican food places in town , i dont know how this one stays in business .
1			part	worst			ordered pasta with mushrooms , asparagus and a cream sauce for takeaway last night . that ' s exactly what i got no salt , pepper , or any herbs spices cheese . the worst part was that the asparagus and mushrooms were canned .
2			thing	favorite	staff	friendly	staff	knowledgeable	food	tasty	bar	amazing			my favorite thing about republic is the decor ! the bar is amazing . the food is very tasty , and the wait bar staff is friendly and knowledgeable . although i really enjoyed my dinner i had the salmon , i wish that there had been more entrees to choose from . you have to try the mac & cheese , and i got to steal a bite of my friend ' s lobster pot pie mmm ! my friends and i stuck around after dinner for a drink and some wii bowling . they also have a pool table upstairs . although it is a little far from my neighborhood , it is definitely worth the trip .
1			food	ok	options	free	kids	little	desert	vegan	bc	bad			went here with our groupon and was very excited bc they have gluten free options . there was no hostess and 2 waitresses who just looked at us . so we kept standing there with two little kids until we finally decided to seat ourselves . our waters never came . once the food came , she never came back to the table . they were out of the gf vegan desert . and apparently we accidently ordered outside of the groupon menu and were charged for it . i asked her why she didn ' t mention this to me when i was ordering and she just kinda mumbled . took forever to get our bill . no one said goodbye to us . it was awkward , too bad bc the food was ok .
2			bbq	amazing	place	great	dawg	amazing	smoker	big	staff	friendly	smoke	liquid	skins	amazing	bbq	real	nachos	amazing			this place is great ! ! friendly staff and quality bbq ! this is real bbq , not the stuff they throw in an oven and soaked in liquid smoke . heck , the big honking smoker is right there so you can see the food come right out of it . in addition , the hawg dawg , potato skins and nachos are all absolutely amazing . wash it down with a pbr in a can and i am a happy girl ! as for the illinois bbq comment below , they aren ' t from il so not sure what he ' s talking about . also , just for clarification , bbq started in the south but not in the southwest ! ! this is amazing bbq and worth the drive ! !
2			area	spacious	area	fun	item	great	shelf	top	food	good	portions	fair	interior	beautiful	selection	diverse	staff	friendly	interior	clean	thing	best	specials	amazing			my first visit here , and it did not disappoint . food was good and had fair portions . staff was friendly and informed us about happy hour specials $ 3 cheese crisps amazing ! and $ 4 matta ' s margaritas . interior is beautiful and clean . displayed at the front door is their march 2014 county health inspection grade : a . dining area is spacious and inviting . cantina is a fun area with sports on the tvs . my party ordered a diverse selection off the menu , and each item was great ! will definitely be coming back . since top shelf on southern closed , this is the next best thing maybe better .
2			portions	small	flavors	amazing			nobou presents itself as japanese tapas . the flavors were quite amazing the portions , even for tapas , were quite small however . we ordered 6 plates and 2 beers and walked out with a $ 120 bill . it was quite a treat but the price was somewhat of a turn off .
2			salad	great	textures	interesting	use	great	fish	amazing			great tataki salad . great use of fruit and interesting textures in rolls . amazing quality fish
1			misogyny	bad	seats	interesting	decor	cool	abuse	domestic	it	pricey	place	good	way	good	sexism	bad			i would have given this place 3 stars based on a handful of visits , cool decor and some interesting swing seats . it seems like a good place for a date , although from what i remember it was a bit pricey . i ' ve thought about returning , until i heard that the bar management thinks jokes about domestic abuse are a good way to sell drinks and bring in business . now i know there is no need for me to return . sexism and misogyny are bad for business .
1			them	recommend	they	available	i	blind no	experience	horrible			horrible experience more than once . gave them a second chance and on another car and same thing . didn ' t do work they said they did alignment . did this to my friend as well . replaced window and tint and the tint was obviously a totally different shade and they said it wasn ' t . i am not color blind . like everyone else , my insurance company recommended them . either they have some hook up going on or they actually are the best available and in that case god help us all getting body work done !
2			st	nice	it	right	person	quiet	it	central	decor	love	st	little	guard	friendly	person	friendly	room	awesome			ahh yes , the cabana suites . pretty awesome room , i loved the decor . honestly , i picked this place just for the room decor ; you don ' t really spend much time in hotel rooms in vegas anyway ! it was a little off fremont st , which was nice so we didn ' t have to listen to white trash drunkards all night . it was right across the street from the el cortez where we like to gamble , so that made it central for us . the front desk person was friendly yet quiet and the security guard that stood at the front of the building was always friendly . not really any qualms about this place at all . don ' t know that i ' d stay here again just because i have vowed to avoid fremont st any time i ' m in vegas now . . it ' s changed . .
1			staff	bad	staff	rude	location	worst			this is the worst location in vegas . they always screw up my order , the staff is rude , and the owner actually tries to get in arguments with you about his multi level marketing business . the owner is a douche and his staff is just as bad .
2			location	delicious	it	amazing			this location is so stealthy , but equally delicious ! it ' s amazing to have fish like this in the middle of the desert . don ' t forget the ocean salad to go with your ahi poke !
1			it	decent	flavor	distinct	review	bad			i hate to give a bad review but i tried this place twice . my first visit included a variety of appetizers . i had the crab ragoon , a sushi roll and a side salad . it was decent , nothing i couldn ' t live without , but checked out the rest of the menu and planned on coming back . . the second time i purchased the galbi to go . i was disappointed with the amount of meat on the beef ribs as well as the lacking of a distinct flavor . i will not return unless someone drags me .
2			items	savory	pancakes	phenomenal	patron	chilly	menu	expansive	fruit	fresh	eggs	less	whites	plentiful	veggies	fresh	omelette	typical	it	nice	food	amazing			after my first visit , i fell in love with jj ' s delicatessen . everything is made to order with quality ingredients . my boyfriend and i stopped by one sunday morning for some breakfast . everything on the expansive menu sounded delicious . jj ' s serves breakfast skillets , eggs , pancakes , french toast , omelettes , pastries , etc , lunch and other savory deli items knish , challah . place your order at the counter , grab some coffee and find a seat inside or on the patio . i ordered an egg white greek omelette with fresh fruit and a whole wheat bagel the options included potatoes or fruit and bagel or toast . my honey had two eggs with fruit and a side of buttermilk pancakes . our food arrived within minutes of finding a spot on the patio . what impressed me most about jj ' s is the quality of the food . when ordering an egg white omelette you ' d expect less eggs and more veggies than your typical whole egg omelette . not so at jj ' s . the veggies were fresh and the egg whites were plentiful . i finally found a place that caters to my health nut tendencies without skimping on quantity or flavor . did i mention the buttermilk pancakes are phenomenal ? jj himself was helping customers , busing tables and even moving in heating lamps for the chilly patron . it was nice to have our needs met by the owner himself . amazing food , service and down to earth atmosphere . i will be back !
1			carry	ridiculous	experience	horrible			horrible experience . fly any airline except spirit . 3 hour delay . cramped seating . although in retrospect my previous spirit flight was delayed 6 hours . even though i knew about it the carry on fee is ridiculous . will always fly southwest from now on !
1			nothing	available	they	horrible	airline	worst			the worst airline ever ! ! ! i didn ' t even fly with them and they were horrible . i had an emergency so i had to take an earlier flight with another airline btw b c they had nothing available . when i contacted customer service to see if i could exchange the flight i would ' ve understood a cancellation fee , the told me that i forfeited my flight and could not get a refund or exchange . so basically they stole my money . never again ! ! !
1			it	dry	it	skimpy	sauce	flavorless	place	recommend no	it	overdone	it	bad	it	bland	stars	negative	sandwich	dry	guy	awesome	food	dreadful	menus	multiple	parts	burnt	quality	poor	choice	worst			after having multiple menus sent to our home , my wife and i thought we would give this place a shot . it was the worst choice we could ' ve made ! ! the food was absolutely dreadful ! ! my wife was craving a pastrami sandwich so i went to the restaurant and proceeded to order the pastrami with cheese , along with their brother ' s sub and an order of garlic mozzarella bread . we first tried the garlic bread and it was so bad that we ended up throwing most of it away . the cheese was cold and barely melted , and it was of poor quality and very cheap tasting . the marinara sauce that accompanied the bread was flavorless . the pastrami sandwich came with some fries but was bone dry and they did not give us any condiments like mustard or ketchup . honestly speaking , the footlong pastrami at subway blows this sandwich away by a mile and it ' s cheaper ! ! ! i had the brother ' s sub , which supposedly had chicken fingers , bacon , ranch , and something else . . but like the pastrami , it was dry as dry can be and very bland ! ! it was pretty skimpy for a sub and it was also overdone because parts of the sub roll were badly burnt ! the box that it came in was overfilled with fries as to give the impression that the sandwich had more weight to it . a trick easily spotted by savvy foodies ! ! ! overall , i would not recommend this place to anyone ! ! ! ! if i could give it negative stars , i would do so ! this place was much better when it was bella lynda because the younger guy who made the pizzas back then was awesome , but i ' ll never go back to this place ! ! !
2			place	great	bartenders	awesome	food	great	bar	full	bar	awesome	genoa	amazing			genoa is amazing ! ! ! i ' ve been in pittsburgh for a couple of weeks for work . i ' ve gone to genoa just about every one of toes nights . great food no matter what you order , and an awesome full bar as well . amanda and ashley are awesome bartenders . if you ' re in the area , this is a must stop . seems like a great place to watch football , go chargers , or the penguins game ! thank you amanda , ashely , and billy for making me feel at home out here in pittsburgh ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! i ' ll miss you 3 .
1			sushi	worst			sorry to say but they have the worst sushi i ' ve ever had . atmosphere is hip mostly for younger crowds . way over price !
1			service	bad			bad service . i asked the lady if they still stamp cards for buying smoothies and says yes . i handed her my card and she throws it back to me . not hand back she threw it back ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
1			area	active	guy	tall	i	busy	lady	young	donuts	particular	service	bad			picture this . monday 5pm . i finished shopping at sam ' s . dying for a cup of coffee and a donut . drove to the dunkin donuts across the way from sam ' s . gee , nobody at the counter . waited for somebody to come out . called out , hello . no response . i called out again , hello , hello , you have a customer here . no answer . took a look into the back and saw that there was a young lady taking care of the drive thru . yes , they have a drive thru . a drive thru for better service ? for better efficiency ? to handle more customers ? hmmmmm . what about the customer who has been in your store for 4 minutes without so much as an answer from anyone ? ? ? ? finally , looking toward the back i see a tall , olive skinned guy open a door . i say : hi , i would like to order . he says , i ' m busy right now , can you wait ? kind of in a gruff manner i say : ok , ok . i really wanted that coffee . with that he comes to the front , grabs two donuts and goes to the back without saying one word to me . i wait another 2 minutes alone , in silence , in the front . waiting 2 minutes can seem like an eternity especially when for 7 minutes there has been no service . i decided to leave and get my stuff elsewhere . it baffles me that in this economy , a store would let a customer walk out without a purchase . so , no coffee purchase , no donut purchase , no treats for my family from dunkin donuts . this particular dunkin donuts is located in a very active shopping area . that is what is saving it . i predict that with such bad service , in my case , no service , there will be declining sales or a closing of its doors . the arrogance of the clerk , ignoring me knowing that i was there after speaking to me , and walking to the counter area without as much as a look in my direction , tells me that he has no interest in making this store a success . walmart is steps away and they sell donuts too 50 cents cheaper per donut than dunkin donuts . wake up dunkin donuts management . wake up future customers .
1			sausage	cold	bun	cold	service	worst			reviewers said order pretzels and hotdogs . ordered them excitedlywaited . then twenty minutes later was told they were out of both . on a sunday at 6 . with six people in the place . worst service ever . . shift change and was forgotten in the process . had to go to bar and ask for drinks then for the check . turkey sausage was cold and on a cold bun . very disappointed . . never again !
2			service	awesome			i have try this place again today sunday night and the service was much better . getting served by the gm awesome service and food .
2			reviews	bad	entree	love	tea	love	garlic	spicy	min	bad no			i haven ' t had a problem with this place so far so i don ' t understand the bad reviews . i do usually order take out and it takes between 15 min to 45 min which isn ' t bad . i love their spicy garlic entree and bubble tea . will continue to order take out from here .
1			food	terrible	reviews	bad			stay away stay away stay away i ignored the bad reviews . . . i found the attitude over powering . . i found the food terrible . . . i am warning you . . . stay away
2			burger	awesome			awesome burger and fries .
2			panang	stellar	it	hotter	food	amazing			amazing food , the kind of place that knows you by name certainly me , i eat their food every week , usually more than once ! , and they aren ' t afraid to bring the heat . i go between thai hot and a 4 5 i notice that it ' s hotter when i ' m in person , and can ' t go wrong with the pad siew , pad thai , or any of the curries the panang is stellar . oh , and they deliver !
2			naan	worth	it	hard	it	confusing	it	crowded	place	small	system	effective no	itself	worth	tandoor	tasty	fries	awesome			super tasty ! the naan itself is worth a trip to this place for lunch or dinner . the rolls are super filling and now they come with these awesome tempura fries ! if you choose rice instead of naan to accompany the entrees , the portion is rice is huge so be prepared . lunch gets busy and this place is kind of small so it ' s sometimes hard to find a seat . and when it ' s crowded , it can be a little confusing for the server to find your table to deliver food to you , as someone else said , the system for order delivery is not exactly the most effective . but the tasty tandoor made breads makes up for it !
2			experience	great	company	best	baby	old	roy	awesome			this is the only service that i have had a great experience with since moving to vegas four months ago . roy the plumber is awesome . i ' ve used him twice . soooo nice and he goes above and beyond . update so now my air conditioning decided the day it was 102 degrees to stop working . jeremy came to the rescue and now my house is polar again . i had called after hours someone is always there as they answer 24 7 and he said first appt . was friday . this was tuesday , so i cried like a 40 year old baby and they fit me in the very next day . thank god . this company is the best . i wish they did more things !
2			location	great	manager	best	staff	friendly	food	great	people	great	event	awesome			great food , great people . the staff is very friendly . the networking event was awesome . guest were networking and passing out their business cards . located in westgate , it is a great location surrounded by stores a water fountain and more . the store manager cody is the best . . . .
1			bars	surrounding	size	intimate	view	great	seat	bad			i ' ve really enjoyed every show i ' ve seen here . there isn ' t a bad ' seat ' in the house . with the overall intimate size of the amphitheater , even lawn seats have a great view . my wife and i went an hour early for the latest visit and had a great time at the surrounding bars and restaurants . will definitely come back to see more shows here .
1			boutique	high	selection	bad			bad selection & owner wouldn ' t even look at items i brought in to sell because she wasn ' t accepting anymore at this time . she also ordered lunch on the phone in front of me when i entered the store . not the way to run a high end boutique !
1			parking	horrible			horrible parking . if you need to have breakfast ? plan to wait for a long time .
1			place	new	life	short	sign	open	items	little	seemed	annoyed	vibes	bad			today i decided to get in my car and try a new place for lunch . i was originally headed for la paloma , but when i walked in all of the chairs were up on the tables . having been in food service at one time i hate to go in right at closing so i decided to go elsewhere , though they assured me it was no problem . the time is 3 : 20 . in the same strip mall i spot hamburger haven . their sign says open , they have no hours posted , but there are people inside . i decide to try it out . i walk in to order and wait while another group gets its food then commences to ask for a bunch of little items that keep the guy busy running back and forth . he finally got around to asking me what i wanted . not friendly , maybe a little annoyed . i order the food . i can see the guy cooking grumble in the back . i ' m thinking to myself , what ' s so hard about a cheeseburger and onion rings ? i am not feeling welcome . the food came out . not bad at all . nothing great , fried stuff , but decent all the same . i ' m sitting there eating , trying to tell myself the bad vibes are my imagination when a third guy appears behind the counter . he looks out at the people in the restaurant , frowns a little , then marches to the front door to flip off the open sign . ah , they were closed i guess . i suppose that is why the employees seemed annoyed . i have an idea for this place . if you want to close at a certain time post a sign with your hours . also , remember to turn off the open sign . finally , if you don ' t want to serve someone just let them know . it will probably annoy them , but they might try you again in the future . with thousands of restaurants in the city life is too short to put up with an attitude of any kind .
1			lol	good	lol	bad			i go here enough that the staff already know what i ' m getting . not sure if that ' s a good or bad thing lol
1			stop	fast	reviews	dead	mom	local	i	ready	greeting	indifferent	reviews	fantastic	place	good	service	slow	food	rubbery	b	new	service	bad	food	poor	bad	bad			2 words : truly bad ! my fellow yelpers have never let me down before , so i was so ready to eat here . all these fantastic 5 star reviews had to be dead on , right ? i looove a good breakfast place and enjoy supporting , local mom and pop family type operations , so i was definitely looking forward to naming babycakes as my new b ' fast brunch stop . never mind . so awful all the way around that i will not even go into all the details . the entire experience was a loss it started from the indifferent greeting barely a look up in our direction from the hostess at the podium cashier desk in front followed with painstaking slow service and then topped off with cold , rubbery food thrown on a plate . the bad service was not offset by the equally poor food , or vice versa . and what is with the grunge slime in the iced tea ! how hard is it to brew tea ? that should have been my sign to leave befor even attemtping to eat . bad , bad !
2			tasted	old	it	dry	macaroni	boiled no	we	disappointed	things	good	taste	gross	tasted	good	substance	watery	salad	disgusting	adobo	good	things	many	liquid	tasty	meal	crappy	looked	amazing			we heard so many good things about this place so we decided to try it . the menu looked amazing and we came hungry . i ordered kalua pig benedict and my husband ordered adobo fried rice with mac salad . both were not good at all ! the kalua pig benedict was kalua pig and cabbage benedict totally gross no taste from the kalua pig and the english muffin on the bottom was soggy from water if it was soggy from like a tasty liquid that would ' ve been different but it wasn ' t . the adobo fried rice was junk . if you are from hawaii and know good adobo fried this was not even close . we thought aloha kitchen afr was junk this was worse . the mac salad was disgusting to say the very least . it had no taste and the macaroni tasted old . it was like soaked not boiled macaroni in a watery white substance . i gave this one star because we also ordered the red velvet pancakes and although it was a little dry it did taste good . we also got a side of zippy ' s chili which was about an ounce for $ 2 . 75 that tasted good like zippys chili so our bill came out to $ 47 and some cents and we were very very disappointed to have to pay that much for such a crappy meal .
1			chicken	mushy	reviews	good	kind	special	par	generous	reviews	terrible	ingredients	good	veggies	tasty	slices	huge	favors	bold	fans	big	ingredients	fresh	onion	raw	poori	stale	version	worst			sub par would be generous . we had pani poori , mutter paneer , and chicken tikka masala . we ' ve eaten a lot of indian food and are big fans . all three of these dishes would be described as the worst version we ' ve ever had . pani poori the panis were stale and came with stew instead of the tasty veggies that dish is supposed to come with . chicken tikka masala the chicken was mushy from having marinated in salt water for a long time , and it had huge raw onion slices on top . the mutter paneer was a special kind of terrible . it tasted like frozen peas saut u00e9ed in expired skim milk , with some store bought paneer thrown in . service was gruff , including a manager i guess manager he was kind of doing expo who accusingly asked are you done yet ? as we sat there with only our water glasses waiting for for the check . i have no idea how this place has 3 . 5 stars . reading the reviews , you ' ll notice that all of the terrible reviews are from people who know indian food . all of the good reviews are from people who begin with things like i ' ve never had indian food before , but i sincerely hope that those people get to try good indian food fresh ingredients , bold favors some day , because corriander emphatically is not it .
1			food	fast	burgers	flavorless	waiter	concerned	burgers	greasy	food	acceptable	place	worst			i ' m not at all a discerning diner , but i couldn ' t make it through a quarter of their greasy , yet somehow flavorless burgers . the waiter was unattentive and not at all concerned about whether our food was acceptable . i might as well have eaten the napkins . save yourself the trip and visit a fast food restaurant for a better experience . i was really looking forward to the food , but it ended up being the worst place i ' ve ever eaten at .
2			place	love	feel	guilty no	food	average	meal	bad	ambience	nice	places	best	service	amazing			i love this place . one of the best places in town . which is absolutely amazing due to the fact it is owned by the same company who owns olive garden . service has always been amazing . food is usually above average . ambience is nice . i have never had a bad meal . due to the meals only having 475 calories , it makes the experience so much better for those who like to eat , and not feel guilty .
2			shrimp	deep	orders	full	tea	great	dessert	good	hummus	like	tacos	like	looked	awesome			not wowed . we started with bruschetta board . blt lettuce , tomato and a few pieces of bacon , clunky to eat , nothing special . chicken salad i think i have bought this at costco . hubby liked both hummus . we had full orders of the fish , shrimp and pork tacos . there was one deep fried shrimp for each taco , skimpy . not enough meat on the pork tacos . i really liked the fish tacos . we also ordered a beef tamale . disappointing , not enough meat or spice . the santa marta dessert was very good . the flower tea was great . i wish we would of been there after 3 , the happy hour menu you looked way better then the lunch menu we had to order from . the stuff we saw delivered to other tables looked awesome .
1			decaf	old	coffee	worst			i stopped here for my first time and ordered a mocha . it tasted like pencil shavings and was over priced . i recommend going anywhere else for mochas . the worst coffee shop i have ever been in . the week old decaf at circle k tastes better .
2			service	excellent	notch	top	service	amazing			always excellent service the food is amazing too , but the service is top notch and keeps me coming back several times a week ! :
1			wtf	like	they	hard	they	old	it	bad	i	disgusted	service	horrible			most horrible customer service ever . this is a location connected to a subway , and i should have known it would be bad as the subway people had to whistle to let the guy there know he had customers . i was looking for donuts , and the guy sighed that i was taking too long . he was texting someone in the back prior . he took my order rushing me , and then he took my money and rushed back to his phone in the back . my sister was there going to pay for her own and he left back to the back before he would take her order . needless to say , she never got her donuts or coffee . then , another woman came in and waited and waited and waited while he was cleaning in the back clearly in view of any customers . i was so disgusted by the donuts that i had to put them back . they tasted like they were at least a few days old and hard . finally he came back out to help this woman , and he was on his cell phone for several minutes ! she kept waiting while he talked on his phone , then another woman came in . they visibly stared at each other like wtf until he finally got off his phone and started to help them . i will never ever order from this winchells if i see this man there again . this happened at about 8pm thursday night 10 04 .
2			taste	wonderful	dumplings	terrific	it	perfect	chicken	terrific			made it back for a full fledged dinner . had the shepherd ' s pie it was perfect for this kind of evening just enough comfort without being overwhelming and had a wonderful beef forward taste . also sampled the chicken and dumplings which was also terrific so nice to be able to taste the chicken gravy sauce was again flavorful without overwhelming the dish . came home satisfied but not feeling like i don ' t need to eat for a week .
2			part	solid	tape	clear	products	great	it	cool	wrap	new	service	great	wrap	awesome			i ordered and received the most awesome roof wrap for my mini cooper s . it was a tie dye peace sign , and mike and hannah included a perf version for the sunroof area that matched up perfectly . i emailed and asked about installation and they advised having a pro do it . i did , and it turned out great ! although it was only guaranteed for 1 summer , i still have the perf on the roof it ' s faded , but still cool , although i had to peal the solid part off last year . as soon as i take it off , i ' m going to plan a new wrap for aesthetic creations to design for me . fyi , for no cost , they sent me clear vinyl tape to finish off the perforation area , so that it would not peal going through car washes , etc . . great products , great service , great after care !
1			staff	rude	pizza	worst	staff	new	place	suck	ache	worst			this place sucks do not go here . staff is rude . hire a new staff cuz they all have sticks up their ass . they dont answer their phone to anyone ever . how are u even supposed to order a pizza ? this is the worst greasiest pizza in the world . you will have the worst stomach ache from their poisonous food . no wonder they never answer their phones . this place deserves zero stars . yuck
2			experience	fun	feel	comfortable no	way	wrong	experience	amazing			what could have been a fun and amazing experience was surprisingly disappointing and frustrating . be prepared for sassy punk kids to help you gear up and get off the zip line . rude and unhelpful ! ! they make you feel very uncomfortable and basically talk down to you . one kid literally got mad at be because i was holding my harness the wrong way . he yelled at me saying we told you not to touch it and then proceeded to over tighten it . would not do it again . there is more fun to be had elsewhere .
2			inside	amazing			the inside is amazing ! ! ! ! @# $ % & them for their cover , and not having an atm or a situationlike vintage where they escort you to the bartender . they serve em up strong here though . definitely a place to get messed up at . especially if you are on the molly . their demographic is ghetto , wanna feel , be , try , and get ghetto . we call this place the school of cock . for a reason .
1			attitude	worst	experience	bad			i had a very bad experience with the female owner . . she has the worst attitude ever and acts like you are bothering her . . you smile in her face and she looks like she is going to hurt you . . i then paid with my debit card and she charged me $ 1 for using it . . i was overcharged to top it off but decided to never go back . . she made me feel like i was bothering her by being in her salon . . i wanted to ask her to lose the attitude but decided to leave it alone ! !
1			i	allergic	c	horrible	felt	bad	day	bad	service	great	manager	horrible			i had great costumer service with the girl behind the counter , however the manager was horrible ! maybe he was having a bad day but he didn ' t even look at my face when i asked to substitute an ingredient he just said : no ! i just wanted slices of avocado instead of cheese i am allergic to dairy yeah , i wasn ' t asking for much here ! ! ! the girl even thought he was talking to himself or something and she asked him again and he said another no ! he said i had to pay for it which i gladly did cause i don ' t mind paying . 50c but he kept looking over the girl ' s shoulder to make sure she charged me . then , asked her again : did you charge her for the avocado ? ? ? omg ! ! ! i don ' t mind paying ! ! ! he treated me as if i were stealing avocados and he treated the girl as if she was going to god forbid forget to charge me . 50c horrible for a chain to have a manager like that ! i felt so bad that i decided to walk back to the hotel to eat there instead of eating in the restaurant .
1			it	fun	brand	big	you	familiar	that	like	selection	largest	store	nicest	it	clean	it	nice	condition	horrible			this is probably the nicest bl store in the valley . first of all , my husband and i really like this shopping center , period seriously could spend hours here . we went here a couple weekends ago , to browse . you know what that means , you end up shopping , haha . this store has probably the largest selection of furniture . i spotted two pieces that i really like , by ashley furniture yes , that big name brand that you ' re familiar with both pieces were $ 250 each , not bad for a chaise lounge and a recliner . it was fun testing them all out . it ' s nice to see that there is more than just microfiber furniture available we can ' t have that , ever one of my dog ' s hair would be all over it , in like ten minutes . about 1 4 of the store is dedicated to furniture alone . everything is organized very well . the aisles are in order you know , how annoying it is when the merchandise is all over the floor scattered not like that here . it is very clean here i don ' t know why some stores are in horrible condition . this is probably my favorite from the chain of discount stores . i found a greeting card , two assortments of stickers , and a bag of guacamole chips , for $ 7 . this is why i like these stores bargains galore .
2			breads	sweet	kitchen	open	they	smooth	they	efficient	view	full	it	amazing	food	amazing			wow just had dinner here tonight and it was so amazing . i sat at the bar with full view of the open kitchen . watching them prepare the food was like watching a pit crew in nascar . they were smooth and efficient . the food was even more amazing ! ! beet salad heirloom tomato salad octopus sweet breads rooster sous vide
1			service	awful	service	worst			worst service ever . . because we literally had no service at all . saw the reviews but seriously if no one greets you after 8min . left . service was awful
2			bar	empty	hostess	interested	food	great	tables	empty	items	wanted no	food	tasty	waitress	awesome			on this visit i came alone and a bit later than i would have liked . there is no denying that the food is great but i am back to concerned about the service . my waitress who i have had several times was awesome . but the bar was empty , several empty tables and i was told a 10 to 15 minute wait . it took the hostess a very long time to seat the empty tables and my wait was closer to 25 mins bar was still empty when she took me there . i was served quickly . however the plate looked like a train wreck . no grapes as i have come to expect here , they obviously haven ' t scrubbed the grill between orders as there was much grainy char on the plate . the servers seem to use the bar area to drop stuff on menus , unwanted table items etc and the buckets that have silverware and napkins at the back of the bar had a layer of dust on the back edge . seems like a loss of revenue to not have the bar full of payomg customers instead of empty and full of mislaid items . my suggestion either a assign a waitress to the bar that can handle it and a table or two or b maybe get a bus boy or hostess who is maybe interested in becoming a server to take just the bar . you lost 4 tables of 2 to 3 people while i waited and probably more as i ate . again food is really tasty but the inconsistencies will lose customers . cary runs her butt off to make sure customers are taken care of .
2			night	special	sauce	delicious	tot	rosemary	i	pleased	they	dry	pork	pulled	sauce	sweet	they	tender	they	overcooked	putty	silly	side	fantastic	tots	rosemary	food	like	tot	flavored	counterpoint	good	looked	amazing			i ' m no ' cue expert , but i like food , so i ' ll toss in my two cents . i had the rib tips a special last night . they were dry and a little overcooked , yet still miraculously tender . they were sauced to perfection not glopping off with every bite , but yet a good counterpoint to the dryness of the meat itself . i ate every last bite with enthusiasm . the sauce was sweet and tangy and dark and everything i want from barbecue sauce again , perfect with the meat . the special came with a side of rosemary tater tots , which were fantastic . i accidentally dropped one into the paper container holding the remainder of the ribs , and let ' s just say it was a happy accident the sauce and the tots got along just fine . dipping a rosemary flavored tater tot into delicious bbq sauce it ' s just like i invented silly putty up in here ! anyway i was filled and very pleased with my meal for $ 6 . 50 i can ' t wait to try the pulled pork , but from what i could see the different specials looked pretty amazing so who knows what i ' ll order and from that , concoct ! upon my next visit . @ritewaycatering on the twitters , by the way
1			foods	good no	foods	expensive	restaurant	worst			this is my first yelp review . i ' m writing this review because : it ' s not every day that you have your worst restaurant experience ever . mine happened in this restaurant , chinatown , las vegas . 1 . dirty i meant really nasty 2 . no service at all 3 . foods are not good and expensive . do not go to this restaurant ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
1			person	knowledgable no	place	horrible			this place is horrible . the sales person was not knowledgable at all seemed like he was just making stuff up . we went in because of a 50 % off sign the salesmen refused to give us any discount even close to 50 % . when questioned , he told me i should learn how to read signs ! well , on the way out we saw it again clearly stating 50 % off . i ' d stay far away from this place .
2			recovery	nice	chips	free	shrimp	little	she	apologetic	flavorful	super	sign	giant	way	love	nachos	love	chicken	average	options	delicious	balance	great	shrimp	chewy	tacos	ok	flavorful	amazing			i love nachos so i was super intrigued by the giant sign that i saw from the freeway and i like the name . my bf and inwent there on a wednesday areoundn8pm and there were only about four other people in the restaurant . we were sat and starting looking at all the delicious nacho options on the menu . we decided to split the enchilada nachos , street tacos one shrimp , one chicken and one carne asada and the tortilla soup . the only issue is that by the time we decided what we wanted we still had not been greeted and it had been about fifteen minutes or so . after the server finally came over she was very apologetic and gave us free chips , salsa , and guacamole . she also comped our drinks nice recovery . the tortilla soup was amazing super flavorful with great balance of chicken , broth and tortilla strips , the best i have had in a really long time . the tacos were ok carne asada was a little chewy , fried shrimp was good but the flavor was overtaken by the tortilla and the chicken was average . now the nachos great ! i loved the way that each bite had stuff on it , i hate when restaurants put everything on the top so when you get to the bottom you just have a pile of chips . we even had stuff left over and used some of the chips from the chips and salsa . i also liked how the nachos were served on a skillet keeping the hot and crispy for longer . i will definitely go back !
2			everything	fresh	place	cool	atmosphere	awesome			really really cool place ! i got the shrimp over noodles dish , and my friend got beef over cattle . everything is so fresh and the atmosphere is awesome ! i ' ll definitely be back very soon !
2			presentation	great	concept	great	cocktail	awesome	atmosphere	cool	taste	great	watermelon	awesome			really cool atmosphere . i had the watermelon rose cocktail , which was awesome ! , and the albacore tataki . the appetizer had a bit too much dressing , but the concept and presentation , and the taste , was great ! definitely a cool place to grab a drink or a meal after shopping .
1			reviews	satisfied no	service	horrible			this place has horrible horrible customer service ! and this was from the store ' s manager ! our office staff orders from them on a daily basis and i myself order at least $ 50 worth of food when i do so they ' re definitely losing out on that since i ' m now calling the other location close by to place my orders . i wish there were other places that delivered in my area . haha looking at the other dissatisfied reviews for this location it sounds like the manager at this location has major customer service issues ! i ' m seriously considering calling corporate wondering if that would even do anything ?
1			drive	long	pharmacy	horrible			the pharmacy is horrible ! ! ! i ' ve been there twice in the last week and a half and i don ' t know why i even try anymore . i brought a rx to be filled at 6 : 30 and was told it wouldn ' t be filled until the next day because they ' re too backed up . this happened both times . the wal mart on ocotillo can fill them in less than an hour , it ' s a long drive for me , but worth it . even better yet , go to walgreen ' s instead !
1			chimis	ok	seemed	attentive no	restaurant	recommend no	jeans	fine	cream	thick	food	spicy	queso	hot	he	friendly no	chairs	high	food	like	salsa	spicy	nachos	plentiful	ones	little	prices	good	hatch	spicy	quality	good no	service	attentive no	food	mediocre	seemed	concerned no	hatch	crisp	service	good	quality	good	service	bad			went in with the hubby and the kids . we have 4 kids , 2 in high chairs so the 5 min wait was no problem . what was a problem was that the minute i sat down , one of the benches in the front ripped a hole in my previously perfectly fine $ 50 jeans . i told the hostess who seemed not very concerned and apparently the manager wasn ' t told as i requested . after being seated , it took several minutes to get a server , including water to go with the too spicy salsa and beans . we ended up getting several appetizers because of the happy hour special . we had the nachos , mini chimis , the hatch chili cheese crisp , and the queso dip . our server seemed very inattentive and not at all helpful . he was not overly friendly , could not keep up with water , and forgot the side of beans we requested for our little ones . which means we had to go home and feed them because eventually we just said forget it ! all of the food was mediocre and was barely worth the half off happy hour price . the hatch chili cheese crisp was even too spicy for the hubby who likes spicy food . the chimis were ok , the jalape u00f1o cream was too thick . the queso was hot , although it tasted like it came out if a can . the nachos were plentiful , but seemed like the beef was not good quality . overall with the hole in my jeans , the bad , inattentive service , and the mediocre , too spicy food , we will not be back . i would not recommend this mexican restaurant . if you want good service , good quality , and good prices , go to manuel ' s about 2 3 miles east on mcdowell .
1			i	comfortable	it	worst	it	horrible			major disappointment ! first of all , i requested a female to do my massage when i called to make my appt . when i got there i was told that there was only a male available . he reaked badly of cigarette smoke and made me nauseous . it was the worst and most horrible 90 minutes i ' ve ever spent on a massage table . then when i was paying i was pressured by the cashier to tip more than i was comfortable with . i ' ll never go back to this place nor will i ever suggest it to anyone .
1			fries	awful	food	bad	mary	good	seemed	surprised	fries	cold	dane	great	nothing	special	seats	good	coleslaw	bad	fries	limp	it	bad no	fries	soggy	service	bad			we went here to watch a badger game . things started out well we got good seats at the bar and the bloody mary was good . that ' s the one star . food and service were bad . we ordered the fries for me and a reuben with cole slaw for my husband . the reuben , coleslaw and fries came out on the same plate . annoying , but i dealt with it . the fries were awful limp , soggy and cold . when i asked the bartender about the chef ' s sauce that was supposed to accompany the fries , he seemed surprised that i wanted it . um , if it ' s menued as coming with a sauce , i expect it to come with a sauce he put the sauce order in and i waited , and waited , and waited . 15 minutes later , i get a cup of mayo with a squirt of bbq sauce on top . seriously ? that took 15 minutes to make ? by then , my fries were even worse and not worth eating . the reuben was nothing special , but it wasn ' t bad . the coleslaw were just as bad as the fries , though . soggy and watery with no flavor . i honestly had no idea that food as basic as fries and coleslaw could be that bad . don ' t waste your time or money here . you ' re better off at the great dane better beer there , too !
2			smashburger	ok	it	great no	it	expensive	food	horrible no			smashburger was simply ok . the food was not horrible , but based on overall value , it is not that great . it is expensive for what is served .
2			it	suck	music	loud	idea	love	kind	worst	bitchface	best	i	mad	service	ridiculous	star	awesome			one star because i love the idea of recycling , but this place is a disaster . small and crowded , the music was too loud and it sucked . i spent two hours looking for clothes , trying on jeans which is the worst kind of torture and when i brought my selections up to the front , the cashier told me that i still needed to spend $ 5 i had bought a groupon . so i went to pick out one more item and when i came up to the front , my pile of stuff was gone . she told me i had taken it with me , but i hadn ' t . so i left with nothing , because i didn ' t have time to find everything again . when i returned , i spent another hour choosing clothes to buy . when i got to the register , she rang me up and told me that my groupon had already been redeemed . i tried to explain what had happened , that they had lost my stuff last time , but she put on her best bitchface and refused to listen to me . so i paid cash for my purchase , mostly because i was mad at that point and just wanted to get out of there . never shopping here again . one star because clothing recycling is awesome , but the customer service was ridiculous . i ' d give that cashier five stars for her bitchy attitude though . well done .
2			service	beautiful	service	awesome			the service was awesome , enjoyed the food and the . atmosphere was beautiful
2			flavor	good	service	mediocre	humus	bad no			i am not sure why it is a one dollar sign establishment . for a family of 5 with 3 being under six years old we spent over $ 55 . this was without drinks . the service was mediocre at best . the chicken kabob did have good flavor and the humus wasn ' t too bad . however we will not be returning .
2			sauce	great	sauce	secret	burgers	awesome			awesome burgers and dogs with a great secret sauce ! !
2			food	fresh	food	clean	inside	beautiful	a	awesome			beautiful inside , friendlu service very very clean fresh fresh food . awesome a must go again .
2			appetizers	recommend no	i	disappointed no	wait	less	spots	top	it	amazing			this place is located in aria across from marquee . i was told this was one of the top burger spots on the strip and they weren ' t lying . i would not recommend ordering appetizers if you ' re going for the burgers because the burgers themselves are really filling . i got the steakhouse burger which omg , the meat patty melts in your mouth . drool my party each got different things but everyone said it was pretty amazing . the fries could be a little better but other than that i was not disappointed . the wait is also significantly less than burgr across the way .
2			eats	unique	desserts	top	wings	good	mushroom	marinated	burger	fun	fries	standard	burger	juicy	burger	awesome			i had the most deee licious burger here the other day . i split a fun ghi burger with my friend and shared buffalo wings . we knew the burger would be awesome just from it ' s aroma , but man , when i took my first bite , i was in burger heaven . from the menu description , the fun ghi burger contains : beef patty , truffle marinated portabella mushroom , carmelized onion , gruyere , mayonnaise , & frisee . we also added avocado to ours and ordered the patty to be cooked medium rare . the burger was juicy and had an abundance of flavors from all the ingredients . the buffalo wings were very good too . the fries were standard . i so want to come back and try the billionaire burger and a shake ! the billionaire burger has kobe beef and foie gras , which we can ' t have anymore in ca . as seen on tv : unique eats aired on 07 22 2012 episode : las vegas over the top desserts .
1			place	recommend no	dealership	horrible			horrible dealership , would not recommend this place to absolutely anyone .
2			food	great	service	awesome	cocktails	amazing			amazing cocktails . great food . awesome service .
1			waits	long	restaurant	empty	food	good	it	clear	service	terrible	service	horrible			the service here is horrible ! the food is good , but doesn ' t make up for the terrible service , long waits , and sterile atmosphere . i went with a friend on a sunday afternoon , before the lunch crowd . even though the restaurant was half empty , we had to wait for a table and once we were seated , it took a while for someone to come greet us . a few of their menu items weren ' t available . after ordering , it took over forty minutes for our food to come yes , over 40 minutes for 2 burgers and 2 orders of fries . when i asked the waitress , she responded that all orders take over 30 minutes and that she forgot to mention this to us when we were seated . an hour and $ 50 later , it was clear that in & out burger would have been the way to go .
2			staff	awesome			they have a great happy hour and the staff is awesome .
2			salad	refreshing	it	love	sum	dim	cheese	love	everyone	helpful	portions	individual	we	amazed	food	good	everyone	nice	something	good	looked	good	salad	tasty	people	lazy	dessert	impressive	potatoes	mashed	it	good	eggshells	real	it	light	service	impeccable	consistency	best	spoon	wicked	bar	amazing			my boyfriend and i visit vegas fairly often and usually we skip the buffets . this time , we were in the mood to try one we ' ve never eaten at for dinner . we went to wicked spoon for friday dinner . it was only $ 26 . 99 we loved it already ! when we got there , we were amazed at the individual portions . everything looked so good . so , we decided to first check out everything before we started shoving food onto our plates . we were literally running around oohing and aahing . we were like 2 kids grown adults in a candy store . the asian food was surprisingly good ! the fried rice is usually overlooked , but it ' s really good . so are their rolls and dim sum . the ricotta spinach was also something that was really good . it ' s creamy , but also light . the consistency of their mashed potatoes were the best ! the korean need salad was tasty and super refreshing . they even had crab claws that were already cracked . the shrimp cocktail had the shrimp completely peeled and defined . prefect for lazy people like me ! i don ' t eat lamb , but my boyfriend really enjoyed it with the chimichurri sauce . the mac n cheese bar was amazing ! my boyfriend also loved the goat cheese mac n cheese . the dessert was impressive . they even had desserts served in real painted eggshells . very creative . the chocolate covered apples were my favorite ! oh ! and the service was impeccable ! everyone was really nice and helpful .
2			scoops	small	mess	less	gnocchi	stuffed	wings	seasoned	i	amazed no	gnocchi	amazing	rice	flavorful	cheese	exceptional	wings	juicy	mary	complimentary	fish	prepared	wings	crispy	buffet	best	macaroni	exceptional	bar	crazy	beans	flavorful	salami	amazing			it ' s not about quantity with the brunch lunch buffet , but it is about the quality . i haven ' t been happier with a quality buffet for $ 22 . 00 ever . we went on a weekday and actually savored the food . i ' m known for ground and pound on some of buffets , but this was not one of those times . almost everything comes in its own serving dish , bowl , etc . , so that means less mess too . i got a complimentary bloody mary with the meal you get that or a mimosa . the salad bar has quite a few choices . we tried their caesar , and a few others . all were tasty and really fresh . they had some amazing salami ' s , and italian meats , as well as shrimp cocktail that is portioned out with two shrimp and sauce . the fried chicken wings were crispy , yet juicy and perfectly seasoned . the red beans and rice were flavorful and brought back memories of louisiana . the fish was perfectly prepared , moist yet cooked thoroughly . the asiago stuffed gnocchi was amazing . the macaroni and cheese was exceptional with bread crumbs on top . the only thing i wasn ' t too amazed with was their chinese food , so pass on that . the dessert bar is crazy . they have 18 flavors of gelato and you can ask for really small scoops to maximize your tasting adventure . this was the best buffet i ' ve had in vegas for the price .
2			everything	excellent	part	real	part	amazing			quite a spread . this place has a little of everything . the real amazing part is that everything is excellent .
1			it	fresh no	foodie	real	she	new	availability	good	service	unremarkable	rice	dry	feel	bad			i am giving one start only to facilitate my writing a review . i wouldn ' t have bothered at all except that , after viewing this restaurant on yelp and recommending it to my daughter and her boyfriend , i feel so bad that they actually went here . it is the only restaurant in the tempe area so far to rank below three stars to us . she is new to the tempe area and a real foodie . he was visiting and is a shabu shabu fan . we are from socal so the availability of shabu shabu here is pretty good , as is the quality . but enough about background info . apparently the shabu shabu is served with ramen broth , which is not at all what we are used to . that , in and of itself , is fine as things may differ place to place and locale to locale . the fact that they got maybe six pieces of beef to share , and that it wasn ' t fresh like what they are used to , not so much . the food did not appear fresh in any way . even the rice was dry as if it had been sitting out , and my daughter actually found a bug in hers . very lovely . service was unremarkable . all in all , this was a pretty hideous experience , and i don ' t see how the restaurant merits a four star rating . not sure where the reviews come from , but our recommendation is to stay away . not good at all , which is too bad , because she was also looking forward to trying the ramen .
2			service	helpful	sizes	sized	mussels	amazing	service	friendly	dishes	multiple	nothing	amazing	octopus	ok	gazpacho	amazing			gazpacho and steamed mussels were amazing . octopus was ok , nothing too amazing . portion sizes are sized so that multiple dishes are ordered . service was helpful and friendly ; little slow though . must try !
2			sangria	love	tapas	incredible	server	amazing			very impressed with this place , our server was amazing . the tapas were incredible and loved the sangria ! ! !
2			job	like no	way	nice	we	enthusiastic	experience	disappointing	food	great no	area	main	he	rude	tortilla	raw	nights	bad	order	nice	couch	colorful	vibe	great	chef	amazing	flavors	amazing			my wife and i were in vegas for a few days and we always wanted to try jos u00e9 andr u00e9s ' restaurant . we lived in spain for 5 years , so it was a nice way to go back to those amazing flavors . well i have to admit that the experience has been so disappointing ! at first we were very enthusiastic because the place has a really great vibe but the waiter ruined the whole experience . i am not talking about the waiter who seated us , brought the menus and took the order who was actually very nice but the waiter who served us . we were sitting in the main area where there is a colorful couch surrounding one side of the room . the waiter poked my wife on the back to pass the plates from behind instead of coming to our table he was so rude , bored he didn ' t say a word enjoy the food for example ? ? ? . if you don ' t like the job , just don ' t do it we were going to order more food but we decided to pass after the third plate was brought to us by the same guy and in the same way . food was not that great either i really don ' t know what the amazing jos u00e9 andr u00e9s chef would think about a raw tortilla or over fried calamari i know that bad nights happen but there is nothing worse than wanting to try a restaurant for so long and be disappointed after all ! after this experience i will never go back if you pay that much money nearly 40 dollars for 3 tapas plates ! ! ! , you expect much more .
2			it	awesome	i	picky	breakfast	amazing			i had the chicken fried steak and it was awesome . i am very picky when it comes to chicken fried steak and this was 5 star . my friend had steak and eggs , and it was done perfect . i have not tried dinner or lunch but the breakfast is amazing . everything is made from scratch . the service is 5 star . i will definitely be back !
2			space	crowded	good	salty	it	free	store	fancy	dayclub	fun	music	awesome			now time for the dayclub after i already reviewed the nightclub . dayclub is just as fun , but definitely way smaller since they only open the upstair pool and part of the inside . it ' s pretty much free for ladies and about $ 40 for guys . there ' s only one pool so it was super crowded but enough space to bounce up and down to the awesome music . they don ' t allow drinks at the center of the pool , and patrols will come up and tell you to go to the side . but seriously , don ' t take your drink to the middle of the pool people there splash water like crazy . i don ' t think chlorine and salty body ful water taste good . in fact , some water got splashed into my eyes and they sting like no others . oh yes for the guys , don ' t wear wife beater and try to get in . i don ' t see the difference between a wife beater and a man tank but yes , you ' re going to have to go to that fancy store at the corner and buy a $ 20 tank top if you want to get back in line .
1			reviews	bad			i went here three weeks ago . it was one of the better meals i ' ve had in vegas and i ' ve been pretty much everywhere . i noticed that the bad reviews seemed to be centered around service issues . when i was there the kinks seemed to be worked out . highly recommended .
2			price	additional	menu	fixed	special	amazing	price	small	course	main	it	amazing			the $ 20 . 12 lunch special here is amazing ! it ' s a 3 course meal from a fixed menu . for a small additional price , you can upgrade the main course to a lobster spaghetti . it was amazing ! i will definitely be back next time im in vegas
2			prawns	fresh	octopus	best	tomatoes	like no	service	ok	tomatoes	divine	tar	good	mushrooms	best	flavors	amazing			life changing experience . let ' s just say i was savoring my burps afterwards . the prawns were so fresh and literally left me in awe . the juices from the head coated my tongue with amazing flavors . the octopus was the best i ' ve ever had . the tuna tar tar was very good but didn ' t really stand out for me . heirloom tomatoes salad was divine and i don ' t even like tomatoes . the mushrooms was the best i ' ve ever had . service was ok . i expected a bit more for a $ 1k dinner for 5 but i think it was only the manager that was stuck up .
2			person	awesome			theresa is an awesome person and esthetician
1			pizza	like	pizza	precious	amount	good	it	good	people	drunk	pizza	secret no	pizza	secret	gem	hidden	place	worst			secret pizza ? more like not so secret pizza this place is most definitely the worst kept secret in vegas . my friends and i left drai ' s nightclub to take a cab to the cosmopolitan and seek out this hidden gem . we waited ~40 minutes in line . i don ' t really even know what i ordered , but it was a slice with red sauce , pepperoni , mushrooms , and some other toppings . it was really good . but i might just think so because i had a good amount of alcohol in my system . as soon as i finished my slice , i grabbed the crust off of my friend ' s plate and finished that as well . heh $ 6 per slice . not much seating . take your precious pizza and go . by the way , it ' s located on the 3rd floor somewhere in between two restaurants not sure . i was intoxicated . just follow the drunk people !
2			service	great	drinks	awesome			awesome drinks wine and dessert sake and great service ! pricey , but worth the treat !
2			garlic	great	pork	pulled	apple	amazing			the sauce ! ! sooo good . great garlic , amazing apple , yummmm . i always get the pulled pork but the boys favorite is the exploding pig . a must stop for bbq lovers .
1			i	surprised	cleanings	basic	reviews	good	shape	good	signature	electronic	it	fishy	review	bad	teeth	remaining	insurance	full	cleaning	basic	dentistry	modern	practice	dental	insurance	dental	cleaning	deep	i	shocked	experiences	worst			i am so surprised at the good reviews for this dental practice ! my husband and i had the worst experiences . i have never written a bad review , but would like to stop someone from this mistake . we both went in for yearly basic cleanings . my husband ' s appointment was a day before mine . at 6 at night they tried to talk him into a root canal that night ! he had not had any pain mind you . he called me and i said it was fishy they were trying to talk him into it that night . he said no to that but they did talk him into a deep cleaning . he did half that night and was supposed to do the other half the next day when i went in as well . for my appointment , they took tons of x rays then sat me in the chair . the doc came in and went over all the procedures they thought i should have . my 2 remaining wisdom teeth pulled , five cavity fills and a deep cleaning . i consider my teeth in very good shape and have had no pain whatsoever . as they were going over their recommendations i noticed on the computer screen everything had patient accepts next to it . i said i did not want anything except the basic cleaning that was covered 100 % by my full dental insurance . they then went on to lie to me and say that since i needed deep cleaning that my insurance would not pay for a basic cleaning . i could not believe it . i walked out with nothing and called my insurance company . they said they ' ve never heard of that and that i am fully covered for one basic cleaning a year and they ' d never deny that . i was shocked . i could go on and on but the short of it is that we ended up with a $ 400 bill for my husbands deep cleaning after insurance paid another $ 400 hundred dollars ! ! they are major scam artists ! they take your electronic signature and transpose it onto receipts ! never sign anything electronically while lying in the chair getting the procedure done as they had my husband do ! we went to at stills since then and the professors told my husband they had even botched his deep cleaning ! please re think choosing tempe modern dentistry !
1			size	medium	service	satisfactory	las	famous	restaurant	open	options	many	prices	overrated	service	horrible			when visit the famous las vegas , the price for dinner at a restaurant mean at least over $ 100 . however i think this newly open restaurant doesn ' t know that overrated prices must come with satisfactory service . well this place had the most horrible service in a restaurant in vegas . it took 30 min to sit us down , 30 min to ask us for our order and another 30 min to bring the food . not many options on the menu 6 options . we order the schiacciatta pizza , a medium size entree with a salad . i think i would say that pizza from costco warehouse would taste better . i visit las vegas several times a year so i won ' t come back to that restaurant .
2			i	surprised	phoenix	central	food	good	styles	varied	things	little	foods	wonderful	it	like	service	awful no	box	good	combination	awesome			the herb box is good . for brunch , the salmon hash is an awesome combination of wonderful breakfast foods . i especially liked that it had the fingerling potatoes mixed in . but really , you can put potatoes in anything and i ' ll like it . today , i had lunch at the herb box , and was pleasantly surprised with their fish taco special . seriously , i didn ' t expect tacos this good at a place with such varied food styles as the herb box . what keeps me from giving the herb box that final star are the prices and service . the food is good , but just a few bucks more than what i usually want to spend . the service isn ' t awful , but it has that slightly snobbish scottsdale vibe . little things like that make me want to stay in central phoenix and out of downtown scottsdale .
2			everything	good	hummus	amazing			everything is good ! the roasted red pepper hummus is amazing ! good place for a business lunch . patio seating during cooler weather is unbeatable . . try the specials , they aren ' t the leftovers from the day before there ' s a lot of thought put into them . .
2			issue	huge	potential	great	lounge	great	ambiance	great	playing	awesome			i always wished someone would take over this lounge of estate house and do somethng cool . well now they finally did . went there a few weeks ago on a saturday night . there was an awesome jazz band playing and the seating and ambiance were great . one huge issue how can you be a cigar lounge with no air ventilation filteration system ? they really need to work on this because this is a great lounge with great potential .
1			hair	light	shape	beautiful	job	bad			i am so in love with this place ! not only because the atmosphere is so inviting , but also because all of the people who work there are really friendly and seem to care about your business . i got mina , and i must say , wow ! i don ' t know if she took her time because i was the only one there , but regardless she paid attention to every detail ! she listened to my concerns because i had a bad waxing job never again and gave me such a beautiful shape to my eyebrows ! i usually fill my eyebrows in because my hair is so light , but even when natural they look greaat ! definitely recommend !
1			food	amazing no	staff	lousy	's	real	flat	big	thing	good	nothing	negative	place	recommend	seemed	annoyed	it	ok	service	bad			okay , let ' s be real , a restaurants review is based on a lot more than the food for some places this is a good thing , but unfortunately not for lustucru food : amazing . big thumbs up to the chef . we had a tasting platter which consists of 8 choices . i have absolutely nothing negative to say about the food . **the food and wine is the only reason i ' m not giving this place a 0 if that ' s even possible ** service : a big flat zero . barely checked up on us , seemed annoyed to be there , no knowledge ex . : asked her a question and she basically just read me the menu . . decor : it ' s okay , but would amp it up to distract people from the lousy staff . no i wouldn ' t bring friends here but i would recommend this place only for the food meaning that it ' s only for people who don ' t mind bad service .
2			shop	friendly	cake	bland	service	friendly	reviews	good	itself	adorable	reviews	pleasant	vanilla	best	staff	friendly	cake	dry	velvet	awful	frosting	weird	it	like	they	bad no			i hate to right less pleasant reviews but i ' m really not sure what the good reviews are about . these cupcakes were meh . exactly how yelp describes 2 stars . the shop itself was adorable and the service was friendly . unfortunately , that does make up for the cupcakes . which is sad because they were very pretty looking . they weren ' t bad they were just blah . we had the following cupcakes : vanilla with vanilla buttercream vanilla with milk chocolate buttercream red velvet cotton candy malted milk ball dark chocolate milk chocolate buttercream the malted milk ball was probably the best of all of them . i did kind of like the milk chocolate buttercream frosting . however , for all of them the cake was kind of dry and bland . most of the frostings were too sweet . the red velvet was kind of awful . i ' ve been baking red velvet for years and this one was just too much dye with a weird tasting frosting . i wanted to like it and like i said the shop and staff were super friendly . i just can get the same thing from a cake mix . i know the lady i purchased from emphasized that they were from scratch . unfortunately , that doesn ' t mean awesome .
2			i	disappointed no	everything	fresh	visit	edinburgh	breakfast	beautiful	standard	good	everything	tempting	looked	amazing			beautiful breakfast this morning ! everything is so fresh and tempting . in the end , i went for the bircher muesli and was not disappointed . the coffee is of a good standard as well something i find hard to come by , having lived away from melbourne for a year now . i am planning to go back for lunch at some stage during my edinburgh visit . the sandwiches looked amazing !
2			techniques	unique	foods	new	items	delicate	it	worth	it	love	place	perfect	meal	worth	meal	expensive	it	worth no	money	good	one	like	ingredients	great	food	love	it	amazing	it	ok	it	overpriced	ending	perfect	flan	delish	night	perfect	foodies	willing	foodies	rich no	it	hard	meal	memorable	type	basic	course	favorite	hands	best	raise	big	aspect	awesome			omfg ! this was by far the most expensive and memorable meal of my life . my wife and i dined here about two months ago . we shared the drink pairing . two meals and one drink pairing came to $ 666 . though dare i say it , it was totally worth it . i love cooking and trying new foods . if you do , too , this is totally the place for you . you will love it . if you ' re not a foodie and not into unique cooking techniques , you ' ll probably find it overpriced and won ' t fully appreciate it . that being said , it was the perfect place for me . there were four couples in our sitting . none of us knew each other , but we all seemed to be the same basic type . foodies who make pretty good money but aren ' t exactly rich who are willing to pay for a one of a kind once in a lifetime dining experience . we all loved our food . in fact , at one point the chefs left to get something from the kitchen and one of the guys said , good , they ' re gone . now we can lick our plates . we all chuckled but all highly considered it . no one wanted to waste one single drop of deliciousness . i would say my favorite course was the chickpea soup with iberico pork . the chickpeas were filled with iberico pork and chickpea broth . it was amazing . i had never had iberico pork and instantly fell in love . i am not a fan of desserts and there were quite a few served . however , i have to admit that i liked every single one of them . my favorite involved olive oil , cocoa powder and mascarpone or something similar . we were instructed to drag our spoons through the olive oil and into the cocoa powder . sounded weird but wow ! my wife is a connoisseur of flan and said that hands down e ' s was the best she had ever had . i don ' t care for flan , but i had to agree this flan was delish ! i could go on and on about every single course . but lots of people have already done that , and it would be very hard to truly do any of the courses justice . aside from the food itself , the other awesome aspect was being able to watch the creation and plating of many of the courses . everything was done with such care and perfection . the chefs used droppers and tweezers to carefully add the most delicate items . i was in awe throughout the whole dinner and was envious of the chefs who get to work with such great ingredients every day . about midway through the dinner , the chefs told us to look behind us . when we did , we saw none other than jose ' andres . he was in town for uncork ' d and stopped in for a moment to see how we were all doing . we all expressed our amazement at everything we had tried thus far . when we finished our meal , i saw jose ' sitting at one of the tables in jaleo . i asked one of the waiters if it would be okay for me to go up to him and ask for his autograph . he said that jose ' was being interviewed by a food magazine but should be done shortly and i could wait at the bar and approach him once he was done . i did so , and once his interview was over i was able to catch him before he went back into the kitchen . he autographed my menu and my wife took a picture of us . the people from the food magazine were still around and their photographer snapped a few pics too . it was a perfect ending to a perfect night . i mentioned earlier that this was a once in a lifetime experience . however , i can ' t imagine never going back . maybe i should change that to a once every 5 years event . or if i get a big raise , maybe once a year . even my wife who usually gets upset when we go to higher priced places as she thinks it ' s not worth it and that ' s with a bill about 1 6 of e ' , said that the meal was totally worth it .
2			lights	beautiful	lights	high	lights	low	look	fantastic	everything	healthy	cuts	great	silverman	awesome			misty silverman [ 702 927 7386 ] is awesome ! great cuts . everything was even and healthy without taking off too much . she put in beautiful high and low lights all over they look fantastic ! very reasonably priced also !
2			you	convinced no	menu	huge	place	love	area	large	reasons	personal	patio	cute	herbs	fresh	spot	great	spot	tiny	food	great	weather	nice	service	great	it	tiny	spot	local	me	wrong	you	disappointed	thing	amazing			i absolutely love this place . here are my personal reasons : they have nutella coffee that deserves 5 stars alone . they have great customer service . they nearly always remember my husband ' s name since he is in there more often than i am . you can call in your coffee order ahead of time . what ? ! yes , you really can . this is an amazing thing ! take that starbucks ! they have great food and on tuesday nights you can get $ 20 for a bottle of wine and bruschetta . don ' t get me wrong , i love postino ' s for this deal , but this place actually has parking without the hassle ! you can bring your dog although it seems like very few people take advantage of this . they have bike racks for when we ride our beach cruisers over instead of walking it ' s walking distance cute patio with misters and fresh herbs growing all around the nutella espresso martini . it ' s no longer on the menu or wasn ' t last time i was in , but i ' ve asked and they ' ve still made it for me . so . freaking . good . if you aren ' t convinced yet , stop reading this and just go try it out . don ' t expect a huge menu or a large indoor seating area . it ' s tiny and it ' s meant to be a great , tiny , local spot . go when the weather is nice and sit outside while sipping a nutella martini and eating bruschetta . if you ' re disappointed , then i ' m not sure what to tell you .
1			fish	old	pain	horrible			old fish sick . can someone explain this to the people here ? please . twice this horrible pain and bloating within 30 minutes of lunch . twice . run for your life !
2			you	disappointed no	cheese	fresh	meatballs	great	business	local	bonus	added	pie	great	wings	amazing			this is a family favorite . the owners make their own sauce and the cheese is so fresh . we are nyers transplanted here and even with their boston red sox roots vs our yankee roots we wouldn ' t go anywhere else for great tpizza pie . it is an added bonus that they make amazing wings that my kids can ' t live without ! the meatballs are great and the zeppoli is a fun treat too ! highly recommend . support a local business . you won ' t be disappointed .
1			sauce	like	tastes	fake	thing	wrong	cheese	awful	crust	thin	crust	like	day	bad			okay , i so don ' t get people ' s obsession with grimaldi ' s . this is the second time i ' ve tried is i thought the first time i didn ' t like it was because i just ordered the wrong thing , but this latest trip confirmed my dislike . and i know what it is . the cheese . oh no , not the cheese ! ! ! ! yes , the cheese . it tastes fake . seriously . and when it melts it makes the pizza look like plastic . in fact , it kind of tastes like plastic , too . i liked the thin crust and the sauce , but the cheese is awful . the house salad was lacking in color and freshness , too . oh , and our server ? i hope she was having a bad day because she had the snootiest attitude i think i ' ve ever encountered .
2			showroom	informative	we	disappointed	story	long	tile	beautiful	they	polite	decision	hard	company	love	they	amazing	showroom	friendly	they	willing	cost	additional	tile	wrong	flooring	affordable	selection	nice	reviews	amazing			i used yelp reviews to find affordable flooring , and i would be remiss to not add to the amazing reviews that they already have . they are amazing ! from our first experience in the showroom , which was informative and friendly ; they had a very nice selection of tile . we were allowed to take several tiles with us to see how they fit in with our furnishing and lighting in the house . about a week later we selected our tile and it was a very hard decision . i had several friends come and give me their opinion . once decided , we were torn on how much of the first floor to tile . they were so accommodating to work up several bids with absolutely no pressure . we decided on doing everything but the bedrooms , about 1900 sq . feet . we paid a deposit , the flooring was ordered , and the installation scheduled . when the flooring was delivered , it was the wrong tile . long story short was that the sample we had was mislabeled by the wholesaler ; we were disappointed to learn that the tile we liked was backordered . this is where , as one reviewer said , affordable flooring is no joke . they allowed me to choose another tile at the same price , the loss to be absorbed by the wholesaler . customer seindyddrvice is something they do not sidestep on . we chose a beautiful wood plank tile , and we could not be happier . everyone that comes in our home comments on it ! the installers lay the tile carefully , and they are artists . they inspected and pulled tiles that weren ' t squared perfectly . the job took a while , and they were polite and congenial . they also had to work around a master bath renovation , and they were very willing to come out and do the bathroom a week later than the rest of the floor with no additional cost . i love this company !
1			lunch	excellent	place	worst			took a 30 dollar cab ride there for lunch feb 11 14 got there and there were 4 people in there got a drink went outside to sit and eat sat there over a hour never seen the girl bartender again watched lots of people come in and walk out . we decided to leave had to wait to pay our bill worst place in vegas . went next door to hash a go go had a 145 . 00 lunch excellent . took a 30 . 00 cab ride back to our hotel . dont go to vamps .
1			reviews	great	they	handed	service	good	taste	great	service	bad			i really went on an off day i guess based on all of the great reviews this location gets . we were promptly seated , waited on and served , but after that the waiter just did not ever come over again . he never offered refills , never offered dessert and when we told him that we were going to order another pizza to bring home with us , he never came back to ask if we wanted to order that . meanwhile , he was taking care of other tables . if they were short handed , shame on them , but at least tell us that . i usually go to the palazzo location as that ' s so easy in and out even though it ' s on the strip , that i will just continue to go to that location . very disappointing . to me , good service makes the food taste great . bad service just ruins everything and that ' s a shame .
1			portions	small	job	hate	experience	worst	idiot	complete	service	horrible	servers	rude	server	rude	food	horrible			let me start by saying if i could give this dive 0 stars trust me i would ! ! ! this by far was the worst experience i have ever had . the hostest was a complete idiot the server was sooo rude and the food was horrible with small portions and i dont eat a lot , so for me to say small portions is pretty bad . it took us 30 mins to get drinks just drinks , then when we finally get our drinks he takes our order impatiently and rolling his eyes while were giving him our order . we had to flag different waiters down just to get refills because our waiter was mia , oh and when we finally get our food an hour and a half after ordering it , its like 10 strings of fettuccine pasta and 2 pieces of chicken ! ! ! ! after eating our food we paid our $ 90 bill and left after being there for 3 hours ! ! ! please for the love of god never go here ! ! ! over priced , horrible service , rude servers who obviously hate their job ! ! !
1			app	free	six	original	umami	open	service	worst			my wife and i go out for lunch a lot . we do not live in the city which makes it hard for us to enjoy dinner there . umami is only open for dinner . we happened to be in town a bit later yesterday and went to try them out . this place has always intrigued us . not any more ! we each ordered a plate of dumplings . she had a plate of six vegan and i had nine pork . we split a summer roll as an appetizer . we enjoyed our drink and the roll . it went downhill from there . about 15 minutes or so after we finished our appetizer , our waiter stops by to tell us that they accidently served one of our entrees to another table and if we could choose another appetizer , on them , to nibble while they recooked our meal . he served us our free app . after another 15 min or so after we finished , someone shows with our food . they served me the six dumpling plate when i ordered nine . i mentioned that to the girl and she said she would tell my waiter . when i was about half done with my plate , the waiter stops be and i mentioned this again to him . he finally shows up with my other three dumplings about 20 minutes after i finished the original six ! i denied the other three and asked they be removed from the bill so we could get out of there . a manager never showed his her face . the intrigue is gone . we have lived and eaten in the madison for ten years and have never gotten worst service as we did last night . no , we will never return .
2			mouth	amazing	ramen	small	meat	tender	tables	sticky	belly	ok	buns	ok	ramen	cozy	appetizer	amazing			the ramen was nothing to write home about that being said , the pork belly buns and bulgogi buns we ordered as our appetizer were amazing . i ' m talking melt in your mouth oh my god do i want twenty more amazing ! they were marinated to perfection and the meat was tender . minus 1 star only because of the meh ramen and sticky tables . + pork belly & bulgogi buns a must + small yet cozy with outdoor seating sticky tables ramen was just ok
1			club	worst			worst club in vegas . fuck a club where you can ' t ask for party favors meaning fireworks for a bachelor party bc they have a zero tolerance for anything fun . and you ' ll get walked out like a criminal with the schmuck security manager and a goon bouncer . ruined a vegas weekend altogether and will never be back . not recommended to anyone . f this dump . not to mention they took $ 700 of prepaid dough from my boys and didn ' t give two fucks about any type of refund . avoid at all costs .
2			smoothies	flavorful	place	love	smoothies	love	business	great	they	welcoming	points	cool	she	kind	smoothies	fresh	she	welcoming	they	nice	smoothies	delicious	smoothies	intense	no.	loyal	variety	love	she	nice	service	amazing			if there was an option for more than five stars , this place deserves it . both locations . i ' ve been a loyal no . 1 boba fan , this is my go to place for boba . i love the fresh fruit smoothies , intense flavorful smoothies and a variety of options . we ' ve had amazing service from the owner at both locations . she is so nice , kind , and welcoming . here ' s my story about this place on a previous visit after we just got back into town from a road trip to la , i was craving for no 1 boba . so i checked the closing time on yelp , saw that the closing time was 9 : 30pm it was 8 : 50pm got there at 9 : 20pm and they were obviously closing up but . they happily served us ! : they did not make us feel like we were a burden to come in last minute before closing . brownie cool points for this place ! they were nice and welcoming . she happily took our orders and made our delicious smoothies quickly . quality was still on point . i love this place for its customer service and product . all around great business and the fact that its down the street from my place makes it all that much better . i ' d give this place 10 stars if i could !
2			nuong	amazing			thit heo nuong is amazing ! great happy hour !
1			service	bad	food	horrible			salty to the point you can ' t taste anything else . dead on a saturday @ 6 : 30 we should have known . the waitress showed her face 2 times total & had someone else do all the rest of her work . appetizers came out well after our actual food . bad service horrible food .
2			place	recommend	vibe	authentic	food	amazing			now this is amazing irish food . seems like the staff are all irish too . you get the authentic vibe here . the food is cooked to perfection . i have never been dissatisfied with ri ra . i highly recommend this place to try at least once in vegas !
2			shrimp	amazing			wow the food was delivered immaculately if you order anything from this restaurant you must let it be house lo mein ask for extra shrimp you will not be dissatisfied also their fried shrimp is absolutely amazing delivered to your house beautifully could not ask for more
1			service	bad			no customer service at all . service is really bad . i will never go there anymore waste my time n money .
1			guy	attentive	service	worst			worst service ever . . this one ' s for you irving waiter of the night ! 30 40 minutes to even get noticed yes we timed him ? ? ? very unacceptable ! ! ! no apologies , only a butt hurt attitude to add the cherry on top . . what really set me off is it is freezing in the restaurant , all i asked for was miso soup . . had to order it twice , almost a 50 min wait for miso soup , and again even after the issue was brought up kindly no apologies even the guy refilling the waters was more attentive than irving . . how frustrating for something that could ' ve easily been fixed
1			we	like	list	new	chains	suck	website	special	bag	nice	boxes	little	person	nice	boxes	plastic	it	bad	menu	local	sauce	special	dave	famous	experience	bad	sizes	standard	person	helpful	apples	spicy	mac	spicy	menu	national	spoonful	big	bag	plastic	everything	like	sauce	rich	looked	bad	apples	spiced	meat	horrible			famous dave ' s reinforces the thought that chains suck . i had such a bad experience back in april 2011 when this location opened that i didn ' t go back for awhile . 14 months later i finally decided to give them another try and place a carry out order . the person who took my order over the phone was nice and helpful . apparently there is a special website : famousdaveslv . com that has the local menu on it which differs somewhat from the national menu . after taking a look at it we settled on mac & cheese from the kids menu with a side of spiced apples , texas beef brisket with spicy mac & cheese and cole slaw , and a bbq chicken sandwich with a side of wilbur beans . $ 29 got us three little black plastic boxes and a styrofoam cup of milk for the kids meal . so when we get it home we open the bag up and we ' re looking at $ 30 worth of food and we ' re like where ' s it at ? appearances non standard portion sizes aside , it didn ' t taste much better and all the rich & sassy sauce you can smother it with didn ' t help . the brisket was over cooked and tasted like double corrugated cardboard . the spicy apples looked like someone dumped a big spoonful of spice on top and it looked bad and tasted like crap . the bbq chicken ? awful ! bleech ! boring , flat , i thought this was bbq ? it sure doesn ' t taste like any bbq i know ! and being from kansas city , one of the 4 established american capitals of bbq i know bbq . i could go on and on but the fact is the dog ate well last night with half the brisket going to him , my 2 year old ended up spitting out the mac and cheese and the apples , and pretty much everything else ended up being put in a nice 30 gal plastic trash bag for republic services to take it where it belongs . the landfill . it was so bad i found myself thinking sysco ' s horrible bbq meat just add their special food service sauce would have tasted better than this slop . i promised my wife that for as long as we live in vegas , i will never ask her to have famous dave ' s again . ugh , why did i torture my family by thinking this would be any good ? they deserve better , and so do you . don ' t go here . edit : after finishing writing this review i looked over at the dog bowl and the brisket is still there . he even moved it out of the way to get to the dog food under it . seeing that i created a new list : even the dog won ' t eat it . and my dog likes almost everything so this is kinda weird when he won ' t touch it .
1			night	long	something	small	server	rude	we	rude	feel	bad			if i could give this place a 0 i would . my fianc u00e9 and i went there to grab something small to eat after a long night of gambling . when my fianc u00e9 approached the server to ask for a slice of pizza , the server coughed in his left hand and continued to grab the plate and pizza . we didn ' t want the slice but didn ' t want to be rude but the server was very rude to us and asked why we didn ' t want it . we said ' you just coughed in your hand and served us pizza ' . his response was ' i coughed in my left hand but handed you the food with my other hand . ' he then placed the pizza under the warmer . i feel bad for whoever got that piece of pizza . everyone behind us saw what happened . can ' t review the food we didn ' t eat it .
2			place	awesome			where else can you get a drink and play mortal kombat ? this place is awesome and totally what downtown and east fremont is about . as a local , i am officially a fan and will come here often .
2			he	drunk	i	awesome			only been in here once and had a blast . ended up going for a friends birthday . he had a table and some games set up which i though was so awesome . our groups kind of thing . we played games most of the night then they had a dj and we started dancing and just watching some people breakdancing . only fail was when some guy almost started peeing under a table , he was super drunk .
1			toast	slimy	things	standard	substitutions	stupid	camper	happy no	people	annoying	things	like no	cream	sour	i	old	seat	available	toast	soggy	seat	worst			squishy soggy slimy french toast , no substitutions without being charged , and initially seating us in the worst possible seat available in front of entryway kitchen 2 stars . apparently it costs them $ 0 . 25 worth of brain power to use an alternate ingredient . i am one of those annoying people that modifies menu items because i don ' t like some things that are standard to some dishes . i . e . avocado , sour cream , some cheeses , mayonnaise , and the list goes on so i was not a very happy camper when i was told it was a $ 0 . 25 charge to substitute anything . if i was still 8 years old , my breakfast would have cost me $ 30 . i can understand if i add something , but substitutions that is stupid ! and according to my sister they need to change a few things with their french toast .
2			toast	wild	egg	sunny	eggs	scrambled	breakfast	best	images	amazing			best breakfast in scottsdale ! omg ! i had a whole hog skillet with scrambled cheese eggs , my brother had the same with a sunny side egg . my sister had wild berry bliss toast . also ordered the biscuits and gravy with a side of cheese grits . ordered so much to sample due to the amazing delicious looking images provided by yelpers . we spent about 65 bucks including tip . well worth it .
2			treat	little	taste	sour	day	beautiful	atmosphere	surprised	pation	open no	side	pricey	taste	sweet	music	awesome	pie	decent	shrimp	addictive	looked	awesome			was there this past weekend for a drink and some munchies . love the atmosphere , awesome music , nicely surprised . too bad the pation wasn ' t open : we had a couple of pitchers of bourbon lemonade . it was a beautiful day so this really quenched my thirst . we had the popcorn shrimp and frito lay pie to nibble on . the pie was decent , and the shrimp were addictive ! almost had a sweet and sour taste to them . i was checking out other folks and their dishes , the fried chicken and ribs looked awesome . nice and messy ! will definitely be back for a meal . was a little on the pricey side , but worth it if you want a little treat .
1			food	good no	service	horrible			horrible service . drinks were made incorrectly and the food wasn ' t that good . walk across the street and go to hi fi or whiskey row
1			pizza	wrong	one	new	place	favorite	i	frustrated	woman	rude	i	irritated	service	horrible			this used to be my favorite pizza place until finally , i just had to give up because of their horrible customer service . i ordered a pizza to be delivered to my job , so i didn ' t have to go out of my way before heading home , something i would gladly pay an extra $ 2 for . i called with plenty of time for delivery , at 3 : 45 pm . they said to give at least 45 min for delivery no problem . i close at 5pm , and my pizza showed up at 4 : 55 . i was a bit irritated but , whatever . closed my store , put the pizza in my car and drove home only to realize the pizza i got was not the pizza that i ordered . i called them the next morning to let them know that they delivered the wrong pizza and tried to explain my situation to them , i live over 20 miles away , what was calling them that night going to do ? we ' re they going to bring the new one to my house ? the woman on the phone was immediately rude , she said that she doesn ' t know what i expect her to do , she didn ' t deliver my pizza . i said i don ' t expect you to do anything , i just wanted you to be aware that the pizza delivered to me was wrong and no one ate it , that ' s how wrong it was . she passed the phone off to a guy who did the same , what do you want me to do crap , offered to give me credit of $ 1 . 25 for some pepperoni . . ha . at that point i was so frustrated with their crap i hung up on him .
2			simple	fresh	mix	right	pot	small	brunch	good	review	updated	me	sad	sunday	lazy no	word	pretty	friend	good	interior	simple	batter	light	spot	favourite	potential	new	it	open	square	small	chips	forgettable	simple	modern	view	stunning	haddock	lovely	eggs	amazing			why hello new potential favourite brunch spot ! having read brad g ' s reviews of porto & fi , and their amazing eggs benedict , it did make me a bit sad that they weren ' t within lazy sunday morning walking distance . so imagine my joy when i walked up the mound last week to see the pretty word of ' porto & fi ' atop a restaurant that was currently being ' done up ' inside . i thought it might be open by summer , hurrah ! what ' s this ? fast forward but a few days and it ' s open for business with quite a few customers inside already . perfect . so when a good friend came to visit and needed some afternoon snackage , i was keen to try it out . she ordered haddock goujons and chips , whilst i just had a tea . it made my day that the tea came with a small square of tiffin type traybake . such a nice touch . the haddock goujons were presented quite elaborately in a small metal pot , spilling over the top . very fresh , light batter . the chips were a bit forgettable but the haddock was lovely yes i did try . the interior is fresh , modern , quite simple but also with style . open brick work , greens and browns , and the absolutely stunning view from the top of the mound . my only concern is that this place will become very popular very soon . but they do have an exciting looking brunch menu that i will be back to try on a sunday . i haven ' t been able to find somewhere with the right mix of restaurant , bar and cafe that does a good all day sunday brunch in the near vicinity . expect updated review and verdict soon !
2			place	awesome	workers	great	place	recommend	guys	honest	prices	amazing			this place is awesome ! i highly recommend this place to anyone looking to do anything to their car . they have amazing prices and the owner and workers are great . they explain everything to you and don ' t do any unneeded work just to make more money . these guys are honest and work very fast . this will be the only garage i go to , to service my vehicle .
1			service	horrible			good food but not worth dealing with the horrible service .
2			september	late	chef	trained	requirements	free	order	short no	hands	good	experience	amazing	he	familiar	food	free	food	amazing			we had an amazing time and amazing food with chef carlos in late september , 2012 . before going i called to see if they could accommodate my gluten free requirements due to having celiac disease . chef carlos explained that due to being an actual trained chef in other words , not just some short order cook he was familiar with gluten free food , preparation and cross contamination concerns for someone with the disease . we went knowing that i ' d be in good hands ! the food was amazing , and as with everyone else , he came out and visited with us . finding out we were in town from san diego , with him being from san diego originally , we had a great time sharing memories and hearing his stories and learning about his family ' s restaurant there that we need to make a trip to ! he went over the items in the menu with me and let me know what i could and could not eat from his menu . the coulds definately outweighed the could nots . the experience and the food was so amazing , that we had an opportunity to plan a trip back to las vegas thanksgiving week and part of the reason we decided to go for it was so that we could drive back home on thanksgiving day , right after having thanksgiving dinner at his restaurant , which he had told us he ' d be doing when we visited . for those of you looking for catering , he also does that . if we lived in las vegas , we ' d probably hire him for all our parties !
1			lovers	true	you	disappointed	chance	good	night	bad			maybe i ' m a pizza snob . maybe i caught them on a bad night . but , i will not be giving them another shot . my pizza was burned and they lost my order so it took 15 minutes and 3 people to run a credit card . true pizza lovers , there is a good chance you will be disappointed , especially if you ' re use to quality pizza outside of pittsburgh .
2			cocktail	awesome			during the night shifts , get your drinks from wil , he always has a smile on his face and makes an awesome cocktail .
2			velvet	yummy	pastries	traditional	pastries	amazing			their red velvet is super yummy and their traditional italian pastries are amazing
2			i	surprised	it	busy	i	disappointed no	it	tender	staff	knowledgeable	selection	large	breweries	local	service	fast	bbq	awesome			awesome . this place has awesome bbq . it ' s really busy all the time so i recommend getting there early . the portions are way to big but you get to try everything . the pimento cheese fries rock and you don ' t need the meat on them unless you want to into a food coma before dinner . i was surprised that the brisket was so well cooked . they obviously take their time making it because it ' s really tender . they have a large beer selection supporting the local charlotte breweries among others . service was fast and they have a knowledgeable wait staff . i also have ordered their bulk to go food for parties and was not disappointed except for the kitchen manager who was kind of a jerk on the phone .
1			food	horrible			horrible food
2			rolls	amazing	delivery	free	food	closest	one	new	it	easy	option	handy	sign	big	food	like	thai	amazing			i really , really , really , like their food . the spring rolls and pad thai are amazing . i used to get delivery to my house regularly because they are only 1 mile away and delivery was free . now though disappointingly , they are not offering delivery though they still have a big sign on their front window that says we deliver which i think they should remove . i called on new year ' s eve wanting delivery and when they said they did not have delivery @ the moment i asked if it was because it was new year ' s eve . they replied , no , delivery driver quit . i just ordered from them again last sunday , but when i called in , apparently they haven ' t gotten a new one yet because they said they still couldn ' t deliver . yet , when i arrived @ the restaurant to pick up my order , the we deliver , sign was still up . ? ? ? ? i have never eaten in at this place . i ' ve only gotten take out . i will continue to order from them because it ' s the best thai food and closest thai food nearby . yum ! ! would definitely recommend though i obviously miss the handy delivery option . it was just so easy .
2			beaut	little	things	many	nights	freezing	treasures	awesome			ti tram , where have you been all of my clubbing life ? all of those freezing nights walking back from xs all of those nights where my heels ate my feet alive all of those days where the walk to fashion show mall seemed like trekking to egypt and back . . you always find these awesome treasures at the end of your trip . but i ' m here to tell you if you are headed north on the strip , taking this little beaut is worth it ! warm , quick , and easy much like many other things in vegas the tram will get you there in a flash hey ooo . we lucked out and didn ' t have to wait , but we were in vegas over a holiday weekend and i never saw a line , however , stranger things have happened . ride it . choo choo .
1			!!!	horrible	things	worst			just had their chocolate chimp smoothie and it was probably one of the worst things i ' ve ever tried . there was no way i thought this was how it was supposed to taste so i asked to remake it . tried it again . it went from unedible to horrible ! ! ! guess that ' s an upgrade never trying this place again .
2			prices	good	i	surprised	prices	excellent	nail	cute	i	spoiled	place	great	pedi	best	service	excellent	they	good	stuff	good	choices	awesome			let me start by saying that having come from the san francisco bay area i ' m spoiled by all the awesome choices for food and services . but being new to phoenix , it ' s been a challenge to find all the good stuff . i hope my yelp ' s will help other newbies ^ ^ i must have tried no less that 7 nail salons before i found oceans . this place is great . they have 10 spa pedi chairs and 8 nail tables as well as a cute nail drying station for your toes . the best pedi i ' ve ever had , anywhere . there is no timer on the pedi , or the massage . they take the time they need to satisfy each client . i ' ve had 6 or 8 different girls and they were all really good . i also use them to do my gel nails too . i ' m a little surprised that in phoenix they charge extra fro the gel coat , but i guess that ' s what they do . overall , good prices and the service is excellent ! $ $ $ discount for cash ! ! $ $ $
2			environment	chill	food	great	portions	good	food	amazing			i am always impressed with this place . the food to price ratio is great , its not too expensive yet they give good size portions . they have screwed up my order a few times so that was frustrating but other than that the food is amazing and its a chill environment .
2			coffee	awesome			awesome coffee ! i love how the servers keep going around refilling customers coffee .
2			coffee	best	atmosphere	love	employees	sweet	pastries	amazing			this is honestly the best coffee i ' ve found in vegas . i absolutely love the atmosphere and the employees are always so sweet . amazing pastries too ! try an iced cappuccino , delish ! !
2			price	best	company	recommend	yard	beautiful	employees	professional	we	ready	he	pushy no	job	fantastic	grass	fake	looks	amazing	they	friendly	grass	expensive	they	great	he	right	looks	real	work	amazing			they did a fantastic job ! let ' s start from the beginning ed showed up on time for the quote . he measured everything and then showed the hubby and i all the types of grass he offers . he was not pushy at all or up selling the more expensive grass . he let us take our time to make our choice . so after 3 quotes ed offered the best price and we were ready to set a date . the day of , ed and team showed up on time and got to work right away . hubby asked questions as always lol and left for work knowing everything would be completed to his liking . he was right ! ! ! ! the front and back yard came out breath taking and looks amazing . it looks so real ! ! ! all his employees were very professional and cleaned up everything as if nothing had been completed . all that was left was a beautiful landscaped yard . i highly recommended this company to anyone . the work is amazing and they were friendly and great to work with . anymore yard work i need ideas already swirling in my head i will not hesitate to call them . btw they don ' t just do fake grass , they do all kinds of landscaping walkways , fire pits , waterfalls , etc .
1			freaks	clean	freak	clean	he	rude	experiences	worst			this has been one of the worst customer service experiences i have ever had . the funniest part is that it was clean freaks manager ross ! i have no idea why clean freak would ever have ross deal with customers . my car was wrecked by their store and he had the never to be rude to me about where i wanted my car to be fixed ! i will never go there again and hope people learn from what i have gone through !
1			location	great	rooms	ridiculous	business	great	parking	fine	internet	great	internet	true	refrigerator	missing	bathroom	separate	shower	painful	description	worst no	room	disgusting	look	stained no	none	safe	part	fine	it	dirty	blocks	large	internet	good	staff	nice	tv	small	it	easy	everything	broken	hotels	cheap	door	broken	part	good	thing	awful	speed	high	parking	difficult	internet	fast	telephone	direct	thing	good	port	old	solution	cleaning	everything	filthy	rooms	cheapest	stay	worst			of course we know that you get what you pay for , but i was also under the impression that if a hotel website offers amenities , that those amenities are actually provided at the hotel . not only was the description highly inaccurate about the actual stay we had at the celebrities hotel , but description or not , this is the worst , most disgusting room we ' ve ever stayed in and we often go for the cheapest most ridiculous rooms we can find , with no problems . to start , let me go through the amenities listed on the hotel website here ' s what the website lists , with the truth about what we experienced : 24h room service no room service high speed internet very good internet the was the only good thing about the room satellite tv tv didn ' t work turned on but volume button broken off and sound quiet cd dvd player none air conditioning heater broken disabled facilities definitely none step to get in and no elevator , no ramps , no disabled bathrooms laundry none that we saw iron ironing board none that we saw safe deposit box none that we saw and from another page on their website : hotel parking none 5 large blocks away there ' s an overnight parking garage internet internet access again , great internet 24 24 hour reception true close close to city centre true , pretty great location business business center none that we saw disabled disabled facilities again , definitely no handicap or disabled access concierge concierge services none that we saw direct direct telephone we had a phone , never tried to use it hair hair dryer none in our room tea coffee tea coffee making broken , missing coffee refrigerator refrigerator none so now we entered our room , and weren ' t surprised that there wasn ' t a separate ' bathroom ' we expected it to be more of a hostel feel . there was a toilet surrounded by loosely hung curtains , and a shower with a broken off door and a curtain to cover the entry . this part was fine with us . there was also a bathroom across the hall , but there was never any soap at the sink the entire 5 days we were there . almost everything in the room was either filthy or broken or both . the toilet was clogged and was not fixed for 24 hours after we got there . the shower was the most god awful thing i ' ve ever experienced , fluctuating from way too hot to way too cold with nothing in between , but luckily it was broken such that the shower head only pointed straight down and trickled out , so it was easy enough to avoid the water . the blinds were torn off and broken although maintenance fixed that the second day . the shower floor was black with dirt that did not look stained , but more like it hadn ' t seen a cleaning solution in decades . the bed was the filthiest i ' ve ever stayed in and again , we ' re used to cheap hotels and hostels . the small tv was broken , the coffee maker broken and with no coffee , there was a mount to something that had broken off on a wall that had just stayed mounted . half the staff was incredibly nice , the other half incredibly rude . the parking was difficult and far away , but would have been fine had we been informed of this before hand . as mentioned earlier , the good part is that this hotel was a great location to get from the old port to the latin quarter to chinatown , and the internet was very fast a speed test put it at 5mbps . other than that , it was literally the worst stay in any hotel or hostel i or my husband have ever had with that awful , dirty , literally painful shower really sealing the deal . stay at your own risk , and only if you really , really can ' t afford anywhere else .
1			place	noisy	places	worst			one of the worst places i have ever stayed . the hotel sits in a drug dealing area of montreal , and right between two construction sites . the shower was broken . the sink was blocked . i woke up itching all over bed bugs ? and to cap it all off the manager front desk guy deliberately over charged me : i paid a deposit on line ; and then he charged me it a second time on my credit card . euggh ! be aware that their webpage says prices include all taxes and surcharges because i was also charged those twice . don ' t be fooled by photo shopped pictures : this place is a dump , the rooms are dark and the whole place intolerably noisy .
2			chicken	marinated	space	nice	experience	full	slider	surprising	slider	terrific			went for pop up charity sale event . so not yet had the full on nightlife experience . the space is very nice and the food is shockingly nicer done for a bar . we had the wasabi slider and soy wasabi chicken . both were excellent ! color me surprised . the chicken was perfectly marinated and wood grilled , doesn ' t even need the dip . the slider was terrific as well though surprising with a dim sum steamed bun style bread .
1			they	happy no	crooks	absolute	piece	unique	people	sales	people	rude	people	ignorant	consignment	worst			worst consignment store in the valley , and no wonder they are going out of business . they never attempted to sell a very unique piece of art work i brought to consign , instead they donated a day after contract expired . it ' s no wonder their sales people are rude and ignorant as they are completely unhappy they are going out of business and will never be able to open another business again these guys are absolute crooks !
2			it	amazing			i have only eaten there twice once for dinner and once for breakfast . it was amazing . i tell people to try it all the time .
2			salon	small	guys	sweet	salon	best	salon	awesome			best nail salon ever , small and awesome , the guys are super sweet and the only nail salon that hasn ' t made my fingers bleed or leave in pain , i will be attending asu for awhile so i wouldn ' t think of trusting anyone but them to fix my nails
2			anything	special	it	horrible no			it wasn ' t horrible , so it doesn ' t get one star , but there ' s nothing notable about the cuisine either . i had the chicken combo , my wife had the cod . neither of us felt there was anything special . it ' s fish and potatoes , fried . no more , no less .
1			hit	hard no	hits	hard	car	rare	experience	bad			tried to rip me off by charging me $ 22 , 000 for a car that was $ 17 , 000 right on their website ! because my car is so rare , meanwhile another honda dealership found four of them . . also explained it wouldn ' t be a hard hit on my credit and it was 5 hard hits a day for 3 days ! i will never go back again . . this is the 2nd bad experience here and with the same type of car . funny , after i complained they said they ' d honor the internet price and we can finish up the sale . never .
2			department	amazing	wash	free	they	amazing			express service department is amazing . brought my prelude for an oil change . they gave me an et of completion of 35 minutes . was in and out in 25 ! with a free car wash ! they also notified me of an oil leak i had no idea i had . they brought me in the shop and showed me the leak to see for myself . in terms of the express service department , they ' re amazing ! will definitely come back !
2			band	awesome	place	fun	band	amazing			this place was so much fun ! the band was absolutely amazing . the only reason they didn ' t get a 5th star , was because i asked the hostess a few days beforehand if there was dancing , and she said yes , the band is awesome and they move the tables out so people can dance . the band was definitely amazing , but everyone kind of just stood there and my wife wanted to dance on her bday . other than that . awesome !
1			sushi	packaged	salmon	raw	shop	alright	seating	sparse	suspicion	horrible			i don ' t know what it is about sushi shop i still go , i don ' t dislike the food , but i always leave wondering why i hadn ' t gone somewhere else . maybe it ' s because everything is so rectangular why is the sushi rectangular ? ! ? and packaged ? maybe it ' s the sparse seating and the abrupt service ? or maybe it ' s both : everything seems so manufactured . regardless , sushi shop is alright if you just want some sushi and then you want to go do something else . it ' s like mcdonalds with raw salmon instead of grease , guilt , and the horrible suspicion that you ' ve eaten something that ' s not actually food .
1			place	new	fact	simple	place	perfect	it	quick	brazilian	best	!!!!!!!	love	experiences	worst			love love love ! ! ! ! ! ! ! i ' ve had the worst experiences with waxing in the past year and a half and shortly after becoming pregnant , didn ' t bother to maintain for the simple fact that i didn ' t want to deal with any more problems . since moving to nv 3 months ago , i ' ve spent a lot of time finding a perfect place to service me . and here it is ! i think the girls name that waxed me is diane and she is absolutely badass ! the best brazilian hands down ! i can usually determine right after waxing whether i might have some issues but i highly doubt it this time . it was very clean , quick , and reasonably priced . this is my new place :
1			needs	rental	condition	great	she	aware	renters	common	tenant	great	person	bad			warning ! ! ! do not use annette carter for any rental needs . i was renting a property owned by this woman and not only did she took my entire deposit but is also trying to charge me more on top of that . i was a great tenant . i added landscaping to the house and left it in great condition . you see , she purchased this house from my friend who i was renting it from and now she is trying to charge me for everything that was broken since before she purchased the property . she was aware that the previous owner had left the house like this when she purchased it . now she wants me to pay for everything the house needed fixed when she purchased it . this is a very bad person . do not trust her . this kind of people need to be stopped ! they take advantage of common renters like you and i .
2			job	like no	view	unexpected	view	breathtaking	traffic	like no	we	lucky	it	amazing			not too long ago , i worked in green tree no this isnt deja vu of another review , i ' ve literally worked everywhere ! as much as i disliked that call center job and the traffic on the way home , i always made sure to appreciate ' the light at the end of the tunnel ' or in this case the view at the end of the tunnel . it ' s so amazing and something i always look forward too . we are so lucky to have that unexpected , breathtaking view of our city ! the city with an entrance !
2			studio	recommend	yoga	amazing			pleasantly surprised by how much i enjoy the yoga practice here . every teacher is different yet i leave each class feeling incredible . i ' m here in pittsburgh for a few months and recommend this studio over amazing yoga down the street .
2			them	sorry	i	surprised	mash	mixed	restaurants	recommend	reviews	good	appetizers	good	meal	bad	feel	sorry	appetizers	amazing	filet	bad no			i ' m so surprised to read all the good reviews as i just had a pretty bad meal . the appetizers were amazing but it seems like they promote them and then sell them at half price in happy hour to make sure the locals come in and have a good time drinking and snacking . we had the calamari and sashimi ahi tuna both were very good , especially the tuna . we then ordered lobster ravioli i ' ve had better from fresh and easy and a filet . the filet wasn ' t bad but i know packet mashed potatoes when i eat them and these were absolutely , 100 % , packet mixed mash . i was so surprised after such good appetizers . i wouldn ' t normally say anything but i just couldn ' t help it . the chef didn ' t come out , all i got was oh no , they are definitely freshly made , i eat them every day sorry but i won ' t be back and i can recommend much better locals restaurants which are much cheaper . i just feel sorry for the guests staying there who know no better
2			burgers	awesome			awesome burgers , i would return if i ever went back to montreal
1			it	like	it	horrible			after experiencing fish & chips here for the first time , my resolve was just get through the meal and never try it again . for me it was just horrible . the fish batter as just too much and the fish tasted as if it was not washed with lime or vinegar before being cooked , so i could hard keep it down . i don ' t know others seem to like it after all it has 4 . 5 stars here but i won ' t come back here .
1			credit	bad			really ? a car that is listed on kbb for $ 5000 and they told her it had a $ 12000 value cause she had bad credit . and to top that off she was quoted 28 % interest on her loan . by the time she makes all her payments she would have paid $ 27000 for a $ 5000 car . save your money ! look on the street and hire a mechanic to check out a car for you . there are great used cars out there if you take your time and find a deal . $ 85 most mechanics will hook up and diagnostic any car . rather than get raped by drive time . this is why people who have bad credit stay in the red !
1			service	worst			stay awaay ! ordered at 11pm , 2 hours later still didn ' t arrive , i called to ask where was it , they hanged up and now they are not picking up , worst service ever .
2			goodies	awesome			wow , awesome goodies for your ride , if you want to stand out from the crowd buy from alon , he will make your ride shine !
1			it	hard no	shoes	great	store	awful	i	disappointed	store	true	it	ridiculous	employees	rude	style	particular	class	high	experience	luxurious	store	horrible			i agree with other reviews the shoes are great , this store at the forum is horrible . the employees were so incredibly rude . on my last trip to vegas i was looking forward to visiting this store and buying my first pair of loubies . i had seen a particular style on the web that i liked , but couldn ' t remember the style name so i tried to describe what they looked like to the sales lady . she looked at me with annoyance and huffed well if you don ' t know the style name , i can ' t help you um , what ? what are you there for ? you don ' t know your merchandise ? ? you can ' t look on your computer or through style guide to find what i ' m talking about ? black patent peep toe mary janes it shouldn ' t be that hard . i was appalled at her rudeness ! if i ' m going to spend $ 900+ on a pair of shoes , shouldn ' t i be treated with some level of friendliness and service ? so , disappinted , i decided to try on another pair . i asked for my size , she went back and got the shoes , threw the box at me and walked away . um , isn ' t she supposed to be helping me ? the store wasn ' t even all that crowded it was ridiculous . honestly i felt like this store was more like a tourist trap like a souvenier store at disney or something , where the cattle come in to buy their trinkets . i was so very disappointed since i was really looking forward to getting a pair , but no way would i ever buy from these people . if you want a luxurious shoe shopping experience , go to a true high class store like dior or gucci where they served us champagne and did backflips in customer service to get the shoes i liked in my size they had them sent in from another store , same day within 2 hours , no charge ! the cl store is awful you ' ll get better customer service at payless .
1			job	like no	they	rude	it	true	end	high	service	worst			after reading the reviews i didn ' t think it would be true for those who rated the store a 1 store . if i could i would rate them a zero . i went in there with my husband and family hoping ill be able to purchase my very first pair of lb . waited around to be helped and having someone help you was impossible . i shouldn ' t have to ask two or three associate if they could help me get the size i need . they are just rude stuck up and snotty . to be a high end boutique this is the worst service i have ever had . i walked out with nothing because to come to think of it why would i want to spend my money there . management should really think about training their staff on customer service . if they don ' t like their job much this isn ' t the industry for them .
1			service	worst			worst customer service ever . i didn ' t know who worked there because no one greeted me or payed me any mind . a lady was within feet of me and i ' m looking at shoes no help no no
1			customers	regular	someplace	professional	service	worst			worst service ever . i sat there waiting for the lady barber for 20 minutes and she saw me as one of her regular customers . she finished the guy in front of me and then turns to me and says , oh , sorry , i have an appointment right now . these people give no consideration to someone else ' s schedule . won ' t be going back into this dump . get your hair cut from someplace that is much more professional .
1			survice	worst			well this is the last time ordering from this place , one of the workers who ' s name was cary very rudely over the phone said it would take over 2 hours to diliver our pizza after running our creddit card , i asked for a refund , the girl hung up on me , i called back and was guaranteed a pizza within the next couple of hours . nearly 3 hours went by and there was no pizza dilivered . i called back they said they decided not to put in any order . i asked for a refund again and was told i won ' t get one until 2 weeks have passed . i won ' t recommend ordering from here to anyone they have the worst customer survice ever to be provided to the public . they just lost a customer
1			girls	cute	wings	worst			brought a buddy here thinking it would be cool wrong cute girls , friendly but food sucked , grilled wings are worst i have ever had , and had to send them back twice finally after the 2nd time said we didnt want them for a 3rd first time not cooked fully and cold , 2nd time burnt and not like blackend grilled chicken , burnt burnt they took them off the bill of course but still charged us the . 59 cents for the 2nd ranch we ordered for those wing and would not take it off ! insane ok spot for a beer , but should have known better than to plan on eating at a place like this !
2			job	love	idea	great	service	amazing			great idea for wedding favors ! ! ! ! ! ! amazing customer service you can tell this guy loves his job ! !
1			service	horrible			i came into this place one evening with the intention to check out the atmosphere and pricing . as i walked in , the front desk guy is chatting with one of the girl members there . i waited patiently as i was looking around hoping another trainer or worker might acknowledge me . after 10 minutes of standing there like an idiot looking at brochures and signs , i came up and tried to get the guy ' s attention . the front desk guy just finish talking to the female member and finally asked me what i needed . i got my pricing , no promotion or other options was offered by the guy so i left disappointing . overall atmosphere looks like a hookah lounge , very dimly lit . service from the front desk was horrible , they act like they didn ' t want your business .
1			line	busy	service	worst			worst service after . mailman said he delivered my package even though i never relieved it . i was told i should have insured it . why should i pay extra to insure a package when ive already paid to have it shipped ? usps is a scam and apparently are allowed to steal packages if there isnt any insurance . ive filed a claim through him and was supposed to get a response back last week . every time i try to call the post office , the line is busy .
2			service	impeccable	experience	best	food	amazing			my wife and i recently spent our honeymoon in edinburgh and our dining experience at castle terrace was hands down the best dining experience we have ever had . the service was impeccable and the food was amazing . we had ordered the food tasting with the wine pairing . it was out of this world ! we were in the restaurant for over 4 hours we were having such a good time ! i can not recommend this restaurant enough if you are looking to splurge and celebrate .
2			target	hate	places	favorite	visits	separate	one	terrible	workers	friendly	it	clean	item	particular	one	particular	one	awesome			i hate this target . i don ' t use that word lightly , but that is how strongly i feel about this place . a few of the targets in orlando where i moved from are like this one in design : two stories , parking garage , escalators for the carts , etc . the one near where i used to live in downtown orlando was awesome : clean , friendly workers , and well organized . this one here just pisses me off every time i go in . every employee i ' ve engaged with there on my 4 separate visits has had a couldn ' t care less attitude . one employee , when i asked her where a particular item was located , told me it was in section b then walked off . target is not organized in that manner for customers . maybe that means something to the workers , but not to customers . it is rarely as clean and brightly lit as , say , the target in north hills . and don ' t get me started on the employees working in the pizza hut target food areas . i always receive attitude when i order , i don ' t get it . target used to be one of my favorite places to shop when i was back home , but this particular one is terrible . thank god for other locations .
1			hamburger	worst	salad	mediocre	eggs	overdone	experience	bad			worst hamburger i have ever tried to eat . salad was below mediocre . eggs were overdone . bacon omelet had no bacon , just bacon bits out of a jar . waitress just okay . managers owners seem to be the problem . neither owner smiled once upon our arrival , during meal or upon our departure . never going back . should have picked up something at earth fare grocery next door and taken it home . really bad experience .
2			service	friendly	we	special	food	yummy	we	full	looked	amazing			yaay someone who knows how to make an eggplant sub ! thank you ! friendly service , we were late for the lunch special but the guy gave us the deal anyway , which we appreciated . the pizza looked amazing but we were full . so i ' ll have to do an update when we get the chance to check that out . very affordable yummy food . no complaints here . :
2			place	full	i	excited	experience	horrible	i	aware	flamenco	live	felt	awkward	reviews	amazing			horrible experience ! i went there to try to have dinner and watch live flamenco for my birthday last night . i was my first time there and i was really excited because i read all of the amazing reviews this place has . i stepped in and the place was full which was understandable but my friend and i where literately standing for 15 minutes without being acknowledged . several servers walked by , stared at us and never once approached us to ask if we needed anything or perhaps to tell us that the place was closing soon because they did have a sold out event right after flamenco which i was aware of before going in . needless to say that my friend and i where confused , felt awkward , and left very disappointed in the place and we did not even get to try their food !
1			pizza	like no	potential	huge	pizza	cold	staff	bad			as other yelpers have mentioned , the staff need an attitude adjustment . i mean who doesn ' t like cold pizza since you never rang our buzzer to come get it ? my bad ! the idea behind this restaurant has huge potential . too bad the staff has such attitude .
1			meal	complete	water	regular	waiter	old	you	right	restaurant	worst			overpriced , even for vegas . two entrees that were very greasey and had no better quality then panda express , came out to 52 dollars . if you want fried rice or any side along with you entree , it costs 15 dollars . all entrees just come with a meat , and are priced between 19 30 dollars . so if you want a complete meal , do the math and see how absurd their prices are . they were under staffed , it took 15 minutes for us to get the check . the waiter asks you right off the bat still or mineral water . we assumed still meant regular water , but it was actually just a ploy for you to spend 12 dollars on water in a glass container . make sure you clarify you want ice water or soda water . overall , i ' ve been to vegas over 40 times , and this had to be the worst restaurant i have eaten at . i feel cheated for the money i spent , all i got was an old waiter who was serving the entire restaurant and panda express quality food .
1			order	big	service	poor	dining	worst			worst dining experience this trip ! started with waiter recommending not to order a dish seriously ? then waiter said order delayed due to sushi order wrong . they said redoing the sushi and right out . 15 min later the excuse was a big order in front of us . finally 1 . 5 hours later we finally called a manager over for the check . they comped the appetizers and my daughter ' s sushi while making excuses all the way . poor service . definitely on the never again while in vegas list .
1			we	tired	women	pleasant	availability	longer	bed	bad no	couple	lovely	place	worth no	internet	fast	odor	strong	excuse	sorry	discount	military	people	rude	duty	active	smells	bad			no no no . first off , we did not stay here because we wanted to . my husband and i are both active duty and we were staying in base lodging , but had to move here when there was no longer availability for us on base were waiting to close on a house . when we called to make reservations , the women who we spoke to was pleasant enough . she had told us that there were utensils and other things provided for the kitchenette . we walked in and i swear i wanted to turn right back around . it reminded me of an 80s massacre movie porn film . the kitchenette had a butter knife , 2 forks and 2 spoons and a few glasses . we went down to the front desk and they said they ' d try to get something for us and we had a few pots delivered the next day . needless to say we ended up buying a cutting board , some knives and other essentials for cooking a meal . our refrigerator was broken and didn ' t work , luckily they came out and swapped it that same day . we also wanted them to check on our ac because i swear that thing is possessed . they came to look at it but said there was nothing they can do unless it stops working . it wakes us up every few hours with groans and pounding noises and screeches . its not fun at all . the towels are a joke , if you want to call them towels . on the plus , the internet is pretty fast though . we were stuck with a room of 2 double beds . we thought one of the mattresses smelled of urine but nope , come to find out , there is an amazingly strong odor of urine just under the bed on the carpet ! yay ! it smells so bad . the other double bed wasn ' t as bad . . we only found one bug crawling in it so far . ugh ! this place is not worth the money even with the sorry excuse for a military discount . i was considering moving into my coworkers rv instead of living here , but we are so tired of moving all our stuff around . oh yeah and the housekeeping only comes once a week if you want it more often it costs extra . . i think they said $ 40 . not worth it ! do not stay here if you have kids you care about or don ' t want to witness drug possession . on our way to and from the pool there is a lovely couple of people sitting at their couches rolling smoking blunts in there with the door open . i wish i could not give any stars . the people at the front desk are so rude as well .
1			they	rude	service	worst			don ' t waste your money . i ' ve had several manicures pedicures in my lifetime , and the service here was surely the worst . they were rude . jenny hurt my foot when she was shaving off the calluses because she was looking the other way . not even paying attention to what she was doing . that happened twice . i usually do my gel nails at home , but thought i ' d give myself a treat by going here . wrong . i could have done better than lien . my fingernails were filed crooked , as were one of my toenails if i hadn ' t noticed and had jenny straighten it out . very unhappy with the service here . groupon or not , i will not go back .
1			meal	worst			i think that was just about the worst meal i ever ate . i ended up throwing half of it away . yuck
2			place	best	mac	amazing	cheese	amazing			3 words oh my god ! this was the best place we went to the entire time in vegas ! the lobster mac and cheese was amazing ! ! i wanted it the entire time ! ! this is a must go in vegas
2			credit	excellent	jacobs	amazing			harry jacobs is amazing . he found stuff on my credit that wasn ' t even mine . then he got it removed . i ' m now enjoying excellent credit ,
1			food	love	restaurant	worst			the worst italian restaurant in montreal area ! ! ! if you really love italian food don ' t go there ! ! ! ! ! !
2			place	small	snack	quick	they	good	sushi	new	classes	close	drinks	amazing			this place is small , but it serves the purpose , so far i have only tried the teriyaki chicken and the new york sushi and they are actually really good . it is conveniently located near asu which is a plus for me since i have classes that are close by , so whenever i get hungry i walk a block and get a quick snack . also their boba drinks are amazing !
2			guy	cool	food	awesome	bacon	spicy	food	huge	blt	best	place	awesome	it	special	way	funny	service	awesome			amaze balls ! this place is awesome ! we ate twice in one weekend . if you have to wait , no worries , its worth it ! the food and service was awesome ! we had a realy cool guy serving us and giving us a hard time but in a super funny way ! the food was all huge so be prepared ! i are the best blt ever in my life . it was the lunch special . jalepenos and spicy bacon . yum ! ! will go back again next time !
2			results	awesome			i ' ve been training with miranda for about a year . she tailors my workout for me , pushes me to do more than i think i can do , and the results are awesome . plus she gets up at the crack of dawn to accommodate my schedule .
2			crew	new	jeans	low	place	bad no			totally not a bad place but my experience was a bit tainted by one of the staff . he had his jeans low and his underwear hanging out trendy i know but he always seemed to be on the verge of losing his britches . he handled his underwear as much as he handled menus and food . thats an issue . i would have told the manager but there didn ' t seem to be one . this place will get better as it matures and a lot of the initial new hire crew is separated out and we find out who is wheat and who is chaff .
2			i	skeptical	matter	timely	tony	excellent	they	busy	experience	pleasant	staff	attentive	you	awesome	location	frank	food	good	glasses	empty	job	amazing			this is the second time coming to genghis grill and to tell you the true i was a little skeptical in going in again because the service the first time at the tempe market where waitresses and waiters were very indiferent to even check periodically or ask if we needed . anything else also it took a while to get . a re fill on a glass of my iced tea which i set in purppose at the edge of the table empty while staff kept going by acting like it they were very busy also we waited a long time to get our check , the food was good overall my experience at the frank lloyd wright location was very much rewarding and pleasant the staff was very joyfull and attentive to detail , from the moment we enter the door we were welcome and seated promply by the host and told that tony will be our waiter which he did an amazing job starting by introducing himself and accomodating us with anything we needed our glasses of iced tea were never empty and check on us in a timely matter i end up taking food home and a container for my iced tea provided by tony over all service was excellent tony you are awesome we will be back again for sure .
1			attitudes	bad			guy behind counter seemed to be texting when we walked in and a bit bothered that we said we had not been before whats good ? i just walked out i dont have time for bad attitudes . my husband walked out with a green tea . it was green tea .
1			!!!	central	service	terrible	place	horrible			this place is horrible ! do not eat here ! the food is over priced , and the service is terrible ! ! i came in and ordered the chicken burger and salad which was over priced and tasted like shit . it took over half an hour to get the food and once i got it there was a larva in my salad ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! if you want insects in your food come to central ! ! ! yay !
1			minutes	long	fix	needed	enough	great	beer	cheap	view	perfect	girl	angry	reason	main	stuff	random	colors	bright	felt	bad			styled like dos gringos with bright colors and the whole random stuff stuck to different surfaces you walk in and get in the cattle drive line with a perfect view of the menu plastered to the wall . great , easy enough . their menu has all the basics , and the main reason to visit , super cheap beer ! ! ! ! our visit we had to wait 15 long minutes because the girl taking orders and pouring beer broke a glass into the rest of the glasses , having to cease all beer orders for what felt like forever . i get it , shit happens , you drop stuff , but hello attitude . i even gave her a tip because i felt bad and tried to laugh it off with her , but to no avail . they never brought the beer over once it was all situated and had to hunt down someone to give us our much needed friday fix . the food was eh not a fan of the sauce on the shrimp tacos . overall , i would go just to drink cheap beer just don ' t make the girl behind the counter angry then you ' ll never see your beer .
2			pricing	fair	gabe	awesome			gabe was awesome . honest and clean . fair pricing .
2			bartender	great	dessert	unique	it	amazing			asked around for a unique dessert in montr u00e8al and was told about the mille fuille at chez delmo . it was amazing along with their chocolate hazelnut torte ! had a bellini too . our bartender was really great to talk to . will go again when i ' m back in canada .
1			i	glad	it	interesting	desert	cream	sandwich	proper no	dinner	late	things	frustrating	reviews	negative	office	corporate	day	bad			late dinner , could have been our last . i really try not to post totally negative reviews cause everyone is entitled to have a bad day , but this one takes the cake . when we arrived at about 8 : 30 they were doing thier nightly cleaning . it appears as if the ice cream machine was being clean , so no ice cream desert , one section of the dining room was closed off and blocked with chairs , which by the way was also blocking a fire exit , i told the manager but she just knodded her head , admited the exit was block and then went back to work , without moving the chairs . i ' m sure glad it didn ' t catch fire while we were eating . if you are wondering what kind of problem a couple of chairs could cause , just think something like beverly hills supper club fire , in the 1970 ' s . althought the food tasted o . k . , the side dishes were not with the proper sandwich , making things a little frustrating . i ' ve e mail the corporate office about the whole blocking the exit thing , it will be interesting to hear what they have to say . i ' ll update when i hear from them .
2			beer	good	food	awesome			lots of good beer and awesome food . next time i visit charlotte i am definitely going back .
2			place	love	service	slow	food	great	they	busy	food	decent	service	awesome			i used to love this place , the food was great and the service was awesome . however for the past year it seems like a revolving door of management and staff . the food is decent now , but the service is so slow , even when they only have a few tables for lunch it still takes way over an hour to get in and out . i have noticed lately the only time they are busy at lunch is when there is a convention in town . it ' s a shame this used to be great .
2			them	bland	concept	great	ingredients	key	base	good	impression	great	it	bad no			the concept of maki taco is great : creative , build our own tacos . the problem is in the execution . i got the panang fish tacos at chow down uptown and really the only word to describe them was bland . the corn tortilla far overpowered anything in it . it wasn ' t bad , it just wasn ' t . add to this the fact that they were clearly overwhelmed with folks and you get a list of several key ingredients they were out of and a more than a 20 minute wait for food truck food . i would give maki taco another shot , but only if they were less mobbed . they have a good base to work with , but that night , when they could have made a great impression , they just weren ' t turning it out .
2			it	nice	food	delicious	experience	amazing			the food is so delicious & it is so nice to go somewhere that knows what customer service is must pop next door for dessert to complete the amazing experience
2			fries	cold	fries	crispy	fries	skinny	sandwich	good	city	awesome			i was rushed the moment i got in the door . i ordered a bbq beef brisket sandwich , which was good , but the fries which were skinny and crispy had potential , but were cold and overcooked . the waitress definitely wanted to be somewhere else , was not inviting environment , so will definitely shoot for another place next time in pittsburgh , although the city as a whole is awesome !
2			food	fresh	i	addicted	it	amazing	omg	amazing			omg i am addicted we moved here alittle over a year ago and this was the first place we ate at on fremont . since then we go as offten as we can service is amazing as always and the food is so fresh and always consistent . also i had to work on my birthday so my husband and kids drove from south west vegas to fremont to get me my birthday dinner and bring it to the palazzo and it was still amazing ! ! ! love this place cant wait to take my friends from ca there next week ! !
1			place	bad			bad place to watch any game . they play load music while people were trying to watch the world cup game on tvs that don ' t have speakers . we din ' t order anything and ended up going down to chayo kitchen & tequila bar . there we watched both soccer games with a couple of buckets of corona light have to watch the calories so we can eat and drink more .
1			i	shocked	environment	fun	service	worst	it	bad			fun environment but probably the worst customer service ever ! ! ! ! ! ! we had a party of 20 come in , the screwed up the orders and my friend got a completely different order . the waitress had the nerve to tell us she did not screw up and that it ' s just to bad and he had to eat it . i was shocked and when i commented , she ran away to get her supervisor . eventually they gave in and corrected the order . horrible ! ! !
1			tender	pathetic	service	worst			don ' t come here ! ! ! ! worst customer service ever ! bar tender is the manager and is pathetic . refused to open a bottle of grey goose that was clearly on the shelf . they only care about making money and spanking people who don ' t finish their burgers ! what a waste of my time !
1			experience	bad			food came out cold and burgers were clearly frozen . manager refused a refund , didn ' t apologize and clearly didn ' t care that we had a bad experience . overrated
1			mattress	new	!!!!!!!!!!!	horrible			i had a similar experience with this store as another reviewer . i too had bought a mattress and bed . they forgot to deliver either as scheduled . when i called they saidf they didnt forget but the delivery guys sold them out and totally said they forgot . then they only delivered the new mattress and not the bed . bed had to be delviered the next day . then two weeks later i noticed they didnt assemble the bed very well so i went to tighten the headboard . thats when i realized why they didnt tighten it all the way , the stripped the bolts ! ! ! walter , the manager , assured me he would have this taken care of and i have never heard from the store again ! ! ! horrible ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
1			place	suck	thing	good	service	slow	tho	good	food	mediocre	salsa	bad			this place sucks i ' ve been waiting 40 minutes for my to go order . what ' s the deal ? i ' ve been waiting 40 minutes for 1 taco and a burrito good thing i smoked before and i don ' t have anything else to do but wait for this mediocre food that is conveniently placed a mile from my house . thanks for the bad salsa and slow service . the food was good tho .
1			pork	pulled	brisket	fatty	pork	decent	place	popular	quality	low	cheese	horrible			have to say i have passed this several timds and really excited to finally try it ! so sadly disappointed ! the pulled pork was decent but the brisket was very fatty and swimming in oil grease . the mac n cheese was horrible ! dry , almost no cheese and old like i got the last scoop of the night ! cole slaw was more like a bowl of cabbage . no flavor at all and dry ! ! no sauce or dressing at all ! this place is mostly popular at lunch and maybe the food is better then but not for dinner ! ! really sad to print this . . . sorry won ' t be returning or recommending ! price way too high for this low quality :
1			restaurant	new	waitress	friendly no	restaurant	terrible	looks	miserable	it	cold	tasted	terrible	it	bad			terrible restaurant ! out waitress was not friendly and didn ' t check on us . all the staff looks miserable . you expect more from a new restaurant . food comes and it ' s cold . the potatoes weren ' t cooked , sent the food back they offered to remake it but choose not to eat . tasted terrible anyways asked for more coffee and the waitress threw it on the table . that ' s when i had enough and went and got the manager . i ' m sitting here in the restaurant writing this because it was that bad ! we should have walked out when we walked in because we heard one of the employees apologizing to someone on the phone .
2			people	weird	people	creative	things	creepy	collection	amazing			had a scary good time at this amazing collection of haunted houses . they were well paced to keep you guessing and your heart pumping . congrats to the very creative and weird people who think up these creepy things .
2			staff	friendly	staff	welcoming	doctors	nicest	spa	med	transplants	amazing			modena is a conveniently located med spa , with a friendly and welcoming staff . dr . yazdan is one of the nicest doctors i have met and truly experienced in his field . he will be my skin care specialist for a long time coming . dr . yazdan also does amazing hair transplants !
1			intersection	busy	one	particular	getgo	typical	lot	tiny	store	tiny	place	hate	place	worst			i ' ve hated this place since it was a bp . and even though the name has changed , nothing else has . this place is by far the worst of the worse . this particular one is located at a very busy intersection where five roads meet . so just picture that when attempting to enter exit this place . and to speak of the overcrowding of this tiny lot isn ' t even worth it . the tiny store that goes along with this place is as much of a joke as you can imagine . they have attempted to shove as much as they could in here to make it look like a typical getgo . right down to the atm . save your time and drive a few more miles to a different gas station , you ' ll surely save a headache by doing so .
2			clubs	insane	jessica	great	bus	sick	host	amazing			best dam night ever ! ! ! double decker party bus was sick ! and the clubs were insane ! def worth the $ $ and host are amazing ! jessica was great ! this is a must if you are in vegas ! ! ! can ' t wait to go back and club crawl ! !
2			they	friendly	feel	cramped no	everything	clean	pedicure	amazing	coat	clear	itself	awesome	it	crazy	conversation	great	everything	trendy	ladies	fabulous	it	sized	they	easy	lingo	official	place	awesome	felt	incredible	sangria	awesome			after taking part in the yelp burgh bash a few months ago , there were a few places that stood out to me that i knew i wanted to try one being metamorphosis . my boyfriend was shocked when i told him i never had a pedicure i don ' t think it ' s that crazy so we gladly accepted their gift bags coupons and finally booked an appointment . the place itself is awesome . everything is clean , hip and trendy . it ' s decently sized and i didn ' t feel cramped like you do at some spas salons . the pedicure was amazing ! wow ! what took me so long . my feet felt incredible after and i want to go back . i would go into detail about what the pedicure consisted of but not only do i not totally remember , but i don ' t know the official lingo of everything . i will say there was some clipping , scrubbing , cleaning and painting just a clear coat ! haha ! . oh , yeah , they also allow you to bring some booze and have some stocked for your pleasure as well . awesome sangria ! huuuuge shout out to the fabulous ladies at the salon . they were friendly and totally easy going . we had great conversation and i felt at ease through the whole process . thanks ! we ' re already planning to head back for facials and i may be buying a few christmas presents here as well . shhh ! ;
1			business	bad			friday night . completely empty . i learned a lesson : check before i pay cover . i had a a group and we barely walked 5 feet in and turned around to politely asked for a return . they were completely dismissive . bad business practice . they lost business from us .
2			service	good no	options	numerous	occasion	special	it	bad no			my girlfriend and i dined at this place tonight . it wasn ' t bad , but there are dozens of better options for italian food here locally . actually , there are numerous better options within a five mile radius . very lackluster , and the service wasn ' t even good . i probably won ' t go back unless invited by someone else for a special occasion or something .
1			food	bad	room	living	joints	great	it	horrible	place	great	service	bad			i went to sushi room last week and it was horrible . the service and food was real bad . i live in chandler and there are a handful of great sushi joints in the area , this is not one of them . to start , the waiting staff was wearing street clothes , ie tee shirt and jeans with stains . secondly , they were out of the first 2 things i attempted to order . thirdly , no one knew what type of fish was on the sashimi platter it took 3 employees to explain one would be tuna , tyellowtail , and the last 3 are just chosen randomly . so , when we received our sashimi platter , 3 5 fish were seared i definitely will not go back . the living room is a great place to go for food and drinks and i have been going there for a while , the sushi room should be located in the bathroom of the living room , not adjacent .
1			thing	disappointing	employees	sick	lunch	nice	she	sick	reason	sole	drinks	available	place	good	feel	bad	drinks	excellent	food	good	academics	many	job	decent	reviewers	many	service	bad			the porch was a welcomed addition to the space near the cathedral of learning for going out after academic talks or taking visiting scholars to a nice lunch in a good looking place nearby . the food was good enough although limited as many other reviewers have pointed out , and the drinks are excellent and they have a variety of beers available . this place has gone downhill since it first opened , however particularly the service . i have only had one server in this place do even a halfway decent job , and i think he was actually a dishwasher or cook filling in for a server during a desolate lunch shift . every other time , the server takes upwards of 20 minutes to bring drinks , it ' s like pulling teeth to get a pitcher of water delivered to the table , and forget about asking for refills or silverware or condiments they ' ll stop by the table and only take one person ' s request , then disappear for another 20 minutes , after which you ' ll need to remind them of your request . the most disappointing thing happened just yesterday , when one server who was working a dinner happy hour service announced that she was sick with the flu that ' s been going around as she delivered my colleague ' s salad to the table . i feel bad for the woman for being sick and working through it , of course , but perhaps management should allow their sick employees to take nights off so they don ' t feel the need to announce their misery to their customers . in short , the service in this place is so bad that the food doesn ' t even make it worth going . however , it remains the closest and most viable option for many academics in the area , and i think that is the sole reason this place will continue to survive .
1			company	worst			worst company ever ! ! ! ! no customer service . if you call on sunday you ' re out of luck and they don ' t care ! !
1			opening	grand	opening	supposed	professionals	young	you	lucky	it	bad			i went to the supposed grand opening of joystixx gamer ' s lounge inside of hooters last night after april s . and melissa s . promoted it at the vegas young professionals mixer thursday night . as you drive in , you get the feeling that you are entering the ghetto as you try to maneuver around the parking garage . once you enter the casino , it gets even worse , so much so that you are extremely lucky to get a cell signal in the place . you find joystixx in a corner near the buffet and they have an air hockey table and some pool tables near the front and at least 3 rows of video games as well as some basketball hoops and skee ball . i ' ve been to insert coins on fremont and that place is heaven compared to what joystixx is trying to accomplish . my friends and i left after about an hour since there was no one in there . we don ' t think the place will last very long especially if they don ' t advertise or try to advertise as something they are obviously not . there is honestly no comparison to dave & busters at all . it ' s pretty bad when the employees outnumber the clientele .
1			food	bad	fries	loaded	place	recommend no	pizza	burnt	beer	warm	cheese	burnt	way	defensive	fries	ok	service	bad			i wanted beer and pizza one night and this place was recommended by a friend . i will never go back there . my beer was warm . my waiter couldn ' t give me any advice about their beer list and the pizza was burnt . nothing worse than burnt cheese and pepperoni . we had also ordered loaded fries which were just okay , however , our order for them came after we had finished half the pizza . when i asked the man who brought us our pizza he said in a really defensive way that he was simply the pizza guy and didn ' t know a thing about the fries . i would not recommend this place . ever . bad food . bad service .
1			they	busy no	experience	horrible			ten members of my family made reservations for sunday brunch today for mother ' s day ! horrible experience for service and especially the food ! first off for 35 dollars per person their hardly was any food out , and what was out was dried out and hardly edible . so right off the bat 3 people in our party decided against doing the brunch because of how bad it looked so they ordered from the menu . i would love to tell you how that was but they never received their food . the rest of us still tried the brunch because the waitress promised more food nothing got better even down to not having any plates . they weren ' t even busy so i don ' t know what happened with that . worst part was we told the waitress how we felt and i ' m sure she could see how displeased we were and didn ' t even offer to make things right so after 230 . 00 bill we left hungry and angry . by the way at least 2 different customers were nodding their head and felt how we did do yourself a favor pay 10 bucks more and hit up the phoenician for mother ' s day brunch .
1			diagnostician	excellent	guy	little	day	rare	experience	consistent	review	bad	things	good	review	concerned	poodle	little	people	many	experience	good	vet	right	visits	frequent	day	bad			i saw the bad review posted here and was quite concerned as it may have reflected the rare bad day we are all subject to once in a while . we have taken our little poodle to dr . mccomb for about 9 years . dr . mccomb just operated on our dog ' s orthopedic issues in his neck . everything went very very well , our little guy was treated in the best possible way . the doctor even let me go in the recovery room to comfort my dog . it was serous surgery but our dog is doing great now . we do have to see dr . mc comb fairly often as our dog has several issues that require frequent visits . dr . mccomb is an excellent diagnostician and a very skilled surgeon . we send many people there with confidence . everyone we have sent there has had nothing but very good things to say . if you get the right vet . . you save money because the malady is identified and treated sooner and the animal suffers alot less . our experience at crossroads clinic has been very good and very consistent . please give another chance to someone who might have had a bad day or maybe is not feeling well on that day . at least do it for your pet .
1			room	separate	draft	favorite	wings	awesome	service	bad			i have been here several times now and have never had bad service . one time my son and i went to watch ufc the bar was packed so they put us in a separate room with a tv to the fights . the sleepy dog is my favorite draft and the smoked wings are awesome .
1			experience	enjoyable	everything	cold	chipotle	worst			this chipotle is possibly the worst chipotle i ' ve been to since i ' ve lived in phoenix . i ' ve been here about 5 times and only had an enjoyable experience once . my friends and i went last night and got a chicken burrito bowl and a quesadilla . literally everything in the burrito bowl was cold , including the chicken , beans and rice . the quesadilla was a chicken , cheese and fajita veggie quesadilla which was sorely lacking in the chicken and the veggies and we were charged as if it was a chicken burrito ! worst chipotle ever . never returning .
1			place	love	we	confused	stomach	terrible	it	dry	meal	great no	itself	great no	service	terrible	i	sick	deal	special	part	worst	shawarma	great no	attitude	bad	it	kind	it	love	day	bad			so i ' ve been here two other times before and loved it . this time , however , was a different story all together . maybe it was because my husband and i finally decided to buy the groupon that has been on there for weeks , but either way , our experience was less than desirable . the staff said hello pleasantly enough when we came in , but then the guy taking our order started to have a bad attitude and not listen . my husband knew exactly what he wanted , what type of meat on his wrap , etc . , and ordered it that way . the guy then nearly screaming , mind you asked him at least three more times while making the wrap if he wanted chicken or steak . we had our kids and their friend with us also maybe the larger group caused the bad attitude ? not sure and the guy did the same thing to my son a few times , as well . we got combos on the meals majority of them and when we got to check out , my husband presented the groupon . the girl then told us with the groupon we couldn ' t get the combos . we were a little confused as to why we couldn ' t get fries and a drink and had to ask her several times before she managed to properly explain that the combo was a ' special deal ' and we could only do one deal per transaction . we told her that ' s fine then and to ring the fries and drinks up separately . we still wanted those regardless of price . it took quite a while to get the fries , which was fine as we ate our actual food until then , but the steak shawarma itself was actually not that great this time . it was dry and kind of crusty , and i myself had a terrible stomach ache the rest of the night like i was going to be sick . the worst part was they kept belittling another employee in there in front of us and ignoring him by speaking spanish to each other and kept telling him to get in the back . in spanish they ' d say they didn ' t want him up front with them and to send him in the back . honestly this visit really upset me because the other times i absolutely loved this place but i don ' t feel like i ' d go back now due to this experience . maybe it was a bad day for these guys but it definitely produced terrible service and a not so great meal .
1			service	slow	pizza	good	wings	lackluster	bartenders	friendly	tasted	good	selection	great	wings	small	it	stellar no	bartenders	knowledgeable	mushroom	mellow	cookie	special	it	hard	food	like	service	bad			while i like the food at mellow mushroom , the service is bad enough to make that not matter so much . i have found i get much better service at the bar than at a table , but it ' s still not stellar . upon coming in , the five employees standing at the hostess stand made it seem like they were doing me a favor to stop their conversation and acknowledge me . i ended up going to the bar just to spite them . the bartenders were friendly and knowledgeable about the beers , but not the wines . also , the service was pretty slow once i got my initial drink , it was hard to get them to look at me again . i will say the vegetarian selection are great and tasted good . the pizza is also pretty good , mainly because of the crust . the wings are lackluster and small . i ordered a cookie to take with me and it took 15 minutes for someone to bring it out . this made me think it was being baked fresh or something but it was just a cold , not so special cookie probably made the day before . this place competes directly with duckworth ' s so my prediction is the one with the better food and service will be the one to survive .
2			place	beaten	restaurant	clean	bbq	awesome			great off the beaten path place . clean restaurant , awesome bbq . the pictures say it all .
2			food	awesome	hostess	polite	!!!!!	fantastic	prices	cheap	waiter	awesome			this is the third time my family has been to this resturant . we live in california so we make it a point to come to the palace staion to eat there . the food is awesome ! and the house salad omg so tastee . and the prices are so unbeliveble cheap for what you get . and the sevice fantastic ! ! ! ! ! our waiter was awesome , and the hostess was also polite i just wish they had a pasta cucina in my town ! ! !
2			place	love	i	glad	mc	recommend	vegas	love	menus	impressive	spot	great	dates	stuffed	gina	awesome			woohoo ! love this place ! so thankful for yelp when traveling . we were able to find this place and give it a try and just fell in love . the drink and food menus are quite impressive . our waitress gina was awesome ! ! ! we sat ourselves in the bar area facing the entrance and walk way by blue man group . so we were in a great spot for people watching . i am not really a drinker so i always order what i know and this time my husband asked for recommendations and i am so glad he did ! gina recommended the mc 11 and boy was it yummy ! i think i had like 3 of them 2 at dinner and 1 to go ! gotta love vegas ! we ordered : poutine french fries with duck and cheese curd devils on horseback blue cheese stuffed dates wrapped in bacon food 5 stars beer and cocktails 5 stars service 5 stars gina rocked ! you have to check out this gastropub especially if you are a foodie ! cheers
1			sausage	disgusting	breakfast	bad	cream	old	service	bad			this review is for breakfast only . unbelievably bad breakfast . wobbly table , bad service , had to ask for salt , pepper , napkin and silverware . cream for coffee was old and curdled , sausage was disgusting , eggs not the way i ordered them . coffee lousy too . i recommend you eat anywhere but here for breakfast . seemed like cafeteria food .
1			experience	horrible	she	sorry	look	nice	issue	bad			i bought a groupon for a facial and i made my appointment and took the day off from work . i showed up 15 minutes early only to be told that my appointment is at their jones location . if you have the henderson address on groupon and yelp and only 1 phone number to call then how are we to know they have a second office ? what a waste of my time and money . i ' m going to try to get my money back from groupon since this was such a horrible experience . this place seems to have a really bad scheduling issue and it was a pain for me to even get an appointment . the lady at the desk at the office only said that she was sorry and there was nothing that she could do . i was really looking forward to it too . i do have to say that the office did seem to look pretty nice too bad i didn ' t get to have my facial and i wasted a vacation day .
1			employees	nice	tacos	big	pork	pulled	cameron	awesome	reviews	poor	tip	quick	victoria	battered	pork	awesome	salsas	great	server	awesome	service	quick	tacos	awesome	season	busy	service	bad			evette our server was awesome ! quick service . all the employees were really nice . sat at bar table . had the guacamole and chips . really tasty and a little bit of spice . did a variety of tacos . their taco menu resembles a sushi menu in that there are probably like 20 or so and you check off how many you want . pulled pork , the cameron or shrimp tacos in beer battered victoria were awesome . even have a pork taco that has cactus grilled in it . salsas were great . tacos are nice size but not too big . get a bunch of them and enjoy . they have all the mexican beers in bottles and draft plus looked like a ton of tequilas . quick tip ! ! ! ! if you go in during the busy winter season , if they say they are completely booked ask if you can grab a table that needs to be cleared before the next reservation . quite a number of people arrived at 5 : 40pm for example and were told if you can be done by 7pm then you can have a table right now as opposed to waiting 2 hours . not sure why some people claim the service here is bad or give it poor reviews because servers suggest drinks or apps . thats what they are supposed to do ! .
1			sticks	chewy	services	slow	food	gooey	food	gross	place	empty	portions	huge	lunch	slow	horrible	horrible			horrible , horrible , horrible ! whatever you do , do not eat here , go anywhere else . we came here on a slow lunch day i mean the place was practically empty . the services was painfully slow , took so long just to get acknowledged and the food took even longer . the portions are huge and the food was gross . we ordered a chicken fettuccine and bread sticks . the food was gooey and clumpy , and the bread sticks were chewy . this place makes olive garden look like a 5 start restaurant . avoid .
2			place	great	woman	friendly	lotion	hot	message	awesome	chairs	great	man	friendly	salon	new	lotion	awesome			my guy and i decided to try this new salon that just opened a couple months ago . the man and woman working there are so friendly ! we were chatting the whole time . as soon as we sat down they offered l us water . the chairs are great and the water color changes as you sit there , kinda cool . the pedicure includes a hot lotion and rock message that is awesome ! great place , we will be back !
1			butthole	little	girl	nice	girl	horrible	encounter	awkward	service	decent	encounter	comfortable no	service	bad			i will be going back to petsmart first off , the girl at the front desk with the blue eyeshadow was horrible at talking to customers made the entire encounter really awkward and uncomfortable . cash only business which i find odd , but okay . they did not call me when my dogs were done , instead i called them 4 hours after i dropped my dogs off to find out what the deal was and blue eyeshadow girl told me that she had already called me and they had been done for a while ummm no you didn ' t call me , and if you did why would you not leave a message ? yep , she was lying . in the places ' s defense the blonde girl in the back doing the grooming was really nice and my dogs came back super soft , although instead of just trimming up my pom ' s butt they totally shaved it and i am stuck seeing his little butthole all the time until his hair grows back a little . i would not go back . bottom line : decent groom bad customer service up front .
2			productions	recommend	job	amazing			we hired bruno productions for our wedding reception all i can say is wow . john did an amazing job . we were so happy with his work and all of our guests were telling us how much they enjoyed his music . we would recommend bruno productions to anyone who is looking for a dj ! thanks again john mr & mrs kiers :
1			idea	cute	approach	trendy	tables	small	location	cute	mary	good	clientele	cute	place	good	restaurant	solid	thighs	crusted	look	charming	idea	bad			oh , please . might be a good place for drinks , but it was a bust for brunch . when you occupy an historic building you might think you go for a look that ' s either charming or edgy , and bar marco is neither . tables are small , chairs not all that comfortable , the servers lean toward pretense and away from professionalism flatware but no napkins ? who does that ? my friend asked for decaf and got a no dripping with sarcasm , as if to say , we don ' t treat our beans that way . on to the food : the bloody mary was good , if skimpy . a dish billed as fried chicken with dandelion greens , topped with a fried egg yeah , screw heart disease consisted of two overly crusted and overly fried thighs completely concealing a half dozen threads of wilted to death greens . when you have guest chefs , you can ' t hang crap food on the kitchen because they can simply blame the guest . i know this approach is trendy but it ' s a bad idea because the secret of every solid restaurant is consistency , cute idea , though , cute location , cute clientele , but if i want to eat cute , i ' ll trim my chia pet and skip bar marco .
1			crew	new	food	horrible	i	regular	chipotle	bad	everything	bland	chipotle	worst			they need a new crew at the location immediately . the food is so horrible my kid wouldn ' t eat it , bc it had no flavor . everything is always bland and the line has crumbs littered everywhere . this is the worst chipotle i ' ve ever been to in my life . i ' m a regular so i know bad chipotle when i see one . they don ' t pay attention to your request , so you have to repeat you order over and over . that ' s the third time this has happened in a month . i ' m done personally , save your time and avoid this location . drive to the camelback location or go downtown . trust me !
1			look	welcoming	i	surprised	money	less	i	aware no	patio	decent	flavor	nice	seemed	crazy	deal	good	food	little	drink	short	service	friendly	food	terrible	food	ok	dish	like	everyone	friendly	patio	sized	it	awkward	service	fast	service	bad			i ate here once a few weeks back with a groupon that was about to expire . i went with my mom and husband and we got there just as the restaurant was opening for dinner service . i wasn ' t aware that they closed between lunch and dinner so when we showed up right before 5 it was a little awkward . i almost thought it had closed down because it looked that way from the outside . they have a decent sized patio in the front that is not utilized . the place would look so much more welcoming if something was done with the front of the building . so we get in and are seated . not long after three more parties show up and are seated while we were dining . the service was fast and friendly as our waiter quickly came over to take drink and food orders . i asked some questions about what was vegan on the menu and the waiter pointed out a few items and we picked out two , and my mom got a lamb dish . the two dishes we ordered were the masala aloo gobi , which is a potato and cauliflower curry , and chana masala , which was a chickpea with curry spices . my mom and husband also ordered some bread for the table , which i didn ' t eat because it contained dairy . the food was ok . i was surprised by both how simple they were and the portion sizes considering our entrees were ten dollars each . i felt like i could have made this at home for no more than a few dollars of ingredients . i was also expecting some heat in the dishes , but there was none . there was a nice curry flavor but i didn ' t feel like the dishes lived up to the name of the restaurant . my mom liked her lamb dish but also said that she has had better elsewhere . the final bill for three entrees , the bread , and my husband ordered a mango drink was a couple dollars short of $ 50 , which seemed crazy to me considering how little food is actually given . after some thought , i most likely wont be returning here . it ' s not that the food was terrible or the service was bad , everyone was actually really friendly , i just don ' t feel like we got a good deal , and i feel that i could make curry just as well or better than here on my own and for a lot less money .
2			taste	awesome			unfortunately has closed it ' s doors . bummer because i heard so much about the awesome taste and had a hankering for some cake . maybe next time . the four stars i ' m giving it are for those who ' ve told me how good the cupcakes are .
2			pancakes	love	babystacks	excited	something	new	aroma	amazing			babystacks i love pancakes and i love babystacks my vegas family took me here for brunch and boy was i excited ! the moment we parked the car , my nose knew we were where we should be . as i floated to the door towards that amazing aroma , i noticed the place was packed with locals . score ! ! ! i had the red velvet with cream cheese icing , heavennnnnn . i also had the peanut butter and jelly . the batter was peanut butter . need i say more ? ! ? ! they also have spam and eggs , awesome ! i just want to try them all ! will someone come with me so i can order something new and try a bit of yours too ?
1			opinion	greatest	friend	local	food	ok	service	bad			i ' m in from out of town , my friend who is local and had gone once before didn ' t have the greatest opinion . it took 45 minutes for our food to come out and i asked for a sprite later and it took 15 minutes for me to get that . service is bad , food was ok .
2			butter	good	toast	weird	toast	amazing			nothing special . had an omelette and it tasted like something i ' d have in a buffet line . their toast is amazing though as weird as it sounds . good butter ! ! may come back to try speciality pancakes !
2			service	great	everything	love	they	awesome			love everything about baby stacks , they are awesome ! ! ! great service & food ! must visit anytime in vegas ! ! !
2			price	good	sum	dim	selection	amazing			awesome dim sum ! ! ! ! good price and amazing selection . my only complaint is that it ' s a mystery at times what you are getting as some of the server ' s are not good with speaking english . maybe some pics with explanations would help . i highly recommend eating here .
1			one	suck	lines	atrocious	festival	bad			atrocious lines , poorly planned . if you thought the roosevelt food truck festival was bad , this one sucked ! i ' m going to try to get my money back from groupon !
1			staff	friendly	wasabi	regular	food	good	selection	excellent	saki	nice	wasabi	fresh	service	bad			after walking out of osaka due to their bad service we decided to give naka sushi a try . we chose the all you can eat option for $ 21 . 95 for adults and $ 10 . 95 for the kids . the staff was friendly , the food was good , the saki was very nice . the included item selection was excellent . my only complaint was the lack of fresh wasabi totally different from the regular wasabi that everyone is used to , which is missing in about 3 4 of all sushi places i have been to , but the owner promised to order some for next time . we ' ll definitely be back ! more reviews at http : www . thevegasevent . com
1			service	horrible	day	bad			horrible service ! ! ! i didn ' t even get to eat . lady acted like she was in drugs . she saw me taking my time and she totally walked away saying this isn ' t worth my time . idk id she had a bad day or something but i walked right out and don ' t really care for it that much . there ' s plenty of sushi places out there
1			area	full	pizza	flavored	lady	young	attitude	bad	something	quick	thing	great	pizza	cold	job	good	bite	quick	places	many no	page	new	day	bad			i experience better and also better flavored pizza my pizza was cold and they did he did but they didn ' t do a very good job the young lady behind the counter had a bad attitude like she didn ' t want to be there i was having a bad day either which way the person behind the counter should always treat every customer like a new page in a book i don ' t feel the attitude was there not very many places to sit if you just want a quick bite they do have a full seating area but not for something real quick it seems like they have a no smoking in this restaurant which is a great thing but then they just stand around outside by the door and all the smoke rolls back in , definitely will not be back in less the attitudes change but i would never know because i ' m not coming back .
1			apricot	chipotle	addition	newest	menu	extensive	it	huge	alert	conscious	chicken	moist	rings	bland	eggs	easy	chicken	smoked	puppies	giant	rail	light	apricot	like	suggestion	honest	mouth	open	menu	new	night	cold	buffalo	good	fan	big	menu	late	parking	free	parking	great	judge	tough	corn	love	disclaimer	little	they	meaty	type	thick	i	pleased	they	good	way	long	bartender	ok	night	late	services	bad			i have came here a few times and i think it ' s time to have an overall opinion of this place . food 4 stars they just made some changes to the menu , which is quite extensive for a bbq joint . their wings are among my favorites if not the favorite . they are big and meaty and grilled . and even better , 6 for $ 5 or 50 cents each on late night bar menu . buffalo was good but i like the chipotle apricot best . the chili is different ; it was made with chunk of meats more sweet than savory but still awesome for a cold night . the bacon devil eggs are easy to be consumed : open mouth , pop one in . they can fill it up a little more but it is an appetizer . and the newest addition to the app menu is the giant hush puppies . and they are good honey butter makes it even better . the kitchen that started macs is behind this joint . while i was never a big fan of macs , i am pleased by this place . their smoked chicken is moist i had dark meat . brisket is a thick slice type . my only suggestion is for the sauce to be toned down a little since they do have sauces to be used at table . some side items are lacking in the wow factor , but then i am a tough judge on mac and cheese and onion rings were a little bland too . i do love the corn , which tastes even better the next day . service 3 stars while i never had bad services here , i find the waitresses to be a little lacking in enthusiasm . on my first visit i was asking for input on what to order , which i think for a newer joint like this , a convincing and honest suggestion from the wait staff can go a long way . same with beer suggestion . people , this place has a beer selection ! again , the bartender has always been ok , but an extra wow factor can make a difference . location atmosphere 3 . 5 stars this used to be levacchia . inside space arrangement hasnt changed much . making it a little nicer and bigger than what you think a bbq joint should be . it is huge frankly . it is right next to the light rail stop . they validate parking which is great for arena events . a little disclaimer : i met the owners , who invited a few people to taste the new menu . is my review skewed because of it . never . but i learned a few things about the place and felt the heart they put into everything . and it makes me want to see this place strives . i mean , they actually promise they will always have the panthers games on , with volume ! come and try them out . budget conscious alert : 3 words . late night menu . 2 more words . drink specials . after 9 or 9 : 30pm . i know y ' all are not in bed yet . oh wait , 2 more words . free parking !
1			tasted	bitter	it	appetizing no	dishes	regular	noise	loud	seem	limited	service	terrible	flavor	unique	flavor	bland	way	negative	sum	dim	restaurant	worst			this is one of the first chinese joint to opened up chinatown , and i really cannot stretch how distinguish this place is . it is one of those place you cannot avoid seeing driving down from the strip . the d u00e9cor was quite run down and dirty . they served dim sum and other chinese dishes . dim sum looked ok on average , while some of them looked somebody like vomited on it . the taste was mind blowing in a negative way . some of them tasted like cardboard , while some just tasted bitter , and choices seem very limited . the regular dishes had a unique bland flavor and gooey look to it , which was not appetizing at all . service was terrible here ! we called out for to the staffs a few times with no response and finally had to make some loud noise to get their attention , which really reminded me of mainland china . harbor palace seafood thank you for giving our group diarrhea on the way back to utah , something was definitely undercooked . on another hand , i found my worst chinese restaurant in las vegas . i never knew such taste can exist in dim sum , even worse than the worst in my home state . maybe that is one reason to try this place ?
2			coffee	key	toddy	awesome			stumbled upon this place through yelp reviews . hard to identify my key coffee if you didn ' t know it was inside the cookie place but so worth the search ! awesome iced toddy and ice tea . can ' t wait to go back . i think i ' ve found my summer spot
2			reccomendation	thorough	food	real no	reccomendation	helpful	experience	amazing			absolutely amazing experience . the food was unreal and i enjoyed every dish we tried . our waiters reccomendation were thorough and very helpful . hopefully can go back again
1			coffee	worst			the worst coffee i have ever had ! poured from a pitcher sitting in the fridge , watered down and coffee grounds ? ! i had to throw it away after gagging . this should not be served to the public . warning don ' t waste your money !
1			tea	flavored	luck	bad			they have breakfast and lunch pretty well figured out . they don ' t have *everything* , but what they do , they do well . we ' ve had the bad luck of having one certain server several times that isn ' t as good as the others . doesn ' t ask what kind of bacon you want of the eight choices , nor which sides for sandwiches . she couldn ' t figure out how to accommodate a flavored green tea .
2			traffic	high	meticulous	friendly	company	awesome			awesome company . we had them come seal the tile in our newly built home . they were early , friendly , meticulous , and even applied a third coat of sealer to high traffic areas . they consulted with my wife as to which cleaning products would work better than others , and were in and out in a short time . and they came in under budget too . will use them again in a heartbeat .
1			place	suck	everything	bad			overrated . i took my girlfriend here and now she is in the toilet puking ok not really but this place sucks . bad everything . . wasted $ 65 . :
1			staff	horrible	franchise	worst	place	horrible			pretty horrible place subway , firehouse , blimpys , mr goodscents , cousins , jersey mikes , safeway sub , pretty much any other sub place is 100000 times better , the staff was horrible the food tasted like it was left over from last week and this sub franchise has to be the worst in the valley .
1			it	edible no	you	willing	area	general	reason	good	service	inept	you	flexible	food	lackluster	i	sorry	prices	laughable	it	bad			bad . i ' m sorry , but it ' s just bad . the prices they charge for this lackluster food and inept service are completely laughable . it ' s not even that it ' s so inedible , it ' s just that there are much better places in pittsburgh to eat thai food and although this is the only thai restaurant in the general dormont area , if you ' re willing to be a little flexible then there is much better asian food to be had around there . i can ' t really think of any good reason to come here .
2			they	friendly	they	professional	they	thorough	anyone	recommend	friend	best	shop	talented	shop	clean	shop	particular	he	nice	i	interested	idea	ridiculous	job	amazing			last saturday my best friend from out of town and i came up with the goofy idea to get bff tattoos and we decided to go to 510 expert tattoo . i follow a few of the artists that work there on instagram so i was interested in visiting this particular shop . when walking in , we were somewhat intimidated by the guys , but they were really friendly and able to fit us both in later on the schedule for that day . we returned at our given time and although our idea was ridiculous and corny , they were professional and thorough with drawing up exactly what we wanted . evan was my artist and he was very nice and did an amazing job . oh , and he was very patient . i would recommend anyone to come to this clean and talented shop !
1			sauce	creamy	sauce	rich	dish	rich	pieces	small	street	main	vegetables	frozen	chef	good	fruit	dried	skills	cooking	aroma	chemical	location	nice	sauce	processed	them	like no	food	good no	stretch	charming	it	bad			while the menu here has plenty of vegetarian options , they don ' t offer much in the way of actual vegetables . and the food is just not good . i went with another person , and we chose the navratan korma and chicken chettinad to share . navratan korma , when made well , is the jewel in a good indian chef ' s repertoire . it ' s a mughlai dish that features nine gems , a mix of nine vegetables and sometimes paneer cheese in a rich creamy sauce with some nuts and dried fruit . it ' s a rich dish , and i usually avoid it if there is another curry on the menu that doesn ' t feature cream , but , as i said , vegetables were scarce . the korma that arrived at our table wasn ' t a korma at all , but previously frozen vegetables i can always tell can ' t you ? in a sauce that had the color and flavor of a processed cheese sauce . kind of like kraft macaroni and cheese without the macaroni . this dish is an affront to the idea of korma , and laughably bad . we fared a little better with the chicken chettinad , which was spicy and somewhat flavorful , although the chicken was served in a bowl that was too small for the contents , and it hadn ' t been cut into small enough pieces to eat without a knife . i wasn ' t actually given a knife to use , but had i been , i would have made a mess of my plate . i have no idea why you would have air fresheners in your dining room . air fresheners are meant to go in a bathroom , where i still don ' t like them , but understand their use . every 30 seconds or so the 2 wall mounted units sent another spritz of chemical aroma into the dining room . yuck . dining rooms should smell of food . maybe these people don ' t even have that much confidence in their cooking skills . it ' s too bad , as this is a nice location near a charming stretch of main street . needless to say , i won ' t be returning .
1			he	busy	deal	valid	service	worst			this review is for the customer service and management . i purchase a yelp deal $ 10 for $ 15 and the manager or owner basically did everything possible to stop me from using the deal . we first arrived on a sunday morning , and after showing our yelp deal , the owner claimed the deal was only valid on weekdays . no where on the details of the deal does it state that the deal would only be applicable on weekdays , however , i still decided to give it a try . we asked the waitress what else we needed to know about the deal and she said as long as we came in on a weekday , we would be able to show the deal and use it . the second time we came back , the waitress claimed we couldn ' t use the deal because we didn ' t print out the offer . . . ok , no where on the deal does it state we have to print this offer , it says to show them the redemption code as with all other yelp deals . we asked to speak to the manager and the waitress came back saying oh he ' s busy right now . we asked if we could wait because we ' re from la so we don ' t have every opportunity to come out here . she came back saying he says you cannot use the deal . there ' s nothing i can do about this we turn around and clearly see the manager just standing in the kitchen not doing anything . we asked one more time if we could speak to him and she came back and said he ' s too busy to talk to you , you cannot use the deal honestly , he couldn ' t even come out and tell us himself ? he had to pretend he was busy and send her saying the same thing each time . worst customer service ever it ' s not even about the deal , the fact is he couldn ' t event take 2 minutes of his time to come talk to a customer . if they really dont want you to use the deal why offer one ? obviously , the deal is no longer on yelp . i will never return , and i highly advise you do the same as the food was nothing to rage about and customer service seems to be non existent .
1			service	great	it	delicious	it	bad			yes it is bad for you . yes it is delicious . great customer service . clean , fast and predictable .
1			luck	good	condition	perfect	she	respectful no	clothes	worn	guest	loyal	mood	horrible			went into topshop today to return an outfit and i was told by sara the manager that my clothes were too worn . she arrived to the counter in a horrible mood and didn ' t even greet me with a hello or how are you or even introduce herself as the manager . i worn them for maybe an hour and they were still in perfect condition . she then told me the extra buttons are missing but i don ' t know anyone that keeps the extra buttons on their outfits while they wear them . just the week before i spent $ 500 on clothes there and i just needed to return one outfit but she said that she sees clothes everyday and mine are wrinkly so u can ' t return them for me because they have a few wrinkles she said yes and that ' s it . she was so disrespectful and very demeaning . i said then maybe i ' ll try to go to a different topshop facility so i can talk to someone with better customer service skills and she said good luck because i ' m the manager and were the only topshop in vegas . this is apparently the only topshop in vegas so needless to say i won ' t be shopping there anymore . sincerely , a used to be a loyal guest !
1			amount	good	looks	busy	whats	funny	whats	ridiculous	place	hate	bar	horrible			i ' m not sure how we got here , but wow what a waste in calories . what ' s interesting is this place has three types of rice mexican rice , rice pilaf , and fried rice , what ' s funny is all the rices taste the same and was way too soggy . whats even more funny is that the mac and cheese tastes just like the rice . whats ridiculous is that the green beans have no taste at all . to put it over the top , the meatloaf and salad bar is horrible . this place looks busy , but really it ' s just not , it ' s much smaller in space than hometown buffet and the clientele seems to be a lot bigger than hometown ' s . i think i saw a good amount of people that are being paid by sdi for being too obese to work . i ' d rather go to hometown and i really hate that place ! i will not visit again . .
1			food	bad no	i	impressed no	line	long	i	indifferent	things	small	fare	alright	buildings	separate	corral	comparable	windows	faux	things	special	corral	golden	buffets	love	lines	crazy	i	disappointed no	it	hard	nothing	bad			i hesitated about a week after coming to write a review on this place to let my thoughts kind of process . in conclusion , i feel my experience here wasn ' t anything that wow ed me , to be honest . i heard about this place when it opened , but steered clear for the entire time because i heard horror stories about how atrocious the waits and lines were . i came here last sunday for lunch around 11 something and there was a line that snaked outside the door , ending just outside of the shaded covering . the wait continued inside to the registers and i would say in total the wait was about 45 mins or so . i had heard raves about how golden corral was comparable to a vegas buffet and how it kicked hometown buffet ' s ass , etc , etc . and i felt that with the crazy lines this place had brought out when it first opened and still , even a few months in with its opening , that this place had to have some sort of majestic charm . to be honest though , i felt the fare offered here was alright . definitely not on the level of a vegas buffet as i had heard early on although there are small things here and there to note . the interior design faintly mimics those of paris buffet and maybe even the spice market buffet at planet hollywood you know , with the faux windows , awnings , and separate stations buildings , but that ' s probably about it in terms of appearance . now granted , the food wasn ' t bad or anything there are even some small things that make golden corral better than hometown , such as the corn here , which is plump and juicy overall the food is by far better than the quality hometown buffet serves up , but it ' s nothing that ' ll blow you away . however , i do like that there are some special things here , such as the machine cotton candy and coconut macaroons , and also the steaks , which are cooked right in front of you by a team of chefs all these small things bring that higher end feel or vegas feel to golden corral . it ' s hard to say whether i ' ll be coming back or not . i used to love buffets so much when i was a kid , but i think growing up , i ' ve come to be quite indifferent about them . even with this review , i feel like something ' s missing i ' m not disappointed , but i ' m not too impressed either . i just don ' t know . i guess i ' m just not the kind of person who ' ll want to wait in a long line for food anymore . again , nothing particularly bad about this place , but again nothing particularly special .
1			it	appetizing no	floor	filthy	buffet	horrible	food	stale	places	worst			the food here is stale . the lighting makes it very unappetizing . the waiters ? are very rude . the tables are way to close to the horrible buffet . the floor is filthy . everything here is squeezed in . there ' s no room . this is one of the worst places i ' ve been .
2			breads	awesome	potatoes	ok	food	great	experience	great	flavor	strong	quality	great	side	pricey	sauce	special	soup	good	setting	awesome			awesome setting and great food . the breads they serve in the beginning are awesome . i also had the onion soup , rib eye steak , and the fingerling potatoes as a side . the steak was definitely one of the best that i ' ve ever had . the beef quality was great . they also use some special sauce with mustard seeds on the steak that just makes it taste even better . the soup was real good but the flavor was a bit strong . fingerling potatoes were ok i would say their taste were pretty much neutral with the steak . the place is a bit on the pricey side but i knew that going in of course . was definitely a great dining experience .
1			december	late	beer	old	octoberfest	old	service	bad			we ordered samuel adams seasonal late december and they gave us 6 $ beers of skunky old octoberfest . when we asked to switch it out because it went bad they just handed us back the bottle of old beer we already took a sip of . bad service . they don ' t care .
1			place	horrible	everyday	key	ive	worst	thing	nice	service	bad			this place is horrible . i will never stay here again . the customer service is soooooo bad . i flew in from california and they gave my reservation away saying reservations are not guaranteed . elevators hardly work . they deactivated my room key everyday . housekeeping knocks on your door everyday at 9am to remind them of checkout even if they are not checking out . security got caught on camera taking a football game break in my hotel room , not realizing someone had checked into it . the decor is very nice , but thats the only nice thing about this place . their credit card swipes are so janky that it never works properly . worst hotel experience ive ever had .
2			place	excited	excited	awesome			this place is awesome , excited to go back . will be continuous customer after first visit !
2			service	fast	service	awesome			awesome and fast service . replaced my iphone 5 screen and digitizer , highly recommend replacing both and not just the glass which i had done previously and completely messed up my touch screen capabilities .
1			bullshit	complete	pm	frustrating	worker	average	standby	ridiculous	worker	helpful no	i	worst			worst delta i ' ve flown with . the average worker is not helpful to say the least . flying with a buddy pass has never been more regretful than this joyous occasion today . checking into an airport at 6am with intentions of being on a flight at 745 and them turning you away because they claim there are no seats but allowed others to get on as standby is ridiculous than to be told you ' ll get on the next on at 1040 and when boarding comes around you ' re then again told you have to wait until 1pm is quite frustrating . to deal with these frustrations you tell the attendant this is complete bullshit and she tells you to watch your mouth as though she ' s your mother can you see why i will never fly with delta again ?
2			price	organic	lemonade	organic	smile	welcoming	it	disappointing	he	friendly	foods	prepared	place	like	i	willing	concepts	cool	products	organic	feel	bad	attitude	great	he	kind	prices	high	xavier	awesome			like another reviewer said , i found it really disappointing that they don ' t use organic non gmo products i did see they have organic lemonade not even in their juices elixirs . i used to come here a lot when my co workers signed up for a juicing cleanse package they offered . this is why i don ' t understand their prices . if you aren ' t buying organic and non gmo , why are your prices so high ? i could go to whole foods and get a custom juice for the same price that is organic and non gmo . i ' m not going to get into a cost vs health debate here , but i bring this up because i was also told someone that worked here that organic and non gmo weren ' t essential to a juice cleanse . any of the foremost authorities on juicing for health will tell you different : gerson , wahls , etc . to add something nice , xavier is awesome . he is very friendly and kind . he will let you try everything and thoroughly explain it to you . he always has a welcoming smile and great attitude . i almost feel bad writing this review because i do not want it to reflect on him in any way . i really really want to like this place . i appreciate what they are trying to do . overall , the prepared foods all were cool concepts , but really lacked flavor same for the juices . i didn ' t care for them at all . and i would be willing to pay more for organic and non gmo .
2			food	great	burger	love	food	quick	fries	love	place	great	location	awesome			this place is great ! i loved the burger and fries and thought the location of this store was awesome ! the food was quick and great ! not to mention , i had a coupon which made it all the better !
1			lack	general	floor	dirty	it	hot	service	bad			we have visited this location many times over the past year and dropped a lot of money here . consistently bad service . they never have iced tea in the metal containers even though they will try and sell you some and then do a bait and switch and offer some other drink . we watch the manager sitting off at a side table playing on her cell phone . the help seems to always be in a state of oblivion and moving at half speed . bagel bins are typically empty and not restocked by early afternoon . and the floor is always dirty with pieces of food , wrappers , etc . laying around . the help at this store both male and female need a commando type manager here to kick some proverbial a and get these 18 to 24 year olds to care , clean up , and restock ice tea containers . general lack of caring . the shift manager needs to get off her phone . i hope the owner reads this , but who knows , maybe they are behind this lack of caring . generally a slip shod operation . and oh yeah it is hot . mr . owner fix your ac once and for all .
1			food	amazing	i	embarrassed	service	average	i	disappointed	service	bad			i have never been disappointed with my food here or at any bachi burger location . the food is always amazing to say the least . but the service is almost sub par . when we received our appetizer , we weren ' t given plates to eat it on , or silverware to eat it with . our waiter didn ' t come to check on us at all the whole time we ate . someone else brought our food , and someone else filled our water glass , once . we waited quite a while for our check . all the servers were in the back chatting amongst themselves i saw none of them out checking on any tables at all . it was happy hour and no one told us or gave us a menu , we found it out in our own . i myself am a server , i do this for a living and i was embarrassed by the lack of pride taken by the wait staff . this is not the first time i have had below average service at the summerlin location . as i look at the reviews it seems i am not the only one who notices the bad service . i hope it catches on and something is done to fix it .
2			person	disappointed	party	large	mix	great	server	polite	quality	great	experience	amazing			amazing experience ! came with a large party and had no issues . server was polite and accommodating to everyone . we ordered the oxtail chili cheese fries and truffle fries as appetizers . tried several different burgers and there was not a single disappointed person in our group . great mix of flavors ! great quality ! cannot wait to go again and try more of the menu . highly recommended !
1			sauce	thin	dish	salty	buffet	great	behind	little	grace	saving	dishes	tough	dishes	overcooked	places	local	it	bad			i ate here when they first opened and it was a great buffet for $ 6 . 95 . went back last week and was very disappointed . arrived a little after noon and was told they were running a little behind , so not everything was out . there were 3 4 different chicken dishes and 2 fish i think ? dishes , and a pasta . all the fish and chicken dishes were tough and overcooked . the pasta was good , but just basically spaghetti with a thin tomatoey sauce . there was a shrimp dish that was so salty i could not eat it . two more dishes came out , an eggplant dish and pork chops . the pork chops were like hockey pucks . it is really too bad , as i like frequenting local places instead of chains , but probably won ' t return . also , the price has gone up to $ 7 . 95 . the only saving grace is the owner is very nice and personable .
1			food	authentic	margarita	sweet	food	worst			if you are looking for authentic mexican food do not eat here . this was by far some of the worst food i have ever tasted . my enchiladas had two slices of american cheese on them and my margarita was so sweet and filled with syrup i chose to not drink it . absolutely not worth the money .
1			food	bland	place	bad	food	plain	ass	bad			great place to have fun & party and get drunk bad place to eat ! ! ! food was so bland & plain . . like some bad ass mexican bar food !
1			douche	complete	sewage	raw	drinks	expensive	krave	love	drinks	horrible			i really wanted this place to be good . . it ' s close to my house . . strike 1 , the door guy is a complete douche . strike 2 . the entire place smells like raw sewage . . strike 3 . the bar tenders make horrible , week drinks that are expensive . boooo . . i may never return . . gawd , i used to love krave . . i hope this is not what we have to look forward to . . i can ' t even believe it ' s the same owners . .
2			stars	many	i	shocked	sushi	amazing			not very good , i ' m shocked that this place had so many stars . we recently moved to the area and are looking for amazing sushi , this wasn ' t it .
1			place	recommend no	coat	cheap no	place	worst	it	worst			i would not recommend this place to anyone ! i came here the day before my *wedding* for a mani pedi and it was the worst i have ever had in my life . i told them i wanted clear *nail polish* on my nails , not just cheap top coat that flakes off in a couple days . well , not only were all my nails different lengths and shapes , but she only put topcoat on my nails ! so what happened two days later ? my nails were chipping ! this was the worst place i ' ve ever been to , and will never waste my money here again .
2			treatment	painless	treatment	simple	me	like	staff	awesome			just got my neck and back done . staff is awesome ! professional and friendly . treatment is way simple and , to me , painless . if your like me , and have always wanted your neck permenatly cleaned , this is the spot for you !
1			service	average	seem	thrilled no	location	horrible			really skimp you on portion size . customer service was below average and employees don ' t seem thrilled to be there . fajitas were burned and steak was well done . overall , pretty horrible chipotle location .
2			massage	regular	i	picky	felt	calm	massages	love	feel	good	therapist	incredible	bodywork	true	arena	new	mfr	recommend no	mfr	incredible	felt	comfortable	therapist	professional	state	relaxed	rowena	recommend no	felt	good no	touch	amazing			myofascial release mfr is incredible ! ! ! okay , now that that ' s out of the way , onto the review : i am a professional massage therapist . i had heard of mfr for years but had never experienced the treatment . i booked the appointment with rowena more out of curiosity than because i was having issues . what i experienced could not have surprised me more . i love massages . a lot . so i would never tell someone to give them up . but if you want to take bodywork and care for your self to the next level , try mfr . if you want to try mfr , try this place . rowena is an incredible therapist and has an amazing touch . i am very picky as to who i ' ll let work on me and could not recommend her more . even though this was a new arena for me , i felt calm , collected , and comfortable the entire session . i felt incredibly soothed from the minute i stepped into the treatment room , and my relaxed state deepened even further when rowena placed her hands on me . the next 90 minutes was sort of a blur and seemed to last 5 minutes and an eternity all at the same time . all i know is i haven ' t felt that good in years . i also felt the work for several days afterwards and continue to have releases in my fascia almost a week later , which is how i truly rate bodywork . anyone can make you feel good during a regular massage , but true bodywork is felt in the hours and days after the session . this work passes that test , and then some . i cannot recommend mfr or rowena enough . if you ' ve been dealing with aches and pains for a while and other methods seem to get close but never really do the trick , give this place a try . i assure you you ' re in for a treat .
1			sauce	horrible	pretzel	tasteless	food	ok	i	sorry	it	bad			i ' m sorry but it was a miss went here for birthday celebration . pretzel was tasteless & the cheese sauce was horrible . everyone said their food was okay . not sure if it was the server ' s first ever waitressing gig but it was bad :
1			i	upset	i	ready no	fries	good	staff	rude	people	dumb	staff	sarcastic	sodas	various	brat	average	place	good no	felt	rushed	day	bad			this place is just not that good , i don ' t know , just saying . the staff was pretty rude and sarcastic , they constantly were asking for our order when i was clearly visually upset and not ready , was having a bad day is all , still i felt rushed . the brat was average , fries were pretty good , but i wouldn ' t care to have them again . i liked that they had rc and various sodas . also there ' s no parking and dumb people block the path out and street by taking pictures , so plan accordingly . ;
1			behavior	rude	parcel	surprising	reply	arrogant	interaction	worst	interaction	rude	satisfaction	bad			worst worst customer interaction . we order veg biryani and got egg biryani . on same day around 9 : 30pm i called them but no one picked up . next day i went and returned egg biryani and got arrogant reply from owner . very bad customer satisfaction . me too offered biryani money as a tip for rude behavior . please double check the order before taking parcel . and hopefully you will not become victim of surprising parcel and rude customer interaction .
1			bagels	terrible	ly	exceptional	they	small	wife	unsure	sandwiches	expensive	place	busy no	ly	bad			* the sandwiches are expensive this is an airport location , after all . but they ' re small , and they include no extras , so you ' re getting screwed a little more than you think you are . * the bagels are terrible this is an einstein ' s , so it goes without saying . what makes this place exceptional ly bad : * if there was cream cheese on my veggie and cream cheese sandwich , i did not see it . and i opened up the sandwich to check . my wife was unsure if her hummus sandwich had any hummus on it . however , there was lots of russian dressing . * 10+ minutes to make a sandwich . they were fully staffed , and the place wasn ' t busy .
1			target	easy	store	right	it	bad			wow ! super impressed with this place . my husband smashed his hand in the car door and it was pretty bad . they got him in quick and out quick . so nice ! target is right next store , so its easy to fill your prescription without running somewhere else !
2			weather	nice	space	small	acoustics	horrible	rings	awesome			the wife and i had dinner here tonight . the food is five star all the way . the burgers were big , juicy , and cooked perfectly . sides were done well . beer battered onion rings are awesome . the only reason i take away a star is because it is a small space with horrible acoustics . this caused an almost unbearable amount of noise . however , they do have a patio area which i am sure solves this problem when the weather is nice .
2			nurger	recommend no	drink	special	tots	sweet	owners	awesome	drink	refreshing	bun	love	place	favorite	food	perfect	tots	amazing			this is my 2nd favorite hamburger place i have ever eaten at ! my food is always perfect ! i love the pretzel bun ! i would strongly suggest trying the pretzel bun ! the sweet potato tots are amazing ! ! ! all of the staff i have meet are amazing , the owners are awesome , and the kimmy special drink is not only refreshing but almost guilt free . i practice out of a clinic close by so i have even had lunch meetings here ! i couldn ' t recommend rehab nurger more !
1			through	straight	it	fine	stinks	focused no	shave	straight	groom	full	dog	horrible	seem	focused no	they	ridiculous	appointment	long	voice	mean	price	full	price	fair	dog	old	sol	cheap	horrible	horrible			horrible , horrible , horrible . i calked to get an appointment . explained i didn ' t want a full groom as my dog is 15+ years old and can ' t tolerate standing that long and gets stressed , but still want her coat shaved for comfort . so i bring her in and wait for her none of the three hour appt . stuff . get there and they tell me come back in two hours to get her , i explain that ' s not what i scheduled for , dog too old , just want shaved , they look for the girl who took the appt and she stood there and to my face i never said it was a straight through . i said i told you the dog was too obs , just wanted groomed , couldn ' t tolerate a long appointment and she says you didn ' t say straight through , very argumentative . the groomer says she will do it , will have to call other client to say it will be longer , guilt factor towards me . then i hear someone in the back scolding a dog saying stop it over and over in a mean voice so now i definitely wasn ' t leaving . they bring my dog out 35 minutes later looking a mess , saying can you pet her , she ' s getting too stressed , i said , it ' s fine we just want to go . my dog is patchy , horrible but i just wanted her out if their hands . place stinks like cheap pine sol , staff seem to not be too customer focused . then they ask four different people what they should charge since she didn ' t get a bath , blow , brush , just a straight shave . no one knows so they charge me full price $ 65 . i said do you really think that ' s a fair price ? and the cashier says the groomers are contractors so they can charge whatever they want . will never go back and will tell everyone i know to stay away ! they are ridiculous and i expect them to be closed in 6 months .
2			appetizer	ethnic	appetizer	great	tapas	awesome			this place was really quite the surprise ! we enjoyed a great ethnic cornbread appetizer and some really awesome tapas . will come back for sure
2			gym	awesome	workout	awesome	atmosphere	awesome	week	free	trainers	awesome			awesome gym , awesome trainers , awesome atmosphere ! awesome workout ! ! ! enough said ! ! ! ! ! ! try it they give out a week free ! ! ! ! ! there is nothing to loose and soo much to gain !
1			bank	horrible			horrible bank ! rude and unhelpful !
2			job	thorough	carpets	stained	point	far	service	good	look	amazing	carpets	crunchy	feel	guilty	it	nice	looks	new	awesome	awesome			awesome , awesome , awesome ! first of all , i don ' t just live in maricopa i live way out at a pretty far point in maricopa . but , he came with no complaints and no extra charges . second , he did such an incredibly thorough job on my cat pee stained carpets that they look amazing . he went over each inch several times and even got down on his hands and knees occasionally to check the smell . he also did a loveseat that was covered in cat hair and it looks brand new . third , he was so reasonably priced that i feel he may have undercharged and i feel a little guilty with as much work as he did . bonus : left a bottle of spot cleaner and shoe coverings to protect the floor while it dries . we ' ve used two other companies before and were left with crunchy carpets afterwards or just sub par results that left me feeling like i could ' ve done a better job myself with one of those rentals from the grocery store . i will use and recommend robert again and again . plus , it is just so nice to receive good customer service rather than having some kid who just wants to hurry up and finish the job .
2			pizza	good	bartenders	friendly	wings	excellent	bartenders	incredible	staff	incredible	bartenders	knowledgeable	everyday	late	beers	unique	toppings	unique	price	incredible	bartenders	helpful	spot	awesome			awesome spot for unique craft beers with an incredible happy hour half price on all appetizers and all liquor and draft beers . plus groupons that they except during happy hour plus an incredible staff friendly knowledgeable helpful and incredible bartenders such as jenna must come and get some food and beers open late everyday till 2 . happy hour from 3 to 6 & 9 to close daily . plus they have excellent wings and very good pizza with unique toppings .
2			theirs	like	them	recommend	concepts	awesome	food	awesome	bakery	ugly	branding	awesome	treats	sweet	themselves	amazing	people	awesome			ugly cakes bakery ' s sweet treats are to die for . i am a sucker for sweets but not just any sweets . i know what ' s good and what isn ' t . the minute i tried the carrot cake i thought i died and went to heaven . but it didn ' t end there . then i tried some cookies and then some fudge and ' tis the season for pumpkin rolls ! ! ! i wanted to cry when i ran out . seriously not only are the treats amazing and baked with some major tlc , the souls behind the company are treasures themselves . awesome branding , awesome concepts , awesome food , awesome people . highly recommend them to anyone even if you dont think you like sweets , you ' ll like theirs . i promise ! ! ! ! ! !
1			taste	bad			ordered chicken biriyani and found a bone piece with no meat . wonder if its from a left over plate . . yuck anyways taste was also bad .
1			weather	nice	selection	decent	music	live	atmosphere	great	music	good	patio	nice	salami	packaged	food	alright	two	worst			update : this past time was the second visit and the worst out of the two . the first time was pleasant enough . the patio has a great atmosphere , especially when the weather is nice . the beer selection is decent and the food is alright depending on what you get . last nights visit was with a sub par waiter that seemed to be across the board with the whole crew that was on . everyone just seemed blah to be there . the live music was really , really good but unfortunately we sat in the bar and didn ' t get the nice patio live music experience . i got the green chili chicken sandwich and he got the fish and chips . both were just ok . *tip : do not order the meat cheese board . it ' s $ 15 and just looks like someone ran out to safeway and bought some packaged salami and pepperoni and cut it into quarters . very disappointing .
2			combo	great	donuts	awesome			boba and donuts . . great combo . the donuts are awesome . moist and delicious .
2			stephanie	awesome			stephanie was awesome ! on time , professional , and friendly . my makeup lasted all day for my engagement pics and it was exactly how i wanted it . my fianc u00e9 was even impressed . excited to post some pictures once i get them from our photographer .
2			ambiance	love	fi	fast	baristas	fun	fi	love	shop	clean	fi	free	gem	hidden	shop	quiet	prosthetics	facial	tea	amazing			this clean and quiet coffee shop is a hidden gem in seven hills . if you love sci fi , you ' ll love the ambiance ! they have every sort of memorabilia from planet of the apes facial prosthetics to a life size yoda drinking coffee . even the food has fun names such as palpatine ' s pastrami panini and the wrap of khan . but don ' t worry , this place has much more to offer than just ambience if you are not a sci fi fan . the food is fantastic and very reasonably priced . the baristas are fun and talkative . the chai tea is amazing ! also , they offer free fast wi fi and have a tv for sporting events . we will be back !
2			staff	amazing	tunes	favorite	energy	positive	music	fabulous	spin	love	instructors	amazing			rhythm cycle has made me love spin ! from the very first time i walked in the door lisa was there to answer questions , get my bike set up and guide me . all the instructors are amazing , motivating and work so hard to fill each class with positive energy and fabulous music . i have never heard the same song twice . its like dancing on your bike to your favorite tunes . oh and did i mention its great for kids too ? my sons are 12 & 14 and love spinning along with me . thanks lisa and amazing staff for converting me to a spin junkie !
1			batter	crunchy	restaurant	low	restaurant	key	recommendation	definite	chicken	moist	batter	light	thing	bad			the only bad thing i can say is that chicken box is an 1 . 5 hour drive from my home . but , it gives me a reason to come back to charlotte . i have not had fried chicken this good in more years than i can remember . the batter was light crunchy batter encapsulated the moist flavor chicken . what an explosion of goodness with every bite . very low key restaurant that allows their food to speak volumes . i truly enjoyed my meal as did my wife and son . this is now our goto chicken place every time we are in or near charlotte ! ! ! ! a definite family and friend recommendation as well as a repeater ! ! ! ! if you are in charlotte , even passing through along i85 , you need to swing in .
1			food	ok	it	worth no	staff	horrible			the food was ok . not as good as it should ' ve been for the price . the wait staff was horrible ! ! took forever to get a drink and menu . they disappeared when it was time to place my order . i will not be back . it was not worth the price
1			people	many	bouncer	rude	experience	worst	today	horrible			worst experience ever ! ! ! today was just horrible . we witnessed a bouncer belittle and be rude to so many people . the bar was packed , which was not bad but honestly most of the ' security ' staff need to be fired if not arrested for harassing girls and just honestly being out of line with anyone who walked in the door or sat on the porch . i plan to go back but only to get things on video as we are almost sure the owner manager must not know this is happening . if they do . the place needs to be shut down right away . all we wanted to do was watch the panthers game and yet we ended up so sad and disgraced by the actions of these people who work in charlotte .
2			restaurant	fine no	experience	great	service	friendly	breakfast	great	price	great	toast	perfect	dishes	awesome			now don ' t expect a great dining experience . expect a great diner breakfast at a great price . the french toast is perfect and all egg dishes are awesome . service was friendly , but the place need some freshening up to get the last star . again it ' s a diner in a strip mall and not a fine restaurant .
1			taste	boiled	un	full	the	breaded	salad	worst			i took my other half here for fathers day to try the wings , i ordered a grilled chicken salad . it was the worst salad ever ! i couldn ' t even eat the chicken on it . if thats what it was . it had grill marks on it but tasted boiled , microwaved , dry , and absolutely no taste for $ 8 bucks . i let the waitress know that the chicken needed improvement as she took my full un eaten plate away . she laughed and said that ' s why she orders the breaded . really ? won ' t go outta my way to eat there again . btw the wings were about a 7 10 . since we had other plans , i went hungry the rest of the afternoon .
1			lady	alone	i	shocked	she	rough	experience	worst			worst experience ever ! ! ! i paid for an hour and left after 20 minutes . the lady working there was alone and took her sweet time in arranging everything as i was a walk in . she was way too rough and that was only my feet . when i told her it hurt she laughed and continued to do the same thing . that ' s when i was like ok i gotta go . i ' ll pay you and even give you a few dollars tip just so i can leave . just awful ! i ' m shocked i ' m not bruised up because of her .
1			place	nice	thing	bad			nice place to sit outside for lunch , to have a meeting , or to read a book . only bad thing is when people bring their kids there to run and scream everywhere .
1			service	worst			so go thru the drive thru and get ignored . no one answers then decide ok i will go inside . once inside the only person in the place doesn ' t acknowledge i am there while he is making good and i am there at the counter waiting 20 min and not one word . worst service ever ! ! ! !
1			thing	best	meatballs	small	places	many	pieces	biggest	avocado	fresh no	sauce	sweet	fries	heavy	it	spicy	location	odd	it	overwhelming	food	average	sauce	like	meatballs	homemade	it	good no	everything	expensive	jam	pretentious	dressing	watery	fries	good no	chef	top	it	ok	jam	enjoyable no	they	nice	it	worth no	it	wrong no	thing	worst			after hearing about searsucker in san diego with top chef ' s brian malarkey we couldn ' t wait to try searsucker when it opened here in arizona . we saw a groupon and decided to try it right away . if you haven ' t been , it is in an odd location in the edge of the mall . you have to mark at neman marcus or pay $ 5 to valet . in our opinion , if you don ' t have a parking lot for your restaurant , you shouldn ' t charge for valet , or at least validate . also , i must admit the statues of animals out front are not our taste , but that didn ' t stop us from being opened minded about the food . that being said , the first thing we tried was the cheese bread they give you before you order . we thought it was overly spicy and not very good . we hoped the tapas would be better . we decided to go with a few different tapas . we tried : 1 . meatballs these were the best thing we tried . they are homemade meatballs in a tomato basil sauce . they are very nice , but they only give you 5 small meatballs in an order . 2 . tuna poke this wasn ' t horrible , but it wasn ' t good . it also wasn ' t tuna poke . it was more like a tuna tartare that looked like cat food . it wasn ' t fishy or anything seriously wrong with it , but there was nothing that stood out about it either . i ' ve had it better at many other places . 3 . duck fat fries these were very heavy and not very good . you could taste the duck fat and it was overwhelming . we ' ve had these at other places and enjoyed them much better . the tomato jam that came with it was sort of pretentious and not very enjoyable . i would have rather had ketchup . 4 . cobb salad this was by far the worst thing we ordered . the dressing was some sort of cross between ranch and blue cheese and was super watery . gross . the bacon came in the biggest pieces i ' ve ever seen and basically took over the whole salad . the avocado wasn ' t fresh and it just left much to be desired . i could have had a better cobb salad from the cheesecake factory . 5 . scallop the scallop was cooked perfect , but the sauce was too sweet and overwhelmed the taste of the scallop . if you like that sweet asian sauce on your scallops , then this was good , but it was too much for us . i ' d say the food here was very average at best . the reason i didn ' t not give searsucker 3 stars instead of 2 is because of the prices . everything is extremely expensive and for it just being ok , it is just not worth it . we won ' t be back to give it another try .
2			waitresses	polite	waitresses	nice	bacon	good	velvet	small	cupcake	nice	business	small	food	good	eggs	good	french	awesome			been to the squash blossom twice and have been happy with both visits . the food was really good for the price . waitresses were very nice and polite . banana pecan french was awesome left the restaurant in a food coma . the bacon and eggs was really good . the fruit and small red velvet cupcake with the meal was nice . give this small business a try if you ' re in the area .
1			service	worst			worst customer service ever . 2 weeks ago waited 4 minutes at drive thru to order , finally pulled to window and employees just weren ' t paying attention . ordered my food , added onions when i said no onions and forgot my chips . today i ordered online at 3 : 00 at 3 : 35 . no sandwich . i called to cancel and girl tells me she doesn ' t know how to refund my money advised her to ask manager . . guess we will see what happens . btw i live less than a mile away !
1			service	worst			absolutely the worst service ever . after helping me with my aquarium he took about 500 dollars of my equipment with him and will not return it after months of me trying to get it back . do not use this company .
2			amount	right	potatoes	mashed	kind	nice	chicken	good	hushpuppies	amazing			finally i got a chance to enjoy dtc picnic basket meal . my order was a meat + 3 fried chicken + 3 sides mashed potatoes n gravy , hushpuppies and cornbread note : in the summertime the wait is hella long , my 45 minute wait became an hour wait , patience chile should be your mantra ! the fried chicken , though good , was not crispy enough for my liking , it lacked the crunchiness i crave . however , my 3 sides were the showstoppers ! hushpuppies with the sauce is amazing . i am guessing they are dipped in chickpea flour batter . the cornbread was warm and went well with the gravy . the gravy here is a nice peppery kind with the right amount of thickness and consistency . i wish there were more places like this which have a picnic basket option .
1			groupon	online	service	horrible			i wish 0 stars was an option ! rude , and horrible customer service , i haven ' t even been to the place , and honestly don ' t care to go after booking my appointment ! if you don ' t want to honor any deals that you choose to put online groupon , living social , etc then don ' t offer them ! it ' s your choice ! ridiculous . thank you groupon for giving me my money back !
1			burgers	like	custard	free	touch	nice	it	stellar	sandwich	bad			update first trip was a fluke , bad sandwich . i would say steer clear of the patty melt . we have eaten here a few times since and it has been stellar . the custard is out of this world , the kids meals come with a free custard which is a nice touch . i still like the burgers at in n out better , but i have definitely eaten here quite a bit more than i have there in the past couple of months so that may change .
2			bars	yummy	ingredients	fresh	food	vegan	vendors	local	salad	delicious	she	nice	food	love	decor	awesome			i came in with my two girlfriends who were really not sold on the whole idea of vegan food or vegetables themselves . the really loved the food ! we got to meet the owner leslie , and she was really nice , and helped us choose some delicious kale salad and yummy dessert bars . on top of that it is really one of the cutest places in phoenix . awesome decor ! and fresh ingredients from local vendors . local best !
1			experiences	awkward	tips	necessary	therapist	nice	child	screaming	water	cold	experience	intimate	sign	small	lady	rude	experience	terrible	therapist	knowledgeable	experience	wonderful	results	great	experiences	comfortable no	touch	soothing	music	terrible	day	bad			from the moment i walked in there was terrible music played in the lobby and a screaming child echoing through the building . i understand everyone has a bad day now and then , but i have to say this was a terrible experience . my therapist was nice and knowledgeable , but a bit long winded and lacking in that soothing touch you ' d hope from someone who ' s getting ready to put water up your butt , an intimate experience to say the least . the child screaming could be heard the entire time . the water was cold . nothing was achieved from my session . 1 week earlier i had a session at a different colonics place and it was a wonderful experience that had great results . after an hour of what can only be described as one of the most awkward and uncomfortable experiences i ' ve had , i was told that i owed $ 12 as a tip , even though this was a groupon gift . i understand you should tip your therapist , however , a tip is based on the experience , and i didn ' t feel a tip was warranted . this upset the rude lady behind counter who made it a point to show me the small sign in the lobby stating that tips are necessary . do yourself a favor and do not go here .
1			restaurant	strange	they	open	cocktails	delish	restaurant	beautiful	kitchen	suck	food	good	service	bad			wow service was bad that is the waiter was awesome , the kitchen sucked in getting us our food . although most all the food was good , some was less the good . the cocktails were delish . the restaurant was really beautiful , but strange for the area ! i do not think they will be open much longer . sad
1			order	new	experience	horrible	food	cold	order	wrong	service	horrible			went here this morning for the first time . i had a horrible experience and am not sure i will go back . we sat at the bar and the servers took 10 minutes to even ask us if we wanted something to drink . finally when we ordered food and got it , the order was wrong and the servers didn ' t care and didn ' t even offer to get me a new order . the service was horrible and the food was cold !
1			someone	bad	food	decent	service	average	presentation	bad	food	average	service	bad			food was average . service was well below average . we sat at the bar had to ask for refills , wipe down of our area , them to pick up the plates when we were done , etc . i have not seen someone so bad at their job in a long time . the food presentation was beyond bad . food was slapped onto a plate with no presentation in mind . ordered a omelet with bell peppers and potatoes on the side . when the plate came out , it had bell peppers with egg residue scattered among the potatoes . it would be easier to deal with bad service with decent food , but that was not the case . mgmt really needs to hire or train better qualified people for this spot personally , i will never head back to that joint .
1			service	bad	chi	bad			bad service , they literally sprayed me and my friends in the face w a spritzer bottle over ' bad chi ' . rediculous !
2			taco	good	awful	awful	ins	amazing	package	fresh	segmentation	less	dives	amazing			awful , awful , just plain awful ! ! we were expecting a much better experience since every other restaurant we have been to that was featured on diners drive ins and dives has been amazing . i ordered the breakfast tacos because a good breakfast taco is a marvelous thing not this time ! my plate showed up with two flour tortillas fresh out of the package with about a 6 egg scramble dumped on top ! i have never seen so much egg in one order before ! no cilantro , chorizo , or anything of flavor or color . . ! very disappointing . my husband got the haluski and it was the featured dish . it was better than my tacos but nothing to bring us back . this diner needs to spend some time and money on improving the food and less on stamping ' as seen on ddd ' on all the glassware , china , napkins and walls ! !
2			lady	nice	work	good	i	picky	pedicure	simple	i	new	job	good	work	amazing			my nail lady was really nice and did a good job . the only thing i noticed that i feel like i paid a lot for just a simple manicure pedicure . as a california native , i ' m accustomed to the difference in prices comparing good work to amazing work . i ' ve had amazing work done in cali for prices a little lower . i ' m still new to the area so i ' m trying to find that bingo nail salon . however , t2 did a good job i guess i ' m just picky ! but overall a good job .
2			one	best	vindaloo	awesome	restaurant	best	josh	awesome	soups	fantastic	dishes	awesome			we just moved out here this year . we ' ve been to 3 indian restaurants in vegas so far , and this one is the best by far ! soups are fantastic , the vindaloo , rogan josh and curry dishes are awesome , and the drinks are reasonably priced . best indian restaurant in vegas imo .
1			know	human	it	right	you	crooked	customer	angry	i	happy no	you	shady	issues	technical	looks	great	it	simple	picture	full	modem	cheapest	service	subpar	service	bad			*****just stop now and sign up for internet with any other company except centurylink***** since may i have had subpar service with this company . i have called about 5 times to complain that i am only getting 5mb per second on all my devices . every time i call , the person on the other end tells me that the service looks great on their end . they don ' t listen when i tell them that i am getting 5mb on 3 devices and i should not have to reset the modem every two days like they tell me too . no one listens to what i need and it is a bunch of lies . today , i called to cancel and ginger the rep told me that i have a 12 month commitment . mind you that i signed up for a no contract service . she said that i owe $ 20 per month for the unused months 8 months left . she said that i could only cancel within the first 30 days . i let her know that i have called 5 times about the bad service . she cannot see the notes on her end and she is not linked to notes from technical issues . how can someone in retention not be able to see the history of the account to be able to get the full picture . another lie and ploy to get you to sign up and make you pay even more when you want to cancel . i don ' t want much , i just want my devices to have more than 5mb per second . i asked to speak to a supervisor and ginger refused to transfer me . she said she can send an email and then hung up on me . yes , she hung up on me . that is centurylink in a nutshell . pull this call , 9 26 2014 at about 2 : 10pm and the rep name is ginger . all i want is to leave . i don ' t want to do business with your company because you are shady and crooked . you cannot do business like this in 2014 and i will let every last human know to stay away . you cannot put no contract on the front page of your website and then tell me i am in a 12 month commitment . please make it right . not only for me but for future customers . 1 . ginger cannot hang up on me even though i am an angry customer . i believe i called the retention number . not only does she not help resolve an issue i have been having for months , she hangs up on me . she should be repremanded 2 . change the wording on your website to either say 12 month contract or truly allow customer to cancel anytime under your no contract . no contract is a lie . it is not called a contract but it is a 12 month commitment . how funny does that sound and is it different to you and i . i called to cancel and i will have to pay $ 20 per month for the unused months left in my commitment 2 . they throttle your service . you do not have the speed that you pay for . they will slow you down to a crawl if you use your service . 3 . the modem is the cheapest . when i signed up i was told that i had to use their modem wifi . if you use any devices wirelessly , stay away from centurylink . i sold my $ 200 wifi with the latest technology to go with their $ 39 one . the jokes on me . 4 . you will not get the service you pay for and complaining will do absolutelynothing . don ' t be sold on the price they give you . again , i just want to leave , i am unhappy because i pay for a service that i am not getting . all i ask is for you to honor we initially agreed upon . no contract . it is simple , cox does it , time warner does too . when the customer does not want the service , we just part ways .
1			service	horrible			horrible customer service . no one helped me pick out a dress , or in dressing room . i was told one thing and then another . i wouldn ' t recommend going here .
1			steak	new	grace	saving	feeling	bad			i had a bad feeling about this place and i should have listened to my gut . if i did i wouldnt be awake at 4am with what i call reverse food poisoning where it comes out . well u know . sorry for the tmi but i ate here 12 hours earlier and im still paying for it . the only saving grace was that friday night dinner includes ayce new york steak made to your liking . and i got there right before they switched from lunch to dinner so i only paid 8 . 99 instead of 13 . 99 . stay away .
2			beer	amazing			yum yum yum ! beer is amazing not one i couldn ' t drink a couple pints of . comfortable , welcoming atmosphere . would like to see a couple more things for food not interested in having pizza bread as an appetizer if the only entree choice is pizza . overall , would come back again in hopes that the menu will diversify .
1			food	bad	enchilada	small	tortillas	limp	tortillas	greasy	alternatives	many	chicken	mashed	food	good	service	great	chicken	bland	alternatives	good	service	bad			we recently debated if you ' d come back to a place for good food but bad service or bad food and great service . answer found here service doesn ' t win out over bad food . too salty . ckn tacos were limp greasy tortillas filled with mashed bland chicken looked like baby food . rice dreadful . chimichanga the size of a small enchilada . do people really wait in line in so phx for this ? too many good alternatives to come here twice . and we ' re usually pretty forgiving
2			treats	usual	store	love	attention	great	bamboo	wooden	products	unique	staff	knowledgable	fans	hard	toys	amazing	job	amazing			i love this pet store ! always have , always will . and now that i ' ve brought my kids here , they are die hard fans as well . the jungle motif and aesthetic of this shop sets this store apart from other pet stores . kudos to the architects and interior designers of this store , they did an amazing job with the interior . the attention to detail is great , and one can really feel that you ' re in a shop at animal kingdom at disneyworld . between the roped section by the cash and the wooden bamboo like walls , the store interior is really well done . merchandise wise , they seem to have everything you ' d need to care for and pamper your dog cat hamster gerbil bunny bird fish maybe other pet type . . . i ' m a dog person , so i tend to gravitate to the doggie areas . wow . amazing dog toys and the cutest dog coats ever ! all the usual dog treats and snacks and more . pricey , yes , but there are unique products here that i ' ve not seen elsewhere coats and toys , particularly . and they have animals here . cute , adorable , i have to take them home immediately animals . specifically , they have puppies , bunnies , hamsters , gerbils , mice and rats , birds and tons of fish here . again , i gravitate to the dog area . i know the perils of getting dogs from pet stores , and how many pet stores often get their puppies from puppy mills , and how we ' re not supposed to get pets at pet stores and why , but i gotta say , the animals at this store appear to be very well cared for . the staff is knowledgable about the dogs here and seem to genuinely care for them . if you asked about the puppies ' pedigree , they ' d probably be able to provide you with the breeders ' info .
1			restaurant	friendly	i	confused	idea	cute	food	horrible			again , let me start by saying i am in the restaurant business . uncle bears is a cute idea gone wrong . the concept is lost . what is uncle bears ? a sports bar , a pet friendly family restaurant ? an offshoot of an often repeated some kind of something with no identity ? i am not sure what it is . i am sure that the food is horrible . just garbage . the taste reflects the quality . horrendous . enough said on the food . ambience . huh ? i along with all 4 of my dining companions were totally confused as to what they were trying to do . in addition , we all thought it was a hollow feeling in the restaurant . it just doesn ' t work . it is a cross between several ideas that do not go together at all . price point is 3 steps above the quality of food being served . alot of other reviews state precisely this . the price is an insult to those of us that know better . if you don ' t know better enjoy . but enjoy soon the doors will be closing .
1			alcohol	lacking	drinks	bad	dish	dry	restaurant	recommend no	staff	rude	service	good	order	worthy no	service	bad			totally unimpressed with davanti enoteca on valentine ' s day . the service at the bar was good , but the specialty drinks were syrupy and lacking alcohol . however , i would take bad drinks to the bad service my husband and i received during the sit down dinner . the wait staff was flat rude . the pork dish my husband ordered was very dry , and my order of scallops was not worthy of it ' s pricetag . i would not recommend this restaurant , and i do not plan on returning . i will say some of my friends have had different experiences , but i will likely never get over the disappointment of our valentine ' s dinner . if you go here , stick to beer or wine and order pizza or pasta hopefully they can ' t mess that up .
2			topics	healthy	i	glad	cuts	bad	hair	long	she	knowledgeable	job	amazing			i came in to see rachel after a string of bad hair cuts since relocating here in arizona , not knowing who to turn to . she did an amazing job , was very knowledgeable , and even offered some tips to style my hair . i was very happy to have her listen to what i wanted , and then be able to execute my vision properly . i had very long hair with layers that were ruined from other stylists , but she fixed it up ! ! she was a joy to talk to , as we discussed healthy lifestyle topics , yoga , and life . i am glad i found someone i can trust , and someone i can get along with as well . i look forward to future cuts with her ! !
2			service	great	food	best	they	best	service	amazing			i travel a ton and get to experience some of the best food in the world . second time attending here and this time i took my dad . out of all the restaurants i took him to in arizona , and i took him to lots , he agreed with me that they were the best . chicken with the mac n cheese is amazing , great service and underrated among the food blogs and awards out there . see you when i ' m back in town !
1			food	great no	service	bad			really bad service food wasn ' t that great either . no wonder they are always on groupon .
1			pizza	good	part	nicest	food	cold	service	horrible	quality	sound	notch	top	pizza	cold	server	annoying	i	excited	me	alone	it	bad			i was excited about this theater opening and was hoping it would live up to my expectations . i ' ve gone several times , the first time was when they first opened . had some drinks at the bar before we went in , ordered food once we sat down . the pizza was pretty good but cold , as was the food my friend ordered . service was horrible as well . a few months later i thought i would give it another shot maybe things had improved . nope same cold food and annoying server that kept interrupting the movie to pick up the check before i was done eating ! i had to tell him to leave me alone it was so bad . the sound quality is also majorly lacking in this theater . sadly the nicest part of this venue is the bathroom . really nice lol anyway recently tried studio movie grill in the epicenter and was top notch compared and believe it or not cheaper .
2			gem	little	breakfast	amazing	gem	hidden	breakfast	awesome	service	great	service	awesome			was an amazing breakfast and great service awesome little hidden gem had the country fried steak and want seconds !
1			number	corporate	service	bad			decently priced . . but not for the hassle i had to go through . as soon as i was done with my oil change , i ' m leaving the parking lot and notice there ' s a nail in my tire . . so i go back and he rushes to grab his card and sends me to discount tire to get it patched . as i ' m leaving discount tire , i check to see if one of my screws are missing . sure to find out , one of the srews are missing to my skid plate and it was the one in my tire . i call back to tell them . he rudely tells me to bring it back and as i start to get a tad bit frustrated on the phone , i was hung up on . i try to call back about 4 5 times , no answer . i call another location to get the corporate number and try calling back this location . shiloh answers and tells me i have an attitude and basically to please stop cursing if i want help and proceeds to hang up on me as well . i shouldn ' t have to calm down because you guys don ' t know how to put things back the way you find them . bad customer service and cant put your car back correctly .
2			maker	best	job	amazing			thank you cait ! made my 21st birthday cakes just the way i wanted them i know i ' m 2 months late on a review but but better now then never ' thank you so much you did an amazing job on both the cakes . next birthday in vegas i ' ll be calling you again . best cake maker ever !
1			i	upset	it	worth	tables	separate	spoon	wicked	waits	long	they	busy	parties	big	she	rude	it	empty	maam	busy	id	willing	tables	empty	groups	large	tables	huge	crap	holy	tables	big	!!!	new	service	bad			ok . so i was so pumped about this place that i went a second time and took my family that was visiting from hawai ! ! sure , the wait was 2hours long , but i told them it was going to be worth it . yes , $ 37 . 00 was pushing it . . which was what we paid the last time we came , but i told them they ' d get their moneys worth . we finally get to the front where we pay for out entrance , and the lady said it was $ 44 automatically im thinking , holy crap we were just here and the price was not 44 . she said the price changed a few days ago . well , they should have put up a sign or something , how was i to know that ? ! the 37 . 00 was still plastered all over the website ! i figured fine , we already waited 2 hours , we might as well . i asked for a party of 8 , and she said they couldnt do more than 4 per table ! ! i was in shock ! i mean i knew that they were busy , but one of the tings i loved about this buffet when i was there the last time was the big huge round tables they had to accommodate large groups ! right then and there i asked to speak with a supervisor , and even she was rude . she said , and i quote , maam , you can clearly see were busy , we cant take big parties on one table . i told her id be willing to wait , and she told me it was going to be another 2 hours i was upset , so i just took it and said fine , give us 2 separate tables . so we get to our table , and get this . they sit us near 4 empty huge tables that seat a part of 8 ! ! ! ! ! i was livid . i went up to the front and told them about it and they said that they didnt have a server for the section , even though it was 2 feet away from us ! oh , and it gets worse . so we ' ve already waited 2 hours in line right ? just the line alone to get to the food was ridiculous ! ! ! i waited for 15 in just for crab legs . . when i went to the asian section to get the roasted duck that i wanted , it was completely empty , and had to wait for that too . and a lot of the stuff they used to have when i first went there was gone . overall , $ 44 for a buffet ? bad service ? not enough food ? long waits ? sooooo overrated ! i wont ever go back , i can get way better food for $ 44 and wayyy better service and not have to wait as long . wicked spoon at the cosmo is now my new number 1 ! ! !
1			spoon	wicked	dishes	high	wynn	like	price	highest	food	ok	manner	timely	basis	regular	food	love	day	bad			this review is based mostly on the price vs other vegas buffets . bacchanal charges a lot more than any of the other buffets in vegas . i went for a weekday lunch and the price was $ 33 , ouch ! ! this is compared to $ 25 at the wynn . i really like the wynn a lot , so i was expecting a lot more at this place . unfortunately , nothing excited me at this buffet . maybe it was just a bad day for them , but pretty much everything was underwhelming that day . a lot of the food did not get refilled in a timely manner and a lot of the signs were not in front of the food , so you did not know what some things were . in terms of the food , i guess i got used to the wynn , wicked spoon and the bellagio . most of the food here was cheapie food , not that there is anything wrong with that , as i love cheapie food . its just when i go to one of these buffets , i expect to try high end dishes i do not usually eat on a regular basis . they had street tacos , bbq meats , chinese food and noodles like pho , udon and ramen . i would much rather get these types of foods in hole in the wall restaurants and they are much better at those places . the food overall was ok , but if you are going to charge the highest price for a buffet on the strip , i think the food should be much better than just ok .
1			it	overpriced	servers	friendly	section	good no	ones	cold	section	massive	service	good	servers	helpful	downside	main	crab	hot	ones	hot	table	individual	i	excited	buffet	best	it	bad			dinner only review : expensive ? absolutely . worth it ? depends on what you eat . i easily ate my price worth of hot crab legs , lamb and chocolate covered strawberries so i cannot complain about the price . however i think it is around 15 dollars overpriced though in comparison to other buffets in the city it is fairly priced . it is hands down the best buffet in vegas that i have eaten at . the service was really good as well , both my individual table server bussers , and the buffet servers were all very friendly helpful . the asian food section was not good in my opinion at all . it was the main downside to this buffet experience . the section is massive which i was excited about , but most of the food was very flavorless and seemed like it had been sitting out way too long which i somewhat expect for a buffet , but it was exceptionally bad here . ps hot crab legs are way better than the cold ones they have piled up on the buffet line . if you ask the guys at the pasta station , they will gladly fill a plate up with some hot ones for you .
2			it	tasty	guacamole	amazing	marg	huge	she	nice	servers	best	maria	awesome	marg	skinny	chips	amazing	marg	awesome			i came here on date night with my boyfriend , and we were blown away ! our server maria was awesome , she was super nice , and seriously was one of the best servers i ' ve had in a while . we started off with chips and guacamole , which were amazing and i also ordered the skinny marg which was huge and equally awesome ! we ordered the fajitas for two and it was super tasty and a ton of food . we will definitely be back !
1			i	crazy	service	worst			this restaurant has the worst customer service i have ever experienced . the person serving me rolled her eyes when i asked to not have cheese on a tortilla i had never been given a choice . the other person literally did not guide me through any choices he said what do you want ? . then he walked away in the middle of serving my sister . awful awful . i asked for a manager and the person at the cash register looked at me like i was crazy . i will never go back . this place needs a manager and a major customer service overhaul .
1			taste	fresh no	food	terrible	service	terrible	list	bad			don ' t even know what i ' m still doing here . terrible food , terrible service . sushis didn ' t taste fresh at all . they screwed up the orders . they forgot a lot of my orders and brought me other people ' s food . i had a groupon coupon and at the end they wanted me to pay the taxes and tips . when i refused , the manager said that he was going to put my name on the bad customer list . hahahhahaha . he can put a poster with my picture on in fromt of his restaurant if he wants to , i ' m never going back ! ! ! ! i only put one star because yelp wouldn ' t let me rate it any lower .
1			burger	real	food	classic	it	bad			classic junk food . it ' s pretty bad . if you want a real burger go up the street to le barbare .
2			earthfare	dear	food	amazing	businesses	local	we	amazing	juices	fresh	place	mega	juices	amazing			my first experience with wf and i am so in love never knew i could be swayed from my dear earthfare but this place is mega and i just couldn ' t believe how much cheaper my specialty products were compared to ef . the food was amazing , the fresh juices were amazing , and the smoothies we ' re amazing ! they have a wine bar , and they carry products of local businesses , have a play area for kids and several areas to lounge around , and valet parking . what ' s not to love ?
2			delivery	awesome			such an awesome delivery service ! why hasn ' t anyone done something like this before ?
2			cirque	impressive	seats	excellent	seats	comfortable	artist	cool	performers	amazing			by far , the least impressive cirque du soleil show i have seen . the performers are all amazing , but for some reason , it was not showcased or directed well . we spent over $ 130 on each ticket , and we had excellent seats , which were very comfortable , but the show seem to drag on . the sand artist was really cool and different .
2			glass	nice	act	favorite	show	awesome	i	glad	ushers	friendly	seating	fantastic	show	favorite	line	hard	wheels	rotating	shows	many	itself	concerned	ushers	helpful	displays	amazing			i have a feeling love will always be my favorite cirque show , but zarkana was a lot of fun and definitely deserves 4 stars . the wheelchair seating is fantastic . the ushers were friendly and helpful . i was even able to get a nice glass of prosecco before the show . as far as the show itself is concerned , the amazing acrobatic displays more than made up for a hard to follow story line . my favorite act was what i guess you would call the wheel of death . two performers doing stunts inside and outside of two spinning , rotating wheels . they actually made me gasp at several moments . with so many shows to see in vegas , i doubt i will go back to zarkana , but it still is an awesome show and i am glad i went .
2			menu	large	thursday	quiet	seating	open	coke	large	staff	nice	hangers	numerous	pizza	famous	deal	great	side	odd	flavor	real	pizza	amazing			decided to give this place a shot after receiving numerous door hangers and handbills . . the place is designed a bit on the odd side but has plenty of open seating as well as a few booths . the menu is large with a great deal of variety , perhaps too much . . walked in at 12noon on a thursday very quiet , i was the only one there . decided to give their ' famous ' pizza a try and ordered two slices of pepperoni with a large coke , only $ 5 . 99 . the pizza is anything but amazing , lacked any real flavor and had the texture of something that had been reheated from the day before . so needless to say , avoid the pizza as there are better pizzerias in the area . staff appear to be nice but not sure i would have the sign flippers walking through during business hours . judging by the revues regarding their burgers here on yelp , i may give that a try next but again there are plenty of burger joints around here already .
1			i	upset	lord	dear	it	empty	experience	horrible			dear lord . we ' ve been sitting here 45 minutes and got 1 drink and still no food . it ' s saturday . and it ' s empty . we are only staying to see how long it takes at this point . completely horrible experience . i may not stay at the hotel again i ' m so upset .
2			place	love	patio	awesome			i love this place ! i had lunch on the patio , awesome patio , and had the peppercorn burger f&ck yeah !
2			impression	positive	bar	crowded	care	great	items	favorite	desserts	yummy	cake	amazing	plate	amazing	s'mores	amazing	it	love	cookies	amazing			i popped in previously to book a group for a work meeting , but had never eaten there . even though my managers decided to eat elsewhere , the customer service left a positive impression . the hostess greeted me by opening the door and a manger walked me through his favorite menu items . i returned tonight to have appetizers and drinks with my dad and loved it . we sat inside at the bar , which was crowded , but heather , our server , and ryan , the manager , took great care of us . they knew the menu well , could explain the wines in depth , and treated us to some yummy desserts ! the shrimp appetizer plate , date and espresso cookies , goat cheese cake , and glorified s ' mores were all amazing . definitely coming back ! !
1			chain	strong	idea	brilliant	heart	heavy	felt	compelled	respect	great	addition	great	example	classic	fan	huge	i	excited	it	bad			this was truly a major league disappointment . i am a huge fan of the horror genre , and have a great respect for eli roth . i took a group of friends to the goretorium , and i was very excited . this is a classic example of a chain only being as strong as it ' s weakest link . i had the very highest of hopes , and even gave an extra star based on the money someone clearly poured into this venture . but sadly , it was all soured by the customer service . yes , the weakest link was the staff . and they were so flippant , and so sarcastically sweet in the way they went about trivializing our experience , that i felt compelled to write this review . it ' s really too bad , because behind the staff that is ultimately going to be their costly demise , i ' m sure there is a well intentioned group of visionaries that will always wonder what happened to their brilliant and well executed idea . unfortunately , las vegas is a customer service driven destination , and to survive here , they are going to need to learn that , quickly . hopefully , they read these reviews , and learn from them . as such , it is with a heavy heart that i issue 2 stars . i do however hope that they get their act together , since this has the potential of being a great addition to las vegas . i will try them again in a month or so , and re review .
1			atmosphere	sweet	world	known	ham	shaved	foodie	serious	views	great	meat	rare	assessment	fair	parking	difficult	i	positive	rabbit	dead	it	terrible	place	terrible	thing	worst			this place is probably the worst thing that ever happened to the history of the known world . admittedly the atmosphere is pretty sweet . great views of the city , although parking can be a little difficult . the food , however , i initially would want to call unremarkable but i can ' t . i can ' t call it unremarkable because it is so incredibly remarkably terrible . i ordered a club sandwich . it took 45 min to get to my table after i ordered . after about 30 min i was informed there was no turkey , so they would have to substitute turkey with chicken . that was fine . at this point i just wanted my food . when the sandwich came , my sister who was also with me said the following : your sandwich looks like something they would sell at a gas station in south carolina . i think that was a completely fair assessment . for a $ 11 club sandwich and 45 min wait , i had pictured a sandwich carefully crafted with shaved ham and turkey as advertised on the menu . what i got was a slab of ham steak slapped on two pieces of bread . i ' m positive i could have made a better sandwich from my play kitchen as a 3 year old . my wife ordered a burger medium well . it came out about as rare as i ' ve ever seen meat . at this point though we had been waiting for so long she just went with it . to put in perspective how terrible this place is , this is the first time i have ever signed into yelp and wrote a review , and i would consider myself a serious foodie . bottom line : if i owned a gun , and was walking in a field with a peculiar rabbit just ahead of me . i would shoot that rabbit dead . this place is terrible .
1			service	horrible			horrible customer service . they only care money !
1			beverages	bottled	food	awesome	tasted	good	one	polite	experiences	bad	necessity	basic	grace	saving	food	good	one	minimum	you	rude no	kitchen	closed	service	bad			2 stars for the awesome food . all that we ordered tasted good . but the service was below par . especially this one server , arshad . he threw too much attitude ! customer service is a very basic necessity when you decide to run a restaurant . the minimum one can do is be polite while taking orders , you needn ' t smile , needn ' t go out of the way to help customers . but you cannot be rude and outright snappy ! we were there for a family get together and he began by not helping to seat us , not getting silverware , and when we tried to place orders for some bottled beverages , he refused to get them saying kitchen is closed ! couple of other families had bad experiences with the service too . but 2 other servers were the saving grace of our evening . overall , good food , bad service .
2			staff	attentive	part	best	curry	amazing			amazing curry , done japanese style . staff is very attentive , and all of the food cooked fresh to order . they do give you options on your spiciness level desired , i ' m a wimp and do 1 . my husband does a 7 , and he loves the bracing kick it has . all of the fried foods are perfectly done , juicy when appropriate . the sauce is the best part of the meal , hearty and ultra flavorful . my fave place to eat in vegas !
2			providers	awesome	setting	medical	feel	confident	i	nervous	feel	beautiful	felt	comfortable	peel	perfect	results	incredible	professionals	medical	peels	chemical	peel	chemical	clinic	awesome			recently got the perfect peel a chemical peel here . first of all the price was a steal ! compared to other chemical peels at spas , dermatologist , etc i paid less than half what i would have paid elsewhere . plus i felt much more comfortable having this procedure done in a medical setting by medical professionals rather than spa . second the clinic and the providers are awesome ! being that this was my first time getting a peel i was a little nervous but this is something i ' ve wanted to do for a long time . for the price of dark spot correctors , microdermabrasion , not to mention makeup to cover my problem skin it was soooooo worth it ! and lastly , i am on the 3rd day after treatment and already i see incredible results ! the dark patches that i most wanted gone are gone and i feel so much more self confident again . thank you vivacity for giving us with skin problems the opportunity to feel so beautiful without breaking the bank !
1			poisoning	worst			never again , i ate here and got the worst food poisoning . don ' t risk it ,
1			customer	worst			worst customer service ever ! ! ! avoid this store if at all possible !
1			thing	best	responsibilities	check	attendant	apologetic	room	clean	bathroom	clean	check	normal	check	horrible			the best thing that i can say about my stay was that the room & bathroom was clean . the front desk service was horrible outside of their normal check in check out responsibilities . asking them to call or a cab was a disaster , the front desk offered the shuttle service but could only drop me off a half mile from my location . not being from pittsburgh and not having an umbrella ruled out a stroll in the rain . the bed was extra firm with a hump in the middle . and my attempt in the morning to iron my dress shirt was an epic fail as the iron burnt an imprint of itself in my shirt . the desk attendant , tony was sincerely apologetic for my stay .
1			atmosphere	cool	service	worst			cool atmosphere , but just about the worst service you can imagine . ordered a beer 10 minutes ago and still waiting .
2			salt	amazing			honey salt is simply amazing ! it was my husbands first time on our 3rd anniversary and the entire staff took extra care of us ! thank you ! we look forward to coming back ! casey , sherlene , the bartender , and paul too
1			service	rude	food	great	in	limited	mayo	damn	they	open	brownies	tiny	burger	excellent	peeves	biggest	fashion	timely	espresso	good	service	decent	everything	ok	service	bad			the food was great . the service was non existent . i had called and spoken to the hostess regrading their hours . i was not told that there was an in between menu beginning at 2 : 30 . i was told that they served lunch beginnig at 11 : 30 and that dinner started at 5 . please note the website says they open at 10 : 30am , so this is confusing . i drove 300 miles from west los angeles and arrived around 3 : 45 , an hour after they stopped serving lunch . the manager was kind enough to let us order a sandwiche off of the lunch menu , however . the in between menu is severely limited , although i did order the burger off of that menu . we were seated and ordered . this is when the rude , inconsiderate and bad service began . the man that delivered our food who i believe was a manager just put the plates down . he didn ' t say anything . he just brusquely placed them on the table . i ordered a burger and wanted condiments , but he scurried off before i could ask for mayo . i had to flag down our server which took about five minutes . meanwhile , my food was getting cold . one of my biggest pet peeves in restaurants is when i order a burger and then am not served condiments in a timely fashion . our server asked a busboy to bring mayo to the table . i swear that kid ran over to whole foods to buy a jar of hellman ' s . it took several minutes to get the damn mayo ! not once during the meal did our server come over to the table to see how everything was . we were not offered drink refills . he waited until we had cleared our plates and then came over and asked , is everything okay ? we chided him for not paying attention to the table . he tried to make up for the bad service by bringing two tiny brownies over . too little too late . to honey salt ' s credit the food was great . my companion had the cubano sandwich wich was exquisite . i had the burger which was excellent . we both had espresso which was very good . i am giving this place two stars because the service was non existent . i don ' t mind paying $ 14 for a cheeseburger , but i want decent service to go with it .
1			snags	many	store	recommend	experience	worst			will was my salesman , and it was the worst experience of my life . i understand there will be snags , however there were way too many snags . it was the worse customer service i have ever received , and actually i am still waiting for resolution on some things . i started this process in april , and am still not done . i will never recommend this store to anyone .
2			staff	friendly	place	love	food	amazing			i absolutely love this place ! the food is amazing and the staff is very friendly . . i always get the bbq mix at least once a week lol bomb . com
2			pizza	best	crust	like	crust	thick	it	amazing			the best pizza in vegas . if you like thick crust , you have to try the metro thick crust . it is amazing . the only negative with this place is the price , but sometimes you get what you pay for .
2			place	awesome			awesome place . except the id guy needs to learns manners and or customer service skills .
2			i	worried no	experience	disappointing	carpet	facial	koltton	amazing			wow , what a disappointing experience . my hubby keeps telling me to stop buying groupons and i might start listening cannot guarantee . i am not sure if it is because i had a groupon or not , however i didn ' t feel welcomed . i get my brows done next door by koltton who is amazing . first thing she told me was to wait in the waiting area since she was running late . ok , my next appointment was not until noon so i was not too worried . 15 minutes later and i started getting nervous . i was about to text my next appointment when she came to get me at 11 : 05 . i was never given a cover up to put over my clothing , not even a dentist ' s paper bib . she just told me to lay down and she started removing my make up , then a little rubbing of something else . after she put a gauzy feeling mask over my face . she removed it and said , we are done . i always tip , so i tipped her $ 10 and left . it was 11 : 25 when i got in my car . i couldn ' t believe it , so i went to my groupon page to check . it was supposed to be a 30 minute red carpet facial , guess i don ' t need to come back .
2			service	amazing	deal	free	blowdry	mediocre	online	dry	apology	sincere	fashion	apologetic no	joes	awesome			i made an appointment for a blow dry online for 10 am . i received a text and an email confirmation . on arriving at 10 am i was told my appointment was for 10 . 35 am and i would have to wait , in a unapologetic fashion . i went to the awesome trader joes around the corner and arrived at 10 . 33 am , to see that they already had taken 2 clients . my hair was started at 10 . 55 am or so . the blowdry was mediocre . to the owners credit , she did offer me a buy one , get one free deal which i declined , but has not replied to my email . i would have preferred a sincere apology . go to the drybar on 32nd ! amazing customer service and better blowouts .
1			bite	quick	sandwich	deep	experience	worst			i went to blue 32 with a friend a few weeks and had the worst experience . my friend and i stopped in for a quick bite to eat before we saw a movie . while my friend enjoyed the deep fried monte carlo sandwich , i did not enjoy my quesadilla with bacon and shrimp . the bacon was over whelming and i don ' t think the shrimp was cook properly . i looked around for our waiter and could not find him . nor track any other worker down to get something else or have it remade . we even wanted to order more drinks and couldn ' t . didn ' t stop once to see how our meal was . the waiter returned after my friend finished his food . i told him what was wrong with my food . he offered to get me something else but i stated no that we were in a rush now for a movie . he brings us the bill and i was charged for a meal i didn ' t even barely eat . in fact i got home and spent 4 hours in the bathroom sick as a dog . i wanted to contact the restaurant to tell them that they have horrid service but they dont even have a website or a contact email .
2			portions	good	staff	friendly	sub	awesome			chicken salad sub was awesome , portions were good and staff was friendly will definitely eat here again !
2			show	awesome	you	good	one	big no	you	free	nightview	awesome			bought a groupon deal when going vegas with my mom and husband . the chopper you gonna ride is not a big one , not something you saw in the movie but good enough for us to see . i sat in passenger seat at front and the other two sit at the back , so everyone got a window seat . 20 minute ride to see the strip and downtown . nightview is awesome i booked 8pm tour , remember to checkout sunset time . the captain will not talk a lot will only tell you where is the best time to take photo for strip , and where is downtown . when you waiting you are free to look at their airplane garages and take photos , which is a plus ! during this vegas trip i also went to the top of paris effie tower to see vegas from top in the daytime , and i think helicopter is way better ! btw the groupon includes a comedy magic show ticket , and the show was awesome , mom said her stomach hurts because she laugh so hard ! fun time~
1			food	terrible	food	overwhelming	thought	good	places	worst			i went on easter sunday because most places were packed . one of the worst places i ' ve been to . their food was terrible and was just overwhelming . and we asked what the waiter thought was good , but it wasnt wat we hoped for .
2			server	friendly	food	amazing			the food was pretty amazing for the price and omar was a very friendly , helpful server ! we ate until we were stuffed for $ 22 , we ' ll definitely be back .
1			office	open	experience	horrible			horrible experience ! if you are depressed , please do not got to harmony ! ironic name . . eye roll the first session is indeed a questionnaire so , no therapy there . then after a 3 week wait for an appt with an intern counselor , showing up and waiting for 30 mins they tell me she called in sick . another 3 week wait , happened again at least they called this time another 3 weeks go by and today . . surprise , i can no longer go to w post rd , where i live because the run down charleston office 45 mins away is wide open . unless , i pay cash to stay in my neighborhood of course , so still no therapy . what a nightmare ! i am more depressed now , that before i tried to get therapy 3 months ago ! i agree with another poster . this place is about greed only , and should be closed immediately , as they are causing , not preventing harm !
1			ones	great	batter	thick	pub	worst	block	big	sticks	like	options	many	batter	soggy	block	huge	i	wrong	potato	greasy	juice	watery	service	horrible	flavor	flavor no	lack	awful	it	bad no	waitress	awful	night	bad			this is really the worst pub i have ever eaten at ! we should have left after looking at the menu , but i figured it really could not be that bad . wow was i wrong . fish & chips ; thick soggy batter with white mush inside for fish and zero flavor . the chips big huge block like sticks of greasy mush potato . brook trout ; a slab of fish with no flavor and root vegetables that tasted just like dirt . so ok maybe the chef had a bad night , like he forgot his seasoning apron . i could see a off night , but i can ' t see horrible service . not in vegas where ever casino has at least three great restaurant and five or so ok ones . our waitress or lack of one was awful she literally was never there . i had to grab someone walking by every time we needed any thing drinks , bread , our order , and check . ok all that and a bus boy that spilled twice all over the table . first time pouring water , he just kept pouring even after he had left the glass . second time picking up our plates , spilling what ever buttery watery juice came with the trout all over the table and my iphone . each time he did this he never apologized or said a word . guess i can say , just don ' t go . go anywhere else , there are so many options
1			fries	frozen	food	overpriced	meat	watery	it	expensive	food	poor	i	disappointed	meat	weird	it	bad			i was very disappointed by this place . if you watch any of gordon ramsey ' s shows he always talks about quality . this was very poor quality food . frozen fries , weird watery meat in shepard pie , and a rather bland in eventful burger . it is also expensive . just blahhhh . the whole gordon ramsey thing is just an act to sell overpriced food . the winner of his chef show that was supposed to be the chef of the restaurant failed her drug test so she is not there either . so they are just a ship at sea with no sail . i have spent time in england and this is very much on par with british food . it is pretty bad .
2			it	tender	experience	amazing			amazing experience . had the lamb and it was so tender and juicey . i could have it for every meal .
1			dressing	little	staff	friendly	cut	small	night	late	selection	nice	place	like	rib	prime	caramel	salted	chicken	raw	taste	bad	cocktail	good	gastropub	local	choice	bad			i wanted to like this place , a local gastropub , what could be better ? it started well , good cocktail for me and the husband had wine . nice selection of both not your average lists . then we ordered the cheeseboard and was happy with not only the amount of cheese but the meats as well . here ' s where we should have stopped and walked away . i would have given it 4 stars at that point . but then we all ordered dinner bad choice . i ordered the chicken dish was supposed to be stuffed with brie and apples , don ' t remember finding either , and after a few bites in , found the chicken wasn ' t cooked all the way . yikes ! the sides were nothing to sing about either , some lettuce with a little dressing , and some cooked spinach . for $ 15 i would have expected more . everyone else ordered prime rib , which was a small cut , and had nothing fancy about the sides . lastly , we ordered the ice cream : salted caramel . when they said salted , they meant it ! i think they forgot the caramel . was really bad . they did take off the charge for both my raw chicken and the salt ice cream , but that left a bad taste in my mouth . literally . if you go stick to happy hour or a late night drink and appetizer with friends ! those were decent and the staff was very friendly .
2			food	ready	flavor	good	atmosphere	nice	mozzarella	fresh	place	true	reviews	many	cheese	shredded	cashier	friendly	i	excited	reviews	amazing			do i eat the pizza with a spoon or straw ? after seeing many amazing reviews , the fam and i thought we would give this place a go . boy , what a let down ! i was uber excited to have a true pizza place in the nw part of vegas . after finally trying it , i will continue to drive completely across town to a true pizza place . the cons : *if you are a first timer to the restaurant be prepared to be confused on the ordering process and to not receive much help trying to get clarification . *the two pizza ' s the fam and i experienced were soggy beyond belief . it was almost pizza soup . *while we were trying to drink our dinner , we happened to spill a glass of water on the table . when i attempted to find someone to assist or even just a towel it became an impossible task . * the fresh mozzarella didn ' t have much flavor , but this could also be because we don ' t get very much on either pizza . *when we asked for more cheese they busted out the sysco shredded cheese . *last but not least they have pepsi products . i don ' t hold this one against them too much , but i am a coca cola girl . the pros : *the food is ready in a matter of minutes . *the actual flavor of the cooked parts of the crust and most toppings was good . *the atmosphere is nice . *the cashier was friendly .
2			calories	less	i	sad	you	regular	drinks	fresh	coffee	great	carmalizer	skinny	system	amazing	carmalizer	recommend	rockin	awesome			dutch bro ' s coffee is amazing , not burnt like starbucks , or watered down . the drinks are fresh to order and their stamp card system is amazing if you ' re a regular . the staff is super up beat , polite and they always have awesome music rockin . i recommend the skinny carmalizer , hot . it doesn ' t taste too different from the original with less calories . i ' m so sad i ' m moving away from this location , but will probably go out of my way to stop by once in a while . great coffee , but even better people !
1			tv	direct	experencw	worst			worst experencw of my life . want to be lyed to sign up with direct tv
2			yu	awesome	udon	special	udon	awesome			spicy udon is very awesome ! ! ! ! ! ! the yu yu special udon is awesome too ! ! ! i bought my japanese girlfriend here and she says she wants to work here and that the waitress speaks very cute japanese ! ! ! and then she says not cute in japan and i say nooooooooooooooooooo don ' t say thaaaaaaaaattttttt ! ! !
2			i	surprised	restaurant	great	server	great	toppings	hard	crust	buttery	crust	great	restaurant	nice	toppings	chewy	pizza	amazing			i was very pleasantly surprised when i walked in . i guess i wasn ' t expecting a nice sit down restaurant . it exceeded my expectations in that regard . the server was great . very attentive . the palermo pizza was amazing . buttery great crust , lots of cheese . the sicilian pizza was very over cooked . the crust was harder and the toppings were chewy and hard . i would get the first pizza again and will be back to try more stuff . great restaurant .
2			shop	like	shop	cute	ones	great	glaze	simple	donut	warm	batch	fresh	donut	beautiful	fit	good no	balance	like	cheese	bleu	bite	huge	dumpling	hard	jelly	sour	donut	simple	smith	local	glaze	like	type	glazed	inside	fluffy no	something	like	maple	mixed	it	sour	them	hate	donuts	fresh no	it	warm	glaze	fresh	donut	boring	donut	new	donut	light	i	excited	guy	friendly	type	adventurous no	ones	many	place	simple	glaze	original	people	nice	feel	bad	jelly	like no	thought	crunchy	donuts	hate	service	awesome			it pains me to write this review after so many great ones . i actually met i think the the owner in the local smith ' s grocery store about a month or so before it opened . the guy asked me if i had facebook and i immediately said mmmmm . . no . i didn ' t know who he was he then said that if i did , he wanted to ask if i could like his donut shop on fb that will be opening . i had two thoughts after this #1 how could i like something that hasn ' t opened yet and #2 omg a new donut shop , i ' m soooo excited ! i told him that i will be there as soon as they opened ! i would first like to say that my love not like but my love of donuts are serious . however , in fairness i am a glazed twist type of gal . i hate donuts that aren ' t fresh , i hate them so much that i arrive usually at donut shops as early as i possibly can to get the fresh batch ! onto the actual review . the shop is so cute ! pink everywhere ! the customer service was awesome . the guy with the pink shirt was so friendly and asked all my questions . i looked at the options of the donuts and was a little frightened . . i ' m not the adventurous type . after looking at bacon donuts and bleu cheese mixed maple . . somethin . . somethin . . apple . . idk i picked a simple glaze and jelly donut . i was so happy because the guy told me that the glaze was fresh . i couldn ' t even wait until i got home to eat it ! i felt the warmth of the glaze from inside the bag ! ! how can you drive all the way home with knowing that ? not i ! ! ! so i grabbed that beautiful warm donut and took a huge bite . my first thought was crunchy . . crunchy ? the inside wasn ' t as fluffy , as i would ' ve liked . it was more of a fried hard dumpling with glaze . it was more of a cake donut texture inside rather than a fluffy . . light donut . the inside tasted like it had maybe nutmeg or cinnamon or . . both which was a different taste . i just wasn ' t expecting it . my purpose of getting a simple donut was to to get a simple donut . i dont think this is a simple donut place ! i went home and tried the jelly donut . the jelly was sour , it seemed homeade but . . sour . my bf liked the orignal glaze but didn ' t like the jelly filled at all . he thought it was pretty sour too . he only liked the original glaze when it was warm , apparently it tasted different when it cooled off . that was just his opinion . the icing they put on their donuts aren ' t enough for me . i would like a balance of the krispy kreme and winchells icing amount . ughh i feel so bad doing this review because i think the people were soooooo nice , but it just wasn ' t what i was a fan of . i think i was looking for a simple . . boring donut place and got . . if dr seus owned a donut shop place . if you ' re looking for something different try them out ! this just wasn ' t a good fit for me sadly .
1			it	spectacular	cheese	simple	service	bad			oh my ! i ' ve never considered myself much of a burger person , until now . this burger was perfection ! a simple cheese with lettuce and it was spectacular . as were the fries and the environment . the only reason four the four star review is that our service was about as bad as it gets . our server was really out of it . tables with other servers sat after us and ordered before us . others sat after us , ordered after us , and finished their meals before we were served . the issue appeared to be limited to our area server . all of that said i would go back . no question . the standard of the food is on another level .
2			place	awesome			place was awesome this past friday night ! our party of six had a great time and would go again every time we go to vegas !
1			massage	wonderful	visit	bad			i stand corrected . after my initial bad visit they called me and asked me to return . i did so and met both owner and manager very nice and had a wonderful massage by cassandra .
1			smell	bad			everything served in or on styrofoam , tasteless , overpriced . my refrigerator has a bad smell in it from the leftovers :
1			it	free	day	bad			so , judging from the rest of the reviews , i guess i caught them on a bad day . a day bad enough for food poisoning . i don ' t think i would return , even if it was free . meh .
2			place	awesome			this place is awesome . simple , tasty , stylish , we ' ll be coming back here again and again .
2			katia	lovely	detail	knowledgable	detail	oriented	looks	amazing	her	recommend	she	amazing			i had a facial with the lovely katia and let me just say that she is amazing ! very detail oriented and knowledgable . i left her shop feeling elated and my skin looks amazing ! i will definitely recommend her and can ' t wait to come back to las vega s and doing my facial , sugaring and makeup with katia again .
1			me	wrong	pho	good	server	rude	establishment	worst			absolutely the worst pho establishment i have ever been to . extremely rude server she shouldn ' t be working there . a couple actually left before even ordering we should have followed them . the pho was good don ' t get me wrong but in the service industry service is everything ! ! don ' t waste your time or money at a place that acts like they don ' t even want you there .
2			ways	many	impact	huge	food	priced	members	helpful	food	delicious	proof	love	members	personal	impression	positive	food	fresh	flavors	unique	bowls	love	food	healthy	food	flavorful	place	special	place	amazing			everyone once in a while , you come across a place that is special and amazing . this is one of those places . the food is fresh and delicious and the unique flavors and ingredients just make the chopshop stand out against similar establishments . i visited from ny and wish we had something like this here ! i love the bowls and the juices proof that it is possible to have healthy , flavorful and well priced food . i also have to mention that a few members of the staff really went out of their way to be both personal and helpful in many ways and that made a huge impact on my already positive impression of this place . i hope to be back soon !
2			request	amazing	she	amazing			for your waxing needs request for cassandra she is amazing ! painless , quick , and thorough .
2			date	valid	sandwich	terrible	chocolate	hot	donuts	terrible	chocolate	bad no			the breakfast sandwich is terrible , the donuts are terrible , the hot chocolate is not bad . i came back a 2nd time because i had a coupon . still terrible and they would not accept the coupon . yes location was listed , expiration date valid , manager present , refused .
2			sunglasses	nice	care	good	part	best	ones	right	staff	amazing			my experience with dr payne and staff was amazing . not only did they take such good care of me they took care of my entire family . i recently went back in to buy my first pair of nice fashionable sunglasses and they not only helped me find just the right ones for my face , they treated me like a celebrity . and the best part is they gave me such a smoking deal . i would never go anywhere else .
2			bar	basic	it	bad no	service	awful	rating	low	burger	amazing			i hate to give this bar and grill such a low rating , but the past few times i have been there , the service has been awful . my now ex girlfriend and i stood for 15 minutes waiting for the waitress to come and seat us . this would not have been such a problem had it not been 10 pm and there were only 2 tables with people at them . as far as food goes , it ' s not bad . basic bar food , minus the pepper jack burger which is amazing . i will probably not be coming back to this location .
2			he	worried	food	good	staff	incompetent	location	new	looked	confused	food	bad no	looked	lost	pizza	large	it	worth	issues	bad no			after my first experience here , the food was good , but the service ditzy . does anyone who works here know what they ' re doing ? i figured they ' d just transitioned to the new downtown location and needed to work out some kinks . the issues weren ' t bad enough that i wouldn ' t come back , so i decided to give them a second chance . second chance , we called in an order to go . just a large pepperoni pizza , nothing too difficult . the girl on the phone sounded super confused like she didn ' t know what was going on and my husband even commented that he was worried we ' d get there and there would be a problem with the order . so we get there , i tell them i called in and order , and the 5 people working there all look around at each other and say , i didn ' t take an order . after telling them , someone answered the phone because i placed an order a girl comes out of the back and said she as the one who took the order . she handed us the pizza and didn ' t say anything . i had to ask what we owed . she looked lost and confused like she was on pills . the rest of the staff then tried to overcompensate by being phony friendly , which i wasn ' t going to buy since one of the girls was on her cell phone texting and wouldn ' t look at us . overall , the food isn ' t bad , but i ' m not sure it ' s worth dealing with the incompetent staff . i may give them one final chance before writing them off altogether .
2			food	great	waitress	educated	she	rude	food	delicious	i	sorry	i	upset	wings	dry	waitress	amazing	place	great	she	helpful no	place	amazing			we are on vegas for a dj tour . yesterday we discovered this amazing place ! ! the food is delicious ! yesterday judy actually walked outside & told us the food was great and to try it out . we came in not knowing who she was . it wasn ' t till later that the waitress told us who she was . by the way our waitress was amazing . her & judy are the reason we came back . today however i ' m extremely upset . my appetite went away . our waitress toni , i asked her name so i ' m hoping she didn ' t lie . she was extremely rude & not helpful . the $ 50 of food we ordered came , we asked for sides of ranch & bbq and she charges us , we were not charged yesterday . i asked why the wings are dry and she had the nerve to say i didn ' t cook it really ? so i asked if you can ' t ask the cook i definitely don ' t mind asking she rolled her eyes and asked of extra sides were okay . i ' m sorry but i thought i was paying for food & service ? i ' m never coming here again & better believe this waitress got no tip . we took all our food to go . sad that i didn ' t have time to leave a review yesterday . and upset that this poorly educated waitress ruined my experience at radio city pizza . sorry jodi . place is great . food is delicious . however customer service can make or break an experience . toni should be behind a cash register or washing dishes not ruining people ' s lunch with her attitude .
2			tacos	awesome			the carne asada tacos are awesome ! i plan to be back to check out more menu items . i love the fact the hobe meats counter is located inside the restaurant . i will need to pick up some to go items the next time i have time to cook .
2			food	great	giardinaire	hot	salad	chopped	prices	great	food	wonderful	i	lucky	salads	amazing	cake	best	place	real	employees	awesome			portillos what took you so long ? ? ? great food , great prices ! my experience in the valley has been if a restaurant says it is chicago style it never comes close to what you can actually get in chicago . we finally have a real chicago place an original . and nothing has been lost in translation ! i was lucky enough to be there for the test runs , and couldn ' t resist battling the crowds when they opened yesterday . their employees are awesome , the food was wonderful ! they bake their own bread and cakes on site . tip in a hurry ? ? ? ? check out their drive thru if you can ' t wait long my chopped salad only took 10 minutes to pick up . favorites italian beef with hot giardinaire , burgers , chicken sandwiches , amazing salads and best chocolate cake ever !
2			rings	amazing	dog	amazing	any	recommend	tenders	amazing			the chicago dog , onion rings and chicken tenders are amazing ! ! i would recommend any of those to everyone ! the only thing i don ' t like from there is the chili dog but other than that love portillos ! oh and the shakes are great too !
1			service	professional	service	great	experiences	bad			i ' ve had my garage door serviced last year by dreikosen garage door and although i did not have any bad experiences , they did not repair the garage quite well . hence , i called travis from hns garage . he fixed the garage on the day i ' ve called and took the time to do extra work and services . very professional and great service . i would definitely use hns for a garage repair again , not dreikosens .
1			mexican	oily	quality	low	mexican	subpar	cramps	worst			wasn ' t too impressed first time around , thought i ' d give it a second chance . i ' m writing this review from my toilet , i know not too classy , oh well , trying to get the message across . i ate dinner there just about an hour ago , five minutes ago i was doubled over with the worst stomach cramps that i can remember . the food was subpar , oily , low quality mexican , yuck . i will never go back ! eat there at your own risk !
1			barber	friendly no	staff	ample	way	professional	visit	prior	i	horrible			i went on a sunday afternoon with my son so we could both get our hair cut . there was one barber that was just finishing up her last client . we waited about 15 minutes and were never acknowledged by the barber . right when her last patron was finished ? she called my son up . right then , another person came in and she said she told him he was next and that she would hurry with my son . she never told me she had an appointment coming in and wasted both of our time . this was the second time in the last month that we tried this barber . the prior visit , there was two ladies cutting hair , we were next to go and right before we were called up , two people with appointments showed up . at no time were we told their was a wait either occasion or that they had appointments next . this is a barber as advertised , not a beauty salon . barbers historically are walk in . this is not a friendly barber as the name indicates . the service and communication at this shop i horrible . don ' t waste your time . go across the street to mr . d ' s or down the street to anthem barbers near smiths . way more professional and always have ample staff to cut hair .
1			it	good no	it	salty	experience	disappointing	staff	excellent	chef	sick	chef	regular	mouth	delicious no	it	bad			well , my love affair has sadly ended . sorry for the delay on this update . we went back about a month ago , and just had such a disappointing experience . the wait staff , as always , was excellent so i ' ll still rave about that . but the food ? it just wasn ' t as mouth wateringly delicious as it was before . and to be truthful , it was actually not good . not good at all . i ordered my pork ragout again i had seriously had dreams about this dish since our last visit . it was very salty . like , horribly salty . my wife ordered the beef shoulder everyone raved about and couldn ' t even eat one bite without gagging . not sure if the regular chef was out sick , or what the heck happened . but it was bad enough , that i don ' t think we ' ll be returning . sorry salty sow but we ' re better off as friends .
1			food.clean	great	service	bad			great food . clean place . but bad customer service .
1			bowl	super	reviews	great	place	recommend no	service	worst	enemy	worst	po	worst			a group of us went here for super bowl and reserved the place before we came out there from the bay area and one of my friends flew 16hours over seas and was treated horriably ! we reserved it weeks prior and chose the rockhouse because of the great reviews it got from other friends of ours ! never in my life have i seen so much unprofessionalism from an establishment . we were seated in the worst location po we asked to see the contract and a seating chart and we got yelled at and got kicked out , by far the worst service i have seen in years ! ! i wouldn ' t recommend this place to my worst enemy ! !
2			i	glad	she	amazing			absolutely luv this place ! tina is my go to manicurist & she ' s amazing ! never have i bleed from her doing my nails , always friendly & we talk the entire time ! lol i ' m glad i found this place ! !
2			food	delicious	apple	organic	juice	great	breakfast	big	food	quick	egg	best	staff	friendly	place	amazing			this place is amazing . the food is delicious and quick worth the wait all though they said about 1 2 an hour we got seated in 20 mins the staff is super friendly even though it ' s really slammed . i got the five spot best egg sandwich i have had in a long time the organic apple juice is great as well as the strawberry honey lemonade . come down to matts big breakfast :
1			food	great	it	amazing	seating	open	it	good	we	confused	it	bad			i bet the food is great . it ' s too bad we didn ' t get to that point . my friend an i arrived a few minutes before meeting our other friend so we sat at the bar because we were kinda in a hurry . we saved her a seat and expected her any minute . now , as far as i ' ve ever been told about dining customs , is that the bar , whether it be one that actually serves booze or what , is open seating and can ' t be reserved and the host can ' t make you give it up . two other girls walked in and wanted a booth but the host told them to sit at the bar instead . we told the girls we were saving this one seat for our friend and the host came over and rudely said , you are not saving this seat ! as our friend walks in . the other girls were like hey , it ' s all good , we wanted a booth anyways and he made us sit here . rude as fffffffff . we were confused . but hey , jobot is just a block away and i suggest you try their chorizo biscuits and gravy because it ' s amazing .
2			atmosphere	dull	minutes	full	kitchen	slow	experience	terrible	service	slow	practice	standard	kick	real	service	terrible	it	mediocre	food	raw	atmosphere	boring	customers	many no	%	mandatory	neighborhood	best no	friends	gay	friends	happy no	wait	bad no			went to a co workers going away dinner . food took a very long time to arrive . glasses sat empty , wasn ' t many customers couldn ' t understand why service was so slow . mandatory 18 % is a real kick in the junk when the service is terrible . the wait wouldn ' t be so bad but the atmosphere is dull and boring . finally got our food a full 65 minutes after ordering . there were only 3 tables of customers . certainly not enough to justify a slow kitchen . the cooked food came out cold , the raw food for those that wanted to grill at the table came out the same time as the cooked food , so they spent even more time waiting . overall a pretty terrible experience waiting . the staff made no effort to apologize for the wait implying its standard practice . i had the yakisoba ; it was mediocre at best . i ' ve been to korea , this isn ' t nearly as good . at the end when i paid it felt like an injustice was being done . restaurant also wasn ' t in the best neighborhood . my feisty gay friends were very unhappy pictured it took 20 minutes to get our check and we were the only customers
2			system	sound	vic	awesome			vic is awesome . i have used him to set up my home 7 . 1 surround sound system and car audio . always on time , very dependable and easy to get a hold of through phone or email . highly recommended .
2			naan	fresh	buffet	comparable	naan	beautiful	one	good	food	love	selection	wonderful	chicken	amazing			omg yummy . my husband and i love indian food but have been hard pressed to find a good one in our area . or search is over ! fusion has a wonderful selection of curries and beautiful fresh naan . the tandoori chicken is amazing . inexpensive too . almost half the price of comparable indian buffet . truly amazing !
1			flavor	distinct	experience	horrible	place	tacky	fingers	dirty	place	bad			this place is pretty bad got a honeydew boba that took forever to get . the boba balls tasted like dirty fingers or dishrags , maybe a combo of the two . the drink tasted like over milked sugar . no distinct flavor . horrible experience . will not be returning this tacky place . waste of money . if i could give zero stars i would .
2			bill	enormous	jakes	amazing			i would give a 5 star for service for the staff that associated with us the night that we were there only . i give a 2 3 star for prices . by the time you eat and do anything there with your family kids , your bill is enormous . i would have paid less had i gone to amazing jakes which is larger and has the all you can eat buffet . i give a 1 star for the sales manager amy and her customer service skills lack thereof and for not helping in any way to keep the reputation of flipside and its staff to be as flawless as it was the night that i visited with my children and their friends . and since she was my final impression , one start it is !
1			roll	wrong	everything	pricey	looked	shocked	%	whopping	it	pricey	experience	horrendous	entr	wrong	stomach	empty	experience	excellent	taste	bad			a horrendous experience i need to begin by saying that i have been to nobu restaurants in over eight locations worldwide . i was at his first usa restaurant in nyc shortly after it opened . i have always had an excellent experience until i dined at nobu in caesar ' s with two co workers . yes , it is pricey everything on the vegas strip is pricey and price was not the issue . not being served your entr u00e9e was the issue . i sat patiently while everyone was eating their food there was a gap of about 15 to 20 minutes between when the first person ' s entr u00e9e was served to when the second person received theirs . so , we all assumed my entree would arrive in the same time frame . so , i sat there waiting . our server was nowhere to be found . finally , when everyone else had finished their meals our server finally showed up and i inquire about my food status . she looked shocked and said that it might take a bit longer . in the meantime she offered me a sushi roll promising me that it would take 5 minutes to arrive 20 minutes later the wrong roll arrives . i ate it anyway . 20 minutes after that an entr u00e9e was delivered to my table the wrong entr u00e9e . 15 minutes later , my entr u00e9e does arrive . cold . no apology from the server . however , she did make a point of telling us that the entr u00e9e was removed from the bill . the manager was called over , who again did not apologize and truly he did not care that i was leaving his restaurant without eating but did volunteer to take a whopping 20 % off the bill . therefore , we all left nobu with a bad taste in our mouths and me with an empty stomach .
2			theater	best	seats	huge	staff	amazing			best theater in vegas , just have to sneak in ur four loco ' s lol they have the huge seats that you might not want to leave and the staff is amazing
2			service	great	arrangement	great	florist	awesome			great customer service . great flower arrangement over all a++++++ i am telling everyone about them . awesome florist
1			vermicelli	love	things	shitty	things	good	tasted	bad			i love vermicelli but there was too much going on in their menu . i got some spring rolls and the peanut sauce was really watered down and the fried spring rolls in my vermicelli tasted bad . my wife got a turkey sandwich and they put no mayo or cheese or flavor for that matter . they should probably cut down on their menu and focus on making a couple of things really good instead of making allot of things really shitty .
1			bowl	sweet	bowl	sour	chicken	dry	idea	bad			decided to have something different in the area bad idea ! i got the sweet and sour bowl for lunch . the chicken was dry , the vegetables were blanched with no seasoning no flavor whatsoever , sauce had no flavor , the pineapples had no flavor or juice in them , thanks goodness for the rice otherwise i wouldn ' t have had lunch . never going back !
1			hotel	absurd	i	bad			oh dear , lesson learned . i booked a special at the hardrock fro $ 41 a night for 3 nights . well , we weren ' t allowed to check in until 5 : 30 . yea , 5 : 30 . so to make up for it , we were bumped up to a poolside room instead of mountain view . well , my bill ended up being $ 324 ! ! ! ! ! i may be bad at math . but not that bad . $ 41 a night does not equal $ 300+ ! ! ! ! not only did they charge us for the upgrade , but apparently the soap , shampoo and conditioner are for sale . not complimentary like every other hotel . even motel5 ! ! ! ! yes , $ 50 mini bar charge for soap and shampoo ! ! ! i will not be back at the hardrock unless someone else is paying and dealing with this absurd hotel ! should have learned my lesson last time .
2			food	delicious	husband	pleased	restaurant	great	service	friendly	expectations	high	space	nice	chunks	big	place	great	restaurant	new	smelled	delicious	food	reasonable	chunks	amazing			great new mexican restaurant in phoenix ! i had high expectations since i also enjoyed gallo blanco . nice space , friendly service and delicious and reasonable food ! i tried the al pastor and the shrimp tacos with a side of rice super tasty . my husband and friend tried the paella and were very pleased it looked and smelled delicious . my husband started with the chicken soup and it was amazing too big chunks of chicken and noodles . definitely check out this great place !
2			food	great	salad	delicious	atmosphere	relaxed	atmosphere	good	i	excited	everything	amazing	guacamole	amazing			great food so flavorful and fresh . the atmosphere was relaxed and service good . i really enjoyed everything and the guacamole was amazing . the inca salad was delicious so fresh ! i am excited to return for happy hour .
2			marinade	good	food	delicious	place	love	service	amazing			love this place ! all my buddies from vivas work there ! the service is amazing and the food is delicious cooked just right and the marinade is sooo good ! two thumbs up ! ! ! always a great experience :
2			place	great	pretzels	amazing			stopped in with a group to sample the beers that were on tap . all of the beers were good and the one that stood out most was the cosmik ipa . we also enjoyed amazing pretzels with mustard and whip cream . great place for a craft beer and some grub !
2			bar	newest	bullshit	pretentious	seems	awesome			nope . nope . nope . nope . it was rabbi andrew michael doohan iii ' s birthday celebration , and i was unable to get in the front door . working at the loudest and the newest bar in scottsdale does not make you a god , gorilla juice head bouncer . i stood in line for 15 minutes at the front of the line , while i watched 30 people grease the bouncer and walk right in . not having any cash in my pocket meant that i was shit out of luck . so i walked away . the decor of the place seems awesome , but i ' m not going to put up with that pretentious bullshit .
2			atmosphere	love	bartenders	friendly	stop	quick	restaurant	usual no	bartenders	attentive	air	open	tacos	amazing			the skinny the street tacos are amazing and the bartenders are very friendly and attentive . great happy hour for a quick stop in the afternoon ! love love love the atmosphere . open air . not your usual mexican restaurant . tequila with a twist ! we enjoy the experience and will always come back .
2			clubs	top	it	expensive	mood	good	line	long	ambiance	great	one	awesome	place	amazing			i went here opening night with a friend of mine . the line was very long , but i didn ' t wait in it because i somehow convinced my friend to hold my spot while i gambled . deadmau5 was playing and we got in right as he went on . the entire place is amazing , definitely one of the top clubs in lv , and maybe the world . it had a great ambiance and just put you in a good mood . it is expensive , though . cover was $ 75 ea , and drinks were about $ 13 ea . if you ' re looking for an awesome one of a kind experience , check this place out but have a couple drinks beforehand so you don ' t go broke .
1			people	many	experiences	frustrating	club	worst			this club is the worst club we have ever been to . my sister got her phone stolen and the security and bouncers here seriously have no idea what is going on . nobody knows where security is , nobody knows where lost and found is . this was one of the most frustrating experiences ever . i heard many people have lost or have had their phones stolen here before and now my sister has experienced this herself . do not go here unless you want your stuff stolen .
1			event	crowded	workers	professional no	tickets	many	it	big	thing	organized no	workers	rude	dude	poor	he	bad			1 . unorganized 2 . workers are rude and unprofessional 3 . too crowded when i first arrived , the whole thing was totally unorganized ! there were so many guest list tickets given out which made the event overly crowded . the guy who checked my id also didn ' t believe the photo was me and had to ask someone else . when the other guy approved immediately , i turned around and saw he did it to several other girls as well c ' mon , are you trying to check them out or give them a hard time on purpose ? poor work ethic dude . either that or he ' s just really bad at his job . after getting into the venue , i admit it ' s pretty big due to the different floors one star to that , but you won ' t fully enjoy it if you can ' t even access to the dance floor because of how crowded it is . unless you have bottle service , think twice about coming here !
2			venue	huge	club	best	presentation	cool	club	love	dj	awesome	it	cold	attendants	nice	waitresses	nice	waitresses	attentive	attendants	helpful	venue	pretty	line	bad no			i love this club , best club in vegas by far ! we got a table for my friend ' s birthday party . the waitresses came out with the bottles , lights , happy birthday sign , and confetti . very cool presentation ! the waitresses at our table were really attentive , nice , and hott ! the bathroom line wasn ' t that bad and the bathroom attendants were so nice and helpful . we partied all night long and the dj was awesome ! the venue was so pretty and huge ! the only complaint i have is that it ' s very cold when you first walk in . i recommend getting a table if you go .
2			experience	believable no	haircut	best	he	amazing			unbelievable experience ! just moved here from chicago and my mom is a hair stylist . i ' ve always been very wary of getting my hair cut as i never had to pay for it . i was done up by radi and he was absolutely amazing ! attention to detail and precision were second to none . best haircut in my life !
1			kitchen	closed	service	bad			try to go yesterday , arrived around 9 : 15 pm and the closing time is at 10 : 00 pm and told me the kitchen was already half closed and couldn ' t help me . i could understand that happening at 9 : 45 pm but not at 9 : 15 ! maybe all the reviews for bad service it is for a reason !
2			wings	incredible	ours	spicy	they	amazing	burger	medium	sauce	sweet	prices	friendly	calamari	prepared	review	long	burger	rare	they	enthusiastic	ours	careful	burger	best	they	familiar	nom	good	place	awesome	course	main	recommendations	great	staff	amazing			this place is just awesome , period ! my girlfriend and i went at 7pm on a friday night and sat outside on their patio . we immediately noticed was how attentive and knowledgable the wait staff were . i say ' staff ' because although we really had one waiter , people were stopping by constantly to see how we were , and if we needed anything . they were beyond familiar with the menu and they talked to us about the food as if they were each aspiring chefs owners of their own gourmet burger joints . they were enthusiastic about the food and made great recommendations . we started out with the nom nom calamari , which despite being kinda run of the mill squid , is prepared in such a way that they blow your socks off ! between the prepeation and sweet thai chili sauce , they ' re amazing ! ours were very spicy , so be careful if that isn ' t your thing . we also had a half dozen bonzai wings . these wings were incredible ! and with appetizers around $ 5 or $ 6 dollars each , you should just get a few for the table . the more the merrier ! ! when it came time for the main course , i had the black & blue burger medium rare with shimp chips , and my girfriend had the nom nom burger well done with french fries . i wasn ' t in love with the shrimp chips . but , i suspect that i blasted my taste buds on the double appetizer . the burgers were each cooked precisely how we requested them , and when i say that mine was just about the best burger i ' ve had in charlotte , i mean it . you simply can ' t write a review that describes how flavorful it was , so , i won ' t . when we were done , the ower came out to greet us and thank us for coming . i was so blown away i kept thanking him . so , between the bangin ' food , amazing staff , and amazingly friendly prices , i recomment you go to this place immediately ! i know this is a long review , so i ' ll end it with this : i often pass by the liberty restraunt on south blvd which has the sign that reads , ' charlotte ' s best burger . ' when i see that , i have to wonder if they ' ve ever been to nom nom . keep up the good work nom nom !
2			they	quick	orders	basic	service	good	noodles	amazing			this place is literally 50 feet from where i work . the noodles i ordered were amazing . they were quick to prepare the meal for take out too . you earned a customer , i ' ll be back for lunch next time ! service was good too , they offered me water while i waited for my food , even as a take out order . basic orders cost 8 $ , add a few toppings and it can easily add up to 11 $
2			it	great	ambiance	cool	flower	unique	chandeliers	enjoyable	viewing	casual	bartenders	attentive	pizza	delicious	experience	wonderful	experience	romantic	flower	live	drinks	awesome			we went here for a kentucky derby party and had a wonderful experience ! the bartenders were attentive and made awesome drinks mint julips and jack coke . we ordered a margherita pizza which came out quickly and was delicious . the owner gladly brought me an extra side of marinara which the pizza didn ' t need , i just wanted more ! ! that was larger than any side i could have ever expected ; very much appreciated ! ! : the ambiance was very cool , each vase on each table had a unique live flower in it , and the chandeliers were very artsy and enjoyable to view . we will def . be back for a more romantic dinner experience than just a casual lunch horse racing viewing . it was great !
1			experience	pleasant	service	horrible			recently went to park on fremont on sunday night and sat outside in the back , to get a drink and to grab some food as well . while we were there we were never approached by a waiter outside and eventually had to flag one down since me and my friend weren ' t noticed . we attempted to order our food with the busser and he said he would tell the waitress helping the tables . we waited and waited after 30 minutes we had to flag her down and she asked for our order again . we sat there for an hour waiting for our food and it never came . we eventually just left because the service was horrible and it was a pleasant experience at all .
1			looks	scary	it	sticky	food	tasting	it	disgusting	shrimps	tasteless	service	horrible	kids	young	place	dirty	it	good no	it	greasy	food	terrible	we	glad	it	small	it	necessary	looks	dirty	rice	regular no	it	mushy	we	ready	roll	regular	food	certain	food	worst			first off , i never write reviews , but it was necessary for this place . if i could , i would have gave no stars ! my husband got a groupon and thought we would try another chinese place . you walk in and wonder if this place is a chinese restaurant or a bar ? it ' s a bar that serves terrible chinese food . i completely agree with tom m . it was the worst tasting chinese food ever ! the place is dirty and toilets don ' t flush . they tell you to seat yourself when you walk in . the waitress seemed like she was on drugs . we would ask about certain food and she didn ' t know what to say about it . there were 4 kids about 10 12 years old playing with the pool table and throwing darts and hitting everything but the dart board . the employees nor the parents cared that the kids were running around screaming and being obnoxious . now for the food , the only thing worth eating was the war wonton soup . however , there was only three tasteless shrimps in two bowls of soup and we paid $ 10 . 00 for it . we got one order of mongolian chicken . we usually get two when we go anywhere else , but since it was our first time there we decided to check it out first . we were so glad we did . it was so disgusting and where was the chicken ? we got a heaping plate of onions and green chives . i had two bites and i was done . my husband looked for the chicken and ate the few pieces he found . i ordered two vegetarian egg spring rolls . it was greasy and mushy on the inside . i had one bite and that was it . there was no filler like you would find in a regular egg roll . oh , and the white rice . how can you go wrong with that ? ? ? ? well , it was not like regular white rice . it was very small and sticky . i had maybe 5 bites . if you want soy sauce you can find the to go packets . there is no bottle of soy sauce . we stuck with water , so that was safe i think . when we were ready to go , i had to find the waitress . she forgot to take the groupon off the bill , so we had to wait for that too . we left hungry , disappointed , and with a stomachache . it ' s also not good if you have acid reflux . so , if you want to go to a bar that looks scary and dirty , serves the worst chinese food ever , gives you a stomachache , has horrible service and allows young kids to run around throwing darts and screaming , then this is the place to go ! what a waste of time and money . you couldn ' t pay me enough to go back there ever ! we are sticking with flo ' s ! ! !
2			food	real	sauce	flavorful	family	great	ingredients	real	pho	awesome			amazing ! this is the real asian food : absolutely delicious in my opinion . great family owned and run restaurant . the orange chicken is like nothing else around , sauce is so flavorful and made from real ingredients . pho is awesome , hong kong won ton soup is a must try as well .
1			experience	worst			worst experience ever ! ! ! ! ! too expensive for what u get they have ppl that dont even know what their doing don ' t recomment this place to anyone .
2			dishes	amazing			i wish i could give this place 10 stars ! you just can ' t find food like this in las vegas ! i ' ve lived in vegas for 12 years now and when i found this jewel , i just can ' t stop coming back ! the rice balls are out of this world ! penne vodka , bolognese , fettucini carbonara all the amazing dishes i miss from back home in nj . the only downside is that i know i ' ve gained a few pounds since i started coming because i just can ' t resist those rice balls ! :
1			lines	long	service	horrible			horrible customer service . lines were so long and only 2 people working the registers .
2			staff	awesome	trainers	awesome			the staff and trainers are awesome ! my wife and i joined just recently and together and it ' s been great ! the classes and workout without question , kicks your hide ! i ' m hoping they add an earlier class in the fall at 4 : 30am or 5 : 00am for the early risers . so worth every minute and penny . you get out of it , what you put into it .
2			tom	amazing			tom was amazing . worth every penny of my $ 20 hrs + $ 10 tip . i went in with a aching head , neck , back , legs and foot . after an hour with tom , i come out feeling relaxed without any ache and pain .
2			experience	amazing	look	beautiful	we	amazing	ladies	amazing			what an amazing experience . it was a wedding party event . the ladies we ' re just amazing . we all look so beautiful . they honestly made me look 10 years younger .
1			boba	complete	service	slow	wrap	plastic	bowl	dirty	piece	large	boba	clear	boba	gritty	horrible	horrible			horrible , horrible , horrible . first , the service was incredibly slow . there were two tables and two servers , yet we waited many times throughout the meal . water refills took 12 minutes ! i ordered a boba drink and got mysterious clear and gritty boba , complete with a large piece of plastic wrap , yes plastic wrap . the table behind us the only other table sent back their rice , as it was served in a dirty bowl . the food was less than flavorful . we will never be back . do yourself a favor and avoid this place .
2			atmosphere	love	atmosphere	comfortable	tequila	top	atmosphere	friendly	experience	great	attention	amazing			we had a great experience here ! loved the food & top notch tequila , friendly & comfortable atmosphere . there attention to detail is amazing ! try the sea bass tacos ! !
2			food	tasty	food	delicious	notch	top	board	amazing			we came here for my birthday and had a fantastic time . the service was top notch and the food was delicious . we had a bacon board which was amazing . there were five of us and we were able to try several menu items . we had pulled pork , turkey , and prime rib along with our appetizer . the food was really delicious and tasty . we will definitely be back .
2			trainers	private	facility	huge	it	love	gym	best	camp	best	trainers	awesome			best gym in vegas ! bodysport has the best indoor boot camp . huge facility with awesome trainers . lots of private trainers bring their clients to bodysport too . the revolution circuit training classes are my favorite . working out with these guys is always fun and challenging . i highly recommend training , taking a class or just coming here to get your workout on . they have a kids room hangout too i have been working out there since january and absolutely love it . no more lvac for me
1			entrees	mediocre	salsa	bottomless	move	smart	chips	tasty	they	overpriced	today	special	place	nice no	chips	bottomless	toddler	old	impression	friendly	maintenance	high	thing	best	taste	bad	drink	reasonable	folks	special no	corn	traditional	selection	good	beer	priced	chips	light	lettuce	shredded	them	successful	it	delicious	taco	good	it	bad			my wife and i came here on a friday night with our 15 month old toddler . probably won ' t be coming back , unless they make some changes . first impression : host and hostess were friendly , seated us right away , got us a highchair immediately , and asked if we needed anything for our child . off to a good start we were seen immediately by the waitress taylor i think and another girl she was training . both were nice , friendly , and full of smiles . taylor tells us their special today is a $ 4 kona longboard draft . thinking i missheard i asked her to repeat that . nope , their beer special is a $ 4 draft . that ' s not a special folks , that ' s just a normal priced beer . on the plus side , however , they had a pretty good beer selection , though with no prices on the menu i think they failed themselves there . it ' s not a nice enough place for a no price drink menu . the chips and salsa cost $ 3 . 75 which is $ 3 . 75 more than every other taco place i ' ve been to in my life , but we ordered them anyway because they came with bottomless chips and our choice of 2 salsas from a list of 4 or 5 . the chips were light and actually pretty tasty , with no complaints about either of the salsas . that is until we ordered a refill of our bottomless chips , and were told the chips were bottomless but not the salsa . ummm , ok maybe you should have said that upfront . 75cents for each extra salsa . we felt tricked , which instantly put a bad taste in our mouth , even before the mediocre entrees did the same . before we even ordered our entrees , we felt they were $ 3 $ 5 overpriced . for example , $ 12 for 2 corn tacos , $ 15 for 3 though it does come with a side . for carb watchers , they offer lettuce wrap as a taco option , which we felt was a smart move , along with traditional corn or flour . i got the corn , my wife got the lettuce wrap . unfortunately , both were so poorly put together that we had to eat our tacos with forks . shout out to the service , they fulfilled our high maintenance order of 2 different 2 taco entree choices , each with 1 lettuce wrap and 1 corn wrap so we could split them . it ' s too bad neither taco was very good we got the carne asada and tacos el pastor . for sides , my wife got the mexican street corn , which was by far the best thing we ordered . get this side . it ' s delicious . i could have skipped the entrees and the salsa and just gotten like 5 of these and been happy . i got the jicama radish slaw , which tasted like undressed shredded lettuce and carrots . i saw neither jicama nor radish . do not get this side . here ' s what we would tell the management if they had a contact us option on their website : 1 reduce entree prices by at least $ 3 2 always offer a reasonable drink special , even on friday nights . 3 if you offer bottomless chips and charge for them , also offer bottomless salsa . otherwise your patrons will feel ripped off and that feeling will not go away . bottom line : we probably won ' t go back anytime soon , but if they ' re still around in 6 months we ' ll check the menu to see if they ' ve changed anything and potentially give it another try at that time . we live nearby and would love to see them be successful , they just need a lot of work and hopefully are reading reviews , taking advice , and adapting accordingly .
2			wings	hot	you	glad	wings	amazing			karaoke on saturdays is awesome . the hot wings are amazing just order 24 you ' ll be glad you did .
1			space	amazing	it	open	food	good	hustle	big	party	private	tacos	soft	church	former	tv	big	hustle	polite	use	bad			went there with some friends nov 16th because their facebook said it was open . we didn ' t seeing the big private party open nov 18th outside . got the big ' no service ' polite hustle out even after pulling up the facebook page and showing the owner the green open on fb . very sloppy planning ! ! owner reluctantly gave us a $ 5 chip after that . i gave it to one of my friends that night and i live 2 blocks away . i remember when this was a korean methodist church . decor : cheap looking ' christopher columbus ' italian border on the former church ' s inside . big plasma tv sets by bar . bad use of such a amazing space ! food : friend noticed only soft tacos on menu , no hard . my espn says the goal of this is makin $ not good food .
2			nail	creative	design	shaped	i	picky	sasha	amazing	nail	amazing			i ' m superrrr picky about getting my nails done but sasha is absolutely amazing ! ! i left with my nails perfectly shaped and the cutest design ever ! had the gel on for over two weeks and it didn ' t chip once ! ! she is such an amazing and creative nail artist ! highly recommended ! !
2			choice	great	they	good	grain	healthy	tokyo	recommend	food	healthy	portions	huge no	they	bad no			when you ' re in the mood for delightfully healthy , wholesome , simple food , this place is a great choice . the eat section if the menu allows you to combine a healthy grain , protein , veggies , dairy and sauce in an incredibly health combination . they also have a menu full of combinations i highly recommend the tokyo . i haven ' t tried the juices , but my husband has and he says they ' re pretty good . the portions aren ' t huge , but they ' re not bad for $ 10 and we always leave there feeling full and happy .
2			smell	amazing	aroma	clean	side	right	atmosphere	welcoming	prices	good	it	crowded no	bar	pretty	parking	accessible	atmosphere	comfy	selection	amazing	lilies	fresh	couches	plush	drinks	exotic	bar	love	stuff	important	people	awesome			love this bar ! almost all of the ladies at the bar were raving about the amazing smell . some of the possible reasons that i can think of are : * as you enter the door there is a bronze bunny with a bouquet of fresh lilies abounding . * the bartender informed us that she burns incense . * i can ' t explain the clean woodsy aroma , maybe the bar building materials . * non smoking , yay ! the atmosphere is welcoming and comfy with plush couches and seats lining the right side and a pretty wood bar along the left . the d u00e9cor is dark and full of character . the people are awesome and totally non douchey . now , to the important stuff the dranks ! they have an amazing craft beer selection , including the coveted joseph james german chocolate cake milk stout . prices are good ; beers are $ 6 9 and their exotic mixology drinks are around $ 8 . the location is just on the outskirts of downtown in a slightly seedier area , but that ' s ok . probably why it wasn ' t super crowded and how they manage to keep the jj gcms on draft so long . at khoury ' s they sell out of the jj gcms in a matter of hours whenever they tap that keg . there was plenty of easily accessible curbside parking .
2			feel	comfortable	client	new	deal	good	spa	recommend	amazon	local	appointment	intimate	spa	amazing			omg just left this place for a brazillian wax from a girl named olivia . 1st there was no where to park at all and i had to park across the street in the jersey mike parking lot . when i got in the receptionist was very nice nice and professional and said it would be about 15 min . i sat and i waited and she came out told her name and walked me to the room for the wax . i have had a wax about 2 times before with nola spa which was amazing but i thought since they had a good deal on amazon local i would give someone else a try . the wax room was similar to a gyno office room . all white , some what small and extremely bright . almost like there would be a spot light on you if you laid there . i found that to be discomforting , but i asssumed since i was a new client there would be some type of conversation or repor built between the waxer olivia and myself . she stated please disrobe and lay down , i said is there a towel and she said no . now being that i am used to going to nola , where it a spa like atmosphere , zen music playing , and the waxer made me feel very comfortable . this was not the same at nue . over all i normally do not write reviews but for such a intimate appointment for a service , i would not want any one else to experience this . i have a hight tolererance and do not embaress easy so for me to say this is saying a lot . if its your first time or if you want to feel comfortable you may want to reconsider this spot for a brazillian or bikini wax . i would def recommend nola spa , google it .
2			flavors	rich	ground	spicy	food	amazing			my wife picked up a to go order of cab rangoon , sesame chicken , and spicy ground beef noodles my fav ! . omg ! ! ! my food was amazing , even though it had been sitting at home for well over 2 hours before i got to it . the flavors were rich and bursting with flavor . i drenched my meal with nam pla prik . wow was it delicious ! ! ! highly recommended !
2			food	gross	i	surprised	this	love	pass	regular	seems	dirty	fries	ok	place	fun	service	horrible	clerk	rude	city	hot	they	fresh	attitudes	careless	solution	easy	question	simple	tornado	new	friend	free	passes	affordable	moneys	worth	prices	reasonable	items	many	bummer	free	pizza	ok	wnw	new	tornado	awesome			wnw is a pretty fun place . my family and i have season passes now and we had them last year . some improvements i have seen from last year to this year are : 1 . the lines are quicker , smoother , and shorter . we went on a friday from 2 to 7 pm and i was surprised at how little we had to wait in each line . while last year the lifeguards would stand and watch you struggle your tube out of the rides and to the next person yourself , this year they quickly take your tube from you and give it to the next person so you don ' t have to awesome ! love this . 2 . faster pacing overall by the lifeguards in moving the lines along . for example , on the ride with the blue mat next to canyon cliffs , they now have numbers that the next riders up stand on behind each slide , eliminating a step for when it ' s your turn . 3 . the new tornado is awesome ! ! ! ! 4 . i love that they have so many refillable food drink items . not only can you buy refillable drink bottles still , but you can now buy refillable ice cream dishes and icee cups for pretty reasonable prices . complaints i have : 1 . lifeguards should wear watches or there should ve a clock we can see somewhere in the park . wierd how lifeguards on duty don ' t even know what time it is when you ask them . 2 . the gift shop floor gets wet obviously so it becomes slippery and i even almost slipped and fell on it before . although i did bring this up to a rude clerk as well as a manager last season , nothing has been done about it even to this day . a non slip mat you ' d think would be an easy solution . 3 . slow food lines . 4 . cold , gross food . the pizza is pretty okay though and the fries are okay if they ' re fresh . 5 . the water seems extra dirty seems like they could have better filters . 6 . last years gold and regular season passes both allowed you 6 free friend passes to bring a friend anytime you wanted . this year the gold pass only lets you bring a friend for free once a month and the regular pass allows you to bring a friend once a month for a fee of $ 15 . . bummer . i loved last years friend benefits way more . nonetheless , the seasin passes are pretty affordable since you gets your moneys worth with just two visits . i just wish our friends could come with us more . 7 . the customer service was horrible last year and it has only improved slightly . many of the lifeguards seem to have careless teenager attitudes most of the time even when you just ask them a simple question . 8 . this new wnw just doesn ' t serm as big and excellent as the one we had here in las vegas when i was a kid could be because everything seems bigger and better when you ' re a kid not sure . even though i do have a few complaints and wnw still has some room for improvement , i am still happy to have it back to give kids something to do in this very hot city . they really should have never taken it away .
2			patio	great	breweries	cool	breweries	limited	tacos	amazing			amazing gourmet tacos at non gourmet price . great patio and service . beer selection limited but cool breweries . definitely coming back .
2			kudos	direct	it	nice	food	great	it	busy	service	awesome	food	yummy	talk	small	they	great	line	long	people	great	shift	full	girl	nice	employees	awesome			i came here one night after work to pick up food for dinner for me and my honey , i was a little off put because the line was so long but i desperately wanted cane ' s so i bit the bullet . so glad i came to this location ! i pulled to the first window and the girl and i had some small talk about our work days and that she had a few hours left but it was busy so it was going by fast . the second window girl was so bubbly and nice , & gave me extra ketchup when i asked without a fuss or fret . the customer service here is awesome ! i work in customer service so i know how hard it is to be nice and bubbly after working a full shift while your job is slammed and these employees are awesome . i might have just gotten lucky and got the great people but even so , they were great , i unfortunately cant remember their names to give them direct kudos . and the food was great . cane ' s food is always super yummy .
2			browns	crispy	manner	timely	manner	friendly	one	local	food	amazing	girlfriend	new	table	ready	browns	delicious	it	wonderful	service	incredible	staff	amazing			i first learned about snooze am eatery while on a business trip to denver . the food and staff was amazing , so i had to try the local one in phoenix . the place was packed which is a constant and there were already several people waiting outside . i took my new girlfriend with me and we were told it would be a 15 minute to1 hour wait . they took my phone number , so they could text me when our table was ready . we got the text about 50 minutes later and we sat at a shaded table outside . our service was incredible and we were fully taken care of and serviced in a timely and friendly manner throughout the whole experience . i ordered the omg french toast and it was wonderful as always i have had it a couple of times now . my girlfriend ordered the chile verde benny a woman after my heart ! which was also spectacular . even the house hash browns were firmly crispy on the outside and delicious . seriously , how could you go wrong with this place !
1			food	acceptable no	it	cold	felt	bad	plates	full	we	hungry	atmosphere	nice	it	dry	night	great	cake	giant	piece	small	menu	special	food	worst	food	bad			went to this place for valentine ' s day . nice atmosphere , thought it was going to be a great night , then everything went to hell . we were hungry for italian food and got trapped there by their special menu , meaning you paid $ 40 for a 4 course meal . the appetizer was bruchetta . you could pick from one with tomatoes on it , or one with cheese on it , that was it . i choked down what was a small piece of bread with a few tomatoes on it . next , we got a salad , which was basically some lettuce thrown onto a plate with no dressing on it . you got a choice of 4 appetizers , chicken , pork , shrimp ravoli , or steak . they informed us they were out of the steak and chicken . my wife got the ravioli , which was 5 ravioli stuffed with cheese . they took a small piece of shrimp and cut it into 3 pieces and threw it on the plate . her ' s was ice cold . they did prepare a chicken for me even though they were out of it . it was essentially the same amount of chicken in 2 chicken wings . it was cold and very , very dry . they threw some vegatables on it that weren ' t cooked and had been sitting out all day , so were dried out and hard . they topped it of with a giant scalloped potato cake that was probably from costco . was cold as well . we told the waiter that this food was unacceptable . he did apologize and felt bad , so i don ' t blame him at all . he said he would get us a piece of tiramasu , instead of the few desserts we were forced to get . the owner came over and said that we were one of the later tables , so that is the reason our food was bad . he gave us 10 % off our bill . i at about 10 % of my food , just to do something . we should have gotten 90 % off since we essentially were sending back full plates . this was the worst food i ' ve ever had . i would be embarrased if i owned this italian restaurant and allowed my chefs to put out this garbage . none of the food was italian whatsoever . no breadsticks , no pasta , nothing . the other reviews are lies . avoid this place .
1			mango	love	ice	shaved	this	recommend no	fruits	bitter	seats	limited	taste	bad			i tried kuma the first time and it tasted like plastic , i got the mango flavor with mango and condensed milk . i decided to give it another try since my friends were going there and i got the same thing since i love mango . it still taste really bad , it was really flakey and not what i expected . the taste was almost like shaved ice with no flavor . i wouldn ' t recommend this to anyone . the taste is really bad and the fruits were so bitter . the seats are very limited as well so you either have to eat in your car or stand up and eat .
2			flavor	amazing			went back and had it a second chance and ended up loving it . the nutella flavor was amazing ! glad i was able to reclaim my faith in kuma shave ice .
2			he	awesome	experience	awesome			awesome experience with the bartender ! he is awesome ! ! named joe ! i will always come back if he ' s working ! ! ! ! absolutely amazing customer service ! ! !
1			food	great	service	horrible			great food ! but not worth the horrible service ! took about 15 mins for drinks that included a dr pepper . the server said the bartender is working hard on my dr pepper ? ? asked for more chips and salsa 3 times . never got them . food came out fast though . will not go back .
1			meat	fatty	it	love	experience	bad			wow , what a bad experience . we ate here back in july and loved it . this time it was totally different . flies filled the restaurant , the taco meat was fatty and the salads were wilted . luckily the manager , daniel , dropped the bill , but they need to make some changes .
1			it	recommend no	service	horrible			horrible service ! overpriced and dirty ! i wouldn ' t go back to this place and don ' t recommend it to anyone !
1			place	clean	restaurant	recommend	customer	loyal	it	boring	ratio	standard	food	satisfactory	food	unique	way	best	potential	real	price	expensive	someone	curious	remembrance	good	bit	little	atmosphere	nice	hospitality	great	tastes	new	cuisines	various	what	love	people	aware	prices	fine	comments	bad			as someone who happens to be quite curious about new tastes and really unique quality food , i happen to try and enjoy the various cuisines rather than stuck up with what i loved i find it a little bit boring too no offense . anyways , there are five things i prioritize when i walk into a restaurant ; greeting , serving , remembrance of the food , price standard ratio and tidiness . i do care about them not in a comparative way but from the what their real potential is aspect . greeting : first and foremost , you are always welcomed with warmth and hospitality of the owners or whoever is upfront working at that time . i cannot guarantee on behalf of them that it will always happen but considering the fact that i ' ve been there more than 10 times and more to go it has been always like that . serving : sky is the limit for the service . restaurant business is carried by people and as long the intentions of the owner or employees are striving for the best , i ' m down for it . you can simply see that in owners or the waiters eyes that they just want to serve you in the best way possible . remembrance of the food : i happen to see some bad comments about the quality of the food . i don ' t say they are manipulating the truth but i have no doubt that owners would compensate it if those individuals would request a better plate . it is a human driven place and people might make mistakes unintentionally . based on my all visits , the food was just always a good remembrance of what i ' ve enjoyed in my hometown and i will be their loyal customer as long as i have that feeling . price standard ratio : although this is very relevant and subjective issue , my opinion is the prices are fine . yes , you can find some items a lot cheaper in somewhere else but that doesn ' t necessarily obliges the restaurant drops their prices . there are also other customers who keep buying from that expensive price so bear with it . tidiness : i think the place is clean and seems improving . i had the conversation with the owner and if he can realize what he is thinking about decoration , it might be one of a kind restaurants in chandler with a combination of satisfactory food , nice atmosphere and great hospitality . people who knows me already are also aware of that restaurant indirectly but for those who don ' t know me , i definitely recommend this restaurant .
2			pudding	amazing	dinner	amazing	they	awesome			seriously amazing dinner tonight for the wine club ! strawberry spinach salad , pheasant for dinner yummy & the most amazing bread pudding for dessert ! i can ' t drink tonight but everyone had a 100 point wine plus a $ 500 wine & $ 1000 wine & said they were awesome !
1			they	busy	he	rude	way	poor	you	busy	store	correct	salons	many	salon	wrong	ladies	young	place	great	service	little	experiences	bad			i have been to this place twice and both times had bad experiences . first time i went in as a walk in at 10am with my daughter . the man who helped us said they could not take us as they were pretty busy . totally understandable considering it was a saturday . but it was the way he treated us that was very poor . i get that you are too busy to take us but how about exercising a little customer service and helping us schedule a later time or next day . he was very rude and dismissive . it was kind of embarrassing considering there was people all around us . despite this we decided to try again the next day . i called and made an appt with the man who answered the phone . not sure if it was same guy . we made it for last appt of the day . when we arrived two young ladies greeted us but could not find our appt . again instead of trying to accommodate us they just said we didn ' t have an appt so they couldn ' t take us . then they said that we called the wrong salon . i tried to show them the number i called on my phone log but they refused to look at it . i checked it with the number on the store brochure and window and i had called the correct store . i told them this but no answer . again no one tried to reschedule or even apologize for the confusion . i have been to many nail salons in different states and have never been treated so bad . also this salon had one of the strongest product smells that i have ever experienced . i ' m thinkin it all worked out for the best . found a great place down the road .
1			service	bad			sitting in fun atmosphere but 20 min to make a shake is not a reason to come back . it ' s now 255 and i walked in at 230 for a muscle freak and there aren ' t a lot of people here . some people are getting their foods before me as they ordered after me . it ' s bad customer service : not coming back as quick as i thought i would .
1			pedicure	horrible	you	pleased no	service	like no	experience	horrible			i did not like their service at all . the guy sat me and my friend at the pedicure chairs and left us there for about 30 minutes . . we wanted to leave . then 10 minutes pass by and still no service being done . horrible . first pedicure and my experience was horrible . the guy was on his phone while attending me . . like seriously ? after he was done , he just left . okay thank you wasn ' t pleased .
2			ph	awesome	service	awesome			awesome ph u00f3 awesome service !
1			something	new	they	open	service	horrible			horrible service ! ! this place is all hype . on christmas eve , i called in advance and they confirmed they would be open till 4 . we arrived at 3 and they decided to close early and wouldn ' t serve us ! ! anyway , i wanted to try something new but i ' ll keep eating at patati patata .
2			deal	great	selections	good	patio	nice	burger	awesome			lots of beers available . several wines available as well . good selections of both beer and wine to choose from . burger and a beer for $ 10 every wed . after 4pm . the burger is awesome , one of the best around as of late . great deal . nice patio overlooking camelback mtn . live music on occasion .
2			prices	reasonable	burgers	great	location	great	phoenix	good	selection	awesome	?!?	famous	neighborhood	great	joint	amazing			awesome beer selection and great burgers . world famous ? ! ? well , that ' s a bit of a stretch . i think there are other burgers here in phoenix that are just as good . i ' m not saying i ' ve come across one that ' s much better , but definitely on the same level as this . that being said , if you ' re looking for an amazing burger joint , this is one of them . pair it up with the awesome beer selection and that ' s what makes this place a cut above the rest . it ' s a great location in a great neighborhood . prices are fairly reasonable but anytime you go above the $ 10 mark for a burger , it ' s a problem .
2			savory	little	evening	lovely	night	perfect	room	beautiful	it	prepared	town	old	meal	amazing			beautiful dining room hidden in old town scottsdale . we made a reservation and scored an outdoor table on a lovely may evening . it was the perfect night to sit outside and enjoy an amazing meal . my husband and i shared the grilled octopus to start fresh , flavorful and inventive . i tried the duck for my entree and it was perfectly prepared a little sweet with the cherry demi and a little savory with the mushrooms and kale . this place is a must stop on your culinary tour of the valley .
1			it	ridiculous	service	crappy	bar	bad	service	worst			we use to come to mcfaddens a lot , but had crappy service the last time we were there a couple of months ago . i was there tonight with some friends for a birthday and i can honestly say that it was the worst service that i ' ve ever seen . the waitress never came around to check on us , maybe every 40 minutes or so . so instead of ordering our drinks from her , we tried the bar , which was just as bad . two of us were standing at the bar for around 30 minutes and never had a bartender get our drinks , so i just left . it was ridiculous to say the least . we were supposed to be going there next weekend for a bachelorette party and we will now be taking our service elsewhere .
1			service	horrible			shouldn ' t even get 1 star . my husband and i went here looking for a dresserto match bedroom furniture we have . we found something we wanted to purchase and waited almost 30 minutes for a sales person to help us then were told they would call us the next day with the pick up date and time . no call the next day or 3 days following . we called and all calls go to voicemail no one returned our messages . we called every store in the valley and no one returned our call . horrible service i do not recommend .
1			experience	bad			not really like i want . i went there with my wife for her birthday . i thought we will be have some surprise on it but totally up side down . . maybe i expect too much . the food ok the chef not very good no trick the server kind of not much patient to listen what i want . . so that ' s bad experience for us .
2			food	amazing			went here with the family as we passed through town . the food was absolutely amazing . if you are on the 10 please stop here ! ! family got pedro ' s shrimp , the pork , cuban sandwich , one of the appetizers forgot which one . i can ' t even begin to describe how delicious this food was . the shrimp came with some sort of topping of onions , capers and garlic . just incredible ! however warning : food is cooked to order so prepare for some wait time .
2			it	amazing			i had a side of chicken shwarma it was amazing with their garlic sauce i did not have any of the vegetables or hummus
1			it	recommend	i	hungry	cue	visual	flake	gold	people	many	reviews	great	it	confusing	presentation	great	restroom	clean	anything	special	looked	nice	it	cramped	menus	edible	cute	ok	spoon	giant	it	small	way	bad			after dinner desserts with friends on a saturday night . we wanted to try this place because of all the great reviews that people have been posting . it was a bit confusing finding the place , since there is another restaurant in the same lot with the name , raku . there was a line to get in when we arrived , so we ended up waiting about 15 minutes or so . ask to be seated at the counter , so you watch them prepare the food . edible menus ok , cute . after looking over the menu , decided on pre fixe , since one of my dining mates recommended it . pros : great presentation of the desserts ; so ' artsy ' ! clean , almost sterile appearance clean restroom with a toilet that has a proximity sensor opens automatically friendly , smiling staff cons : the price : $ 40+ , gratuity is automatically tacked on , for dessert for 2 people no drinks what ? ? ? ok , i see gold flake in some of the desserts that were served to us . does that make it worth it ? well , it looked nice , but i was still hungry when i left . i don ' t remember anything particularly special about it . plus my wallet was a little lighter . ok , restroom was clean , but it took me a few seconds to figure out which object was the sink . it looked like a barrel of some sort . i could barely understand what the server was saying see below . perhaps they should use pictures ? it kind of feels like you ' re in japan in a bad way , which means , it is small and cramped , and feels over crowded . get a sign , for christ ' s sake ! i know the giant spoon in the front is a visual cue , but how many people know to look for that , and how visible is that from the street ? it ' s like going to a rave in an undisclosed location . you won ' t know that you ' re there unless you ask one of the other people waiting in line to get in . if you are lactose intolerant , cross this place off your list . it seems like everything made here is made from milk . summary imho : bang for the buck ? ? nope . not here . not to me at least . hey , that ' s great that they can get away with charging almost $ 20 , for something that i can probably figure out how to make at home for less than $ 10 and still have second or third servings . i don ' t think i ' ll be coming back here unless somebody else insists on footing the bill .
2			it	ok	mix	perfect	girls	sweet	dessert	love	separator	little	entree	main	you	love	it	sweet no	desserts	hate	it	perfect	sauce	raspberry	object	main	desserts	favorite	table	open	they	busy no	dessert	like	display	cute	menu	edible	they	talented	wait	long no	service	slow	dessert	amazing			i ' m not sure where to begin but to say omg i love you . you enter , and there is a cute display of wines which is like a little wall separator . it was a tuesday night , so they weren ' t too busy when we came so we were immediately seated at the bar . awesome because you get to see the chef make everything not from scratch of course but she puts it all together in front of you you can even see her make the crystallized sugar as each order comes up ! how cool is that ? service is a little slow , but with such sweet girls serving us and a show in front , it was ok with me . you ' re given a plate with a scroll on it to unwrap where they ' ll explain the menu for you . after you ' ve had time to look over the menu , they come around to pour their to die for raspberry sauce to dip your edible menu with . this sauce was heaven . i swear . my bff and i decided to go with 3 main dessert entree ' s instead of the 3 course meal just because we don ' t care for cream puffs much . but really , the 3 course meal is a score so it ' s your preference , we ' re just fatties like that . i loved every dessert we tried . everything . each was amazing in their own way , but the red rock lava flow was one of my favorites and tops it on my list of favorite desserts . this surpasses roy ' s chocolate souffle and if anyone knows me , you know i die and go to heaven with each bite of his souffle but this lava cake was the perfect mix of sweet and sour and light . fyi : mt . fuki chestnut cream cake seems to be something thats always on the menu and their #1 seller . the couple next to us told us it was the most amazing dessert they ' ve ever had next to red rock so when i ' m back in vegas , i ' ll be there to try this dessert . they don ' t take reservations here but if you ' re going on a weekday , they ' ll most likely have a table open or the wait isn ' t that long . but it is wroth the wait . also , the desserts are $ 12 for just the entree and $ 19 for the 3 course . the chef is from japan and if anyone knows anything about the japanese , they ' re talented when it comes to food and what makes it perfect for my palate is that they know how to use sugar and not let the sugar be the main object of the piece . it ' s not overly sweet , but just perfect . i really hate desserts that taste mostly of sugar and nothing else because that ' s how most people in america like their dessert
2			atmosphere	fun	you	disappointed no	brittany	amazing			i would never switch to anyone else in the entire phoenix metro ! brittany is amazing knows hair , hair color , and products ! she has a darling location in downtown chandler in a really fun atmosphere . how i lucked out and found her when i first moved to arizona , i will never know , but i know i am blessed ! try her out you will not be disappointed ! !
1			service	horrible			horrible service . took forever . management apology for service was bunch of excuses . will not be back .
2			sashimi	fresh	it	love	service	amazing			excellent ! service is amazing and also has the most fresh sashimi in henderson ! we love it , we go there at least once a week !
2			croissants	amazing			i have been here a couple times now . the breakfast croissants are amazing ! if i lived closer i would be there probably too often .
2			cartomizer	cool	place	recommend	place	great	places	wise	juices	awesome			this place is really great ! super close to where i live . they have different products than most vape places brand wise . awesome juices ! i bought a really cool cartomizer there too ! i would totally recommend this place . check it out !
2			leash	short	bacon	added	table	quiet	hotdog	amazing			i ' ve had gourmet hotdogs from a few places over the years . they all fall short after having short leash . i had the devil dog with some added bacon , becca had the bear and my friends had some build your own types . the table was completely quiet after our food arrived . all of us focused on our meals . one of my friends that joined us spent the rest of his weekend telling everyone he could about the most amazing hotdog he ' d ever had in his life .
2			home	long	something	right no	service	amazing			five stars all the way , amazing customer service . i had made a trip with my clunker a few hundred miles through the desert and felt like something wasn ' t quite right . brought it in before the long trek home hoping it was just an alignment issue . which it wasn ' t , alas , my hooptie had a whole picnic basket full of woes under its hood . but the guys here broke down all my options for me very clearly , and were upfront about the costs of each repair . by the end of the whole saga , i had decided to junk it , so they only charged me for a $ 30 compression test i had asked for to see if the engine was still salvageable .
1			bowl	large	bowl	small	food	raw	experience	bad			i come here often and most of the time they mess up my order . workers don ' t speak english and food is often under cooked or raw . several times i ' ve ordered a large bowl and they charge me for large but give me a small bowl . overall a very bad experience .
2			employees	friendly	employees	helpful	place	recommend	selection	awesome			beer selection is awesome and the employees were very helpful and friendly . i would highly recommend this place if you need to purchase any grocery items .
1			portion	sad	cheesesteak	worst			overpriced and skimpy on quantity . this was , by far , the worst cheesesteak i ' ve ever had . the sandwich , fries , and drink was almost $ 15 ! and this is a restaurant in a mall food court , no excuse it should be that much . the portion if meat you get is sad , just sad . i ' ll stick with trusty cappriotis .
1			food	mediocre	reminder	physical	ambiance	nice	experience	bad	imho	mediocre	skinless	frozen	reminder	visual	direction	opposite	degrees	salty	decor	nice	taste	bad			i also was a first time visitor using a groupon . i have to one star them because they refused to honor the groupon . i print groupons the day i buy them as a physical , visual reminder to use them . my day of purchase printed groupon clearly stated on its face that it ' s expiration date was december 5 . i ate at the restaurant on december 5 , and the management falsely claimed that the groupon was expired . beyond the manipulative dishonesty of the management , the food was very mediocre imho . the chicken teriyaki was a frozen skinless boneless chicken breast like you would buy by the bag at costco or sams club , cooked barely long enough to no longer be raw , with no flavoring or seasoning whatsoever . the vegetables were steamed but also with no flavoring or seasoning whatsoever . the salmon teriyaki was the same story . the yakisoba was 180 degrees the opposite direction , too much salty seasoning . the decor is very nice , and the restaurant has a nice ambiance and vibe , but the mediocre food and bad groupon experience left a bad taste in my mouth . we won ' t be back .
2			we	pleased	service	excellent	specials	fantastic	selection	good	pizza	fantastic	place	great	yasmin	awesome			this place is great . had heard from the in laws that the pizza was fantastic . we went for appetizers and beers and were very pleased with the selection especially the beer selection . the happy hour specials are fantastic . will definitely try the pizza next time , as that is their specialty . yasmin , the bartender , was awesome . we will definitely be back to see her . we appreciate a good beer selection and excellent service above all and were extremely pleased with american tap house .
1			grade	low	rude	rough	pedicure	worst			by far the worst manicure pedicure i have ever received . they rough , rude and provide low grade services . i actually need to file my nails to be even and my gel manicure was globbed on . better luck doing your own nails .
1			chicken	usual	amount	small	service	slow	chef	professional	open	new	cuisine	authentic	experience	worst			our family first went henry ' s kitchen 9 months ago , this place definitively delivered the most authentic taiwanese cuisine in town upon new open . however , food quality and service deteriorates over time . and tonight was the worst experience ever . i ordered black pepper chicken as usual , service was slow : amount was small : taste was off : and what really pissed me off is that , my plate was not prepared by a professional chef , instead it was a colleague student like temp in charge of the entire kitchen i will give them no more chance , period .
1			service	worst			worst service ever . waited at table for 15 min no service the went to bar and took order 90 people running around but no one carries
1			location	love	spot	small	food	good	service	excellent	character	good	location	new	sammy	new	service	constant	feel	love	app	little	taste	bad			although the food was good , i hate to say that the service this time around was not . my first time here a few weeks back was much better , even though the place was packed , we received constant , excellent service . tonight was a totally different experience . we ordered an app and two pizzas , waited at least thirty five minutes , app never showed . when the pizzas arrived we asked that the app be cancelled . our server came back to say the pizzas just cooked faster than our little dumpling app really ? ? . i can forgive a mistake like if someone forgets to put our app order in but i don ' t like being lied to . she proceeded to say that it was being cooked and that the manager would swing by and ' take care of it ' . we never saw such manager , our server only checked on us once , and i left with a bad taste in my mouth . i love the feel of this new sammy ' s but one cannot live on ambiance alone . there ' s a small mom & pop pizza spot down the street from home that always delivers on the service front . i ' d rather give them my business no matter how meager it may seem . it would have showed some good character if a manager would ' ve showed up and simply apologized for whatever mistake was made . no need to comp anything , just own up to the mistake , apologize and move on . very disappointed , i really wanted to love this new location .
2			crab	soft	it	delicious	appetizer	amazing	everything	amazing			for $ 10 you get chicken katsu , rice , miso soup , and a cabbage salad . everything was amazing ! who would of thought to grind up sesame seeds into the katsu sauce ? ! ? it was delicious ! i also ordered soft shell crab appetizer which was amazing ! thanks to my friend jessica for taking me there ! i am definitely going back again !
2			options	many	choices	many	i	free	establishment	best	burger	amazing			this is one of the best hamburger establishment i ' ve ever gone too ! they make an amazing burger ! i am gluten free so i don ' t have many options out there . they sure do provide many choices for me . i highly recommend !
2			you	weak	fries	rosemary	night	regular	staff	attentive	patio	spacious	food	solid	spot	favorite	staff	friendly	appetizers	amazing			we decided to try az wilderness brewing co to switch up our regular saturday night . we invited another couple for dinner and drinks . the place was packed as expected for a saturday night so we put our name in for a table and headed to the bar . the bar staff was attentive and friendly , even offering samples of their beer offerings . we were seated within 20 minutes patio is spacious and here ' s plus , you can bring your pet ! food is solid and service was perfectly timed . amazing appetizers meatloaf sliders and artichoke dip and rosemary fries that will make you weak in the knees . we enjoyed several hours on this patio catching up with our friends . we will absolutely return , a favorite spot to add to our list !
1			i	delighted	visage	offended	dear	poor	coffee	old	capital	ok	tuppence	mere	artist	offended	coffee	worst			hasn ' t happened to me in a while . i was almost delighted ! for years i avoided starbucks because i just drink black coffee : plain old black coffee . and for years starbucks had the worst black coffee in the biz . it was burned tasting , probably over roasted in some effort to cut the sweetness of the tons of sugar most people want in their coffee confections . so when i ' d go to starbucks and they ' d cheerily ask what can i get started for you ? i ' d just say medium coffee , black and usually they couldn ' t understand . then i got attitude . i got sick of it . i stayed away in droves . but then they came out with that pikes place u00a9 branded stuff everything needs to have a brand . intellectual capital and all that and it was ok and they stopped giving me attitude when i ' d order it . maybe starbucks could be a coffee destination for me once again . so it was with some delight that my order at the drive thru speaker was greeted with a pause and soft voiced incredulity . when i rolled up to the window , $ 2 . 50 in hand , i beheld the almost offended haughty visage of a tattooed coffee artisan , who handed me a cup almost without making eye contact . two eleven he said , flatly . i handed him the money and said keep it , trying to smooth over the poor dear ' s rankled nerves . but an artist , once offended , can ' t be assuaged with a mere tuppence . he said nothing and retreated to his lair behind the window , obviously there to ponder the banality of the philistine he had just encountered . and i was delighted . because i can now safely go back to my previous prejudices regarding starbucks . mission accomplished !
2			she	awesome			my nails were a mess after having worn acrylics for over 10 years . i ' m now going natural and my nails look better than ever ! lekisha is using the ibx system to strengthen my nails . they no longer crack and chip and are actually growing ! she ' s awesome !
1			seemed	decent	man	young	reputation	bad	feel	bad	lady	nice	seemed	nice	seemed	polite	sushi	carte	sign	bad			we came here for lunch last week . we had a coupon we had purchased online and thought we ' d try this place . the visit started off badly when we arrived at the place and there was a handwritten sign saying that all groupons must have reservations , with a phone number listed . so , we stood outside in the 100 degree las vegas heat and called for a reservation . we were asked when we wanted to eat and my wife told them , we are standing outside and are here for lunch . they told her the manager wasn ' t there and could we call a different phone number and talk to the manager ? so , we did . again , my wife asked if we could make a reservation and told the person on the phone that we were here for lunch . he said is would be over in about 15 minutes . say what ? not sure what his presence at the restaurant had to do with us eating lunch . my wife asked , can we go inside and order . yes , you may . sheesh ! so , in we went . a nice lady promptly seated us as we were the only customers there as lunch time a bad sign ? . we ordered a la carte sushi from the groupon menu , huh ? ! we were quickly given water to drink . about 10 minutes after we ordered , a young man showed up at our table with headphones on . the manager perhaps ? not sure , he didn ' t introduce himself , but he wanted to know about our coupon . he took the coupon . so , after all of that , the sushi came out . it seemed decent actually , but who wants to go through all of that to order a few sushi rolls ? this place will likely close within a couple of months due to bad reputation and no business . i feel bad for the waitress as she seemed nice and polite . i definitely would not come back .
2			meat	great	problem	heavy	place	great	service	quick	food	terrific			first time coming into this location and it surpassed my expectations . great place for a lunch appointment . service was quick and the food was terrific . we ordered the dolce diavolo and italian stallion . chilies and honey on a pizza ? are you nuts ? but it works so well . the problem with most all meat pizzas is they ' re too heavy and too greasey , but not the italian stallion . great meat but without the grease .
2			food	worth	food	good	wait	little	you	willing	she	overwhelmed	seemed	overwhelmed	favorite	local	waitress	ok	chicken	amazing			when we headed to this location they were packed ! they are obviously a local favorite . we were able to secure seats at the bar , which we enjoy since you can always watch all the action from here and see how things work . the country fried chicken is amazing ! our waitress was okay , she kept on top of things , but seemed to be overwhelmed with how busy it was , which was fine . the down sides to this place are the parking and how busy it can get . but if you are willing to walk a bit and hang out for good food that ' s worth a little wait head out here !
2			owner	attentive	quality	low	crab	love	sauces	delicious	prices	good	rolls	like	it	delicious	sake	awesome	crab	real	mayo	spicy	staff	attentive	owner	nice	fish	mushy	dish	free	selections	great	i	regular	deal	awesome			finally found a quality sushi place that is off the strip . none of that mushy fish and rice blended concoctions like those low quality all you can eat joints . quality sashimi , delicious sauces . not one of those places that serves 50 million made up rolls mostly consisting of spicy mayo and other filler ingredients . the focus here is more on bringing out the taste of the quality fish , not overdoing it with the sauces . for instance , their california roll is made with 100 % real crab meat ! ! ! i never liked california rolls because most use imitation meat . i love crab so i will eat them here ! ! the owner and staff were very attentive and nice . the owner even gave me a free dish of sea bass sushi to try for free and it was delicious . they had a green tea creme brulee that they are still deciding if they will put on the menu . . its a keeper yum ! the peach lychee sake is awesome and made in house ! prices are good for the quality you get . happy hour menu has great selections and awesome is an awesome deal . i will be a regular here ! !
1			place	new	taste	bad			well i just called to place a to go order and was turned away because they stop taking orders at 8 : 30 , even though i called right on the dot . they dont close for another half hour that already put a bad taste in my mouth . . so much for a new place in the area thanks but no thank !
2			it	best	it	hot	karts	fast	water	cold	place	awesome	track	awesome			awesome place to race go karts ! it ' s outside and right by the strip . the track is awesome and the karts are pretty fast . it ' s best to go later in the afternoon since it ' s pretty hot during the day . they also give you really cold water
2			experience	great	breakfast	awesome			this was my 1st time here . and i had a great experience . emily was my server and answered all my questions . and help me with the decision on getting a mto breakfast which was awesome . whoa ! thank you
1			food	great	service	horrible			horrible service , but great food . who runs out of ketchup ?
1			business	bad	people	many	way	horrible	service	horrible			if there was a 0 star rating for for my experience at this location i would have chosen it ! the clerk jeff offered horrible customer service . he even refused to give us a refund and then called metro because we demanded one . all i can say is that there are so many people who are unemployed . this night clerk who claims that he is the manager of the store does not value his job . i did not give them my business and never will again . he blurted racist comments and stated that ain ' t gonna loose his job because of this . horrible way to make a business work . jeff who said his name was peter , should be retrained in the value of a customer and customer service period ! bad business . shame on you 711 for employing someone that treats your valued guests in that manner . shame on the night clerk jeff for being so rude and offensive . shame on you ! ! ! ! ! i give this location a zero star rating .
2			it	recommend	spot	definite	food	good	matt	awesome	place	packed	group	large	staff	attentive	meal	good	care	great	nick	awesome			we visited before the royal rumble with such a packed place we were waited on quickly and the staff was very attentive to our needs . we had a large group of people and it was a great time . the food was good and the beer was reasonably priced . it is a definite spot to go to before games events or for a good meal . our waiters matt and nick were awesome and casey took great care of us ! i would recommend it and plan on going back soon !
1			service	bad			descent food bad service . ordered green curry with beef . they brought yellow curry with chicken . then for the bill we had 3 different checks he put 2 on mine . not recommended .
2			they	late	mistake	huge	job	amazing			since they did such an amazing job last time , we used them again . huge mistake . they were late , damaged our things , and are now refusing to return our calls or take any responsibility . i would not use them again and will be following up with the ag , bbb , and any other agency i can think of .
2			village	culinary	feel	classic	people	magnificent	strip	old	artist	new	things	overpriced	people	wonderful	people	many	shops	old	walk	little	motel	old	story	short	festivals	many	deal	real	everything	phenomenal	festival	organized	pieces	amazing			everything about this festival was phenomenal . it was set on the old strip of las vegas think back like fear and loathing or the days of elvis , not the impersonations but the real deal . the buildings have so much character which makes for a better setting and just a more classic feel . they transformed the streets where the festival took place with wall murals ; one side of a building was 3d and the next building someone had scraped away the paint to create one of the most amazing pieces of work i have had the pleasure to see . they converted an old run down motel into an art exhibit walking from room to room to experience a new artist . i was even able to witness two artists paint and transform the side of a building during one of the shows . i did not attend the culinary village or those events let ' s face it , i was there for the music . the overall festival was so organized . there was never a time where i felt lost or that there wasn ' t whatever i needed bathrooms , beer , food , water , ferris wheels , maps , etc . within 20 feet of me . having been to many festivals , that really was amazing to me especially being with this being lib ' s first rodeo . even the people that attended this festival were so magnificent i met so many wonderful people . during the concerts , there wasn ' t any pushing or shoving or a single time where i felt submerged in chaos . the crowds and all of the bands musicians that played at this festival solidified my heart . yes , things were overpriced . for instance , a beer at the tents was $ 9 for a heineken ? oh please . luckily if you took a little walk into the old shops , they converted the barber shop into what you say . . a bar ! cocktails $ 3 , cans of beer $ 4 . they also had food around here , but i chose to eat away my life in plantains and arepas outside of the festival at a nearby venezuelan joint . what i do know from this short story is , i will be back lib ! !
1			kaya	recommend	place	good no	place	new	service	bad			i wouldn ' t recommend coming here bad service you have to wait a hour for your sushi that you order to come . i recommend sushi kaya down the road and its cheaper . new place isn ' t usually a good place .
1			system	automated	service	horrible			i ' m electing to give pink spot , 1 star for their horrible customer service . i received a text message from their automated system , congratulating me on being the winner of a $ 100 dollar pink spot gift card . upon arriving to their location i was told that the text message was a mistake , and even thought i came all the way from across town , that they didn ' t have to honor it what a joke of a business .
2			jimmy	quick	shave	quick	establishment	amazing	staff	amazing			just went in for a quick shave . jimmy was quick and on point staff in there was amazing . it is an amazing establishment close to home . i will definitely keep going there thank you for the first shave jimmy much respect cheers pal
1			nite	bad			not impressed at all ; bar drinks . . don ' t waste your money , the food so so . actually went twice to make sure that maybe i had just gone on a bad nite . i wish they would refund our money ! ! !
2			menu	small	price	right	fries	tasting	piece	tasty	it	awesome	quality	superb	sauce	good	sauce	special	thing	big	drive	fast	items	based	chicken	amazing			went through drive thru because it seemed like the quickest option to try this place out and it was awesome . pulled up , looked at their menu which was pretty small like in and out that consisted of chicken based food items . i got their big chicken box thing which cost like $ 7~ that came with 4 chicken strips their special sauce good tasting fries coleslaw a medium drink and a very tasty piece of bread looking thing . the quality was superb for a drive thru that was pretty quick comparing it to in and out this place was very fast for the quality of food . the price is right . their chicken is amazing and the sauce is actually really good i originally asked for a side of bbq sauce during the drive thru transaction as i was unaware of their sauce which happened to turn out really good they don ' t have bbq sauce anyways as i found out . i won ' t be going back to kfc . highly recommend at least trying it .
2			everyone	nice	sandwich	recommend	their	quick	place	favorite	place	recommend	everyone	friendly	place	amazing			this place is amazing ! this is my favorite sandwich place ! everyone in there is super friendly and nice ! also their very quick ! highly recommend this place if your craving a sandwich ! !
2			food	amazing	wednesday	busy	atmosphere	great	wednesday	late	place	amazing			amazing place ! great atmosphere , amazing food the only thing i could complain about was the service . it was a wednesday late after noon so not too busy and our waitress didn ' t come by much . other than that i would suggest the curry and carna asada dish and their fries !
2			mimosas	bottomless	ones	best	drew	best	food	awesome			bottomless mimosas ! the tripical ones are the best . food was awesome ! drew is the best !
1			food	upscale	place	little	place	recommend	place	great	names	awesome	food	bad			we have been coming here since they opened and have yet to have bad food or service ! great little place to go , upscale food with prices that make sense for the quality of the food you get . usually get the same server wish i could remember names who is awesome ! highly recommend this place .
1			it	understandable	they	open	blah	bland	it	strange	service	bad	english	bad	place	awful	food	bad			this place is awful and its so bad it even feels staged . are we on punked ? we went in for lunch no one in the entire place . we waited for 20 minutes to be seated while the entire waitstaff stared at us through the back kitchen it was 12 on a tuesday they were absolutley open . once we got seated our waiter male came over and did not crack a smile or speak a word . it was almost humorous . i think he grunted to take our order . it is understandable if his english was bad but he was speaking english to the other waiter when he was away from our table . it was strange . on top of all of that the food was bad . no taste bland blah ! this place will be gone in no time when your service and food is bad there is no hope !
1			pizza	decent	service	poor	seemed	interested no	seemed	indifferent	it	bad			do not order for delivery ! ! i don ' t know if they are just experimenting with delivery service or what , but the driver couldn ' t find our house right nearby . we called after it had been an hour wait at 630pm and asked what happened to our pizza . spoke to a manager jeff and he seemed indifferent and not interested when i asked to cancel the order and get a refund . very poor customer service compared to other restaurants . it ' s too bad because they have decent pizza , just make sure to eat there or get takeout .
1			boobs	damn	wait	long	shake	missing	it	boring	feeling	bad			we went to planet hollywood for burgr , but the wait was too long so we ended up here . upon entering i already had a bad feeling . . seriously why did i eat here ? ! looked at the menu and automatically thought it was boring . ended up with a wakey wakey and a chocolate pretzel shake . got the burger but my shake was no where to be seen . not to mention they wouldn ' t let my friend swap her soda for a shake even tho she had the money to pay the difference . i mean what is that about ? anyways i told the waitress about the missing shake and she looked lost . when she finally brought it she still didn ' t know where to put it . thennn she tried to give us someone else ' s milkshake ! come on girl ! put those damn boobs away and pick up a book ! now onto the food . . my burger didn ' t have a lot of flavor except for the ham . hell i couldn ' t even taste the actual burger patty . i also forgot that there was an egg because it had no flavor . that to me is just odd . . as for the shake all i could taste was the pretzel . this place lacks in customer service and flavor !
1			it	recommend	it	good no	service	slow	food	good no	service	friendly	we	happy no	it	worth no	server	impressive no	food	bad			eh i expected a lot better from what i ' ve heard and after an hour wait i ' ve been to the one in asheville and it ' s just not the same . i will say service was friendly but slow , but the food just wasn ' t good . brunch : i ordered a crab and egg dish and after it took about 50 minutes to come out , it just wasn ' t good . it lacked flavor and spices , and was definitely not worth the $ 14 . my husband got a meat pie after the server recommended it also , not very impressive and not a lot of meat in it . after we were asked how the food was , we told our server that we weren ' t very happy with it , the manager came over and apologized and gave us a gift card to try again . at least they care too bad the food wasn ' t good
2			selection	unique	people	local	items	many	ramen	fancy	you	disappointed no	cocktails	great	it	right	setting	fun	setting	comfortable	caramel	salted	wok	awesome			this place is doing it right . local people committed to making great food and craft cocktails in a fun and comfortable setting . pull up a chair in front of the kitchen area . you ' ll get all kinds of commentary on the food you select and watching jared work the wok is awesome . we ' ve had many menu items . i ' m a sucker for fancy ramen , and this is the best i ' ve found in the phoenix area . kimchi fried rice , yes please . save room for the fritters the flavors change frequently . this week we had the bananas foster version with salted caramel what ? ! we were fighting over it . they have a unique selection of house cocktails . with josh behind the bar , opt for a surprise you won ' t be disappointed .
1			flavor	flavor no	seem	nice	looks	cute	pizza	bad			the place looks so cute from the outside and the people seem nice . the pizza however is pretty bad . maybe it was an off day ? will try once more . seriously looked and tasted like the box kits you ' d make at home as a kid . zero flavor .
1			ribs	amazing no			we ordered ribs to go and when we went to pick them up the staff didn ' t even acknowledge me . took about 10 mins before they actually brought over my food which they didn ' t even ask if i was there to pick up food . the ribs weren ' t amazing . felt like they were made from a neighbor ' s backyard . was hoping that they would be fall off the bone kind of ribs but they were definitely not .
1			business	bad			beware ! ! ! ! ! so this company not only did not deliver any products as promised but after they wrote me a email saying they would return the funds back to my card they contested it with my credit card . just goes to show what bad business and frauds they are at lawless hence the name ! ! ! beware ! ! ! ! ! once they take your $ $ $ $ money they won ' t deliver on time or as promised and then try to keep your money ! !
2			food	amazing	me	recommend	service	phenomenal	jj	great	drinks	awesome			friend recommended me here . over 400 restaurants in japan . amazing food . customer service was phenomenal . great job jj . made happy hour . awesome drinks . eat here people !
1			service	fast	sandwich	dry	looked	meaty	eater	picky no	sandwich	tasteless	sandwich	pulled	ribs	tough	cheese	dry	looked	big	food	bad			we will not go back ! ! the ribs looked big and meaty but were tough . the mac n cheese was dry and no flavor potato salad was the same . the pulled pork sandwich was dry and tasteless . bun also dry . fast service but what good is that when it is bad food . sorry but i tell it like it is and i am not a real picky eater . going to try the other restaurant there the next time . . .
1			shop	recommend no	it	existing	service	bad			after a collision , i followed a friend ' s recommendation to this shop , and was really sold on their act at first . they had my car for months , charged for parts that didn ' t even exist , charged for towing they didn ' t do , and added bogus supplemental estimates to the insurance claim any chance they could . in the end , they didn ' t even do all of the work that they charged for . they scratched my window tint and claimed it was pre existing , damaged my paint and fought me before they would fix it poorly . the work that was done was sub par , even after sending it back multiple times , and i had to keep checking them every step of the way . i eventually just gave up on them . their customer service was bad and they fed me lots of lies . i never would have expected the service i got from any place , let alone one that was supposed to be taking better care of me as a friend ! i am still getting work done on things that they claimed to have fixed . i would not recommend this shop to anyone ever . shady !
2			views	gorgeous	identity	confused	it	nice no	bathrooms	awful	pricing	high	off	immediate	it	cheesy	i	excited	we	disappointed	uplighting	weird	room	cool	dining	love	they	confused	restaurant	new	prices	high	food	ok	waitress	awesome			i was really excited to try this place because my fianc u00e9 and i love dining on the water , but we were pretty disappointed . i think it has potential but they ' re a little confused on their identity and definitely need to reconsider their pricing . here are a few observations : pricing is way too high . this isn ' t scottsdale and it ' s not nice enough to get away with the high prices being located off of baseline in tempe . as soon as happy hour ended the bar cleared out and everyone went next door to pier 54 . the food is ok but the menu is kind of all over the place . the place turns into a nightclub after 8 9ish on the weekends . that was an immediate turn off for us and we ' re in our early 30s . it was pretty cheesy . gorgeous views , but the weird uplighting inside the bar reflected off the glass and skewed the view . bathrooms are awful . both my fianc u00e9 and i commented on how you could tell they skipped rehabbing the bathrooms and how important that was in a new restaurant . there is a cool pool table room in the back and games on the patio but no one was in there . i think this goes back to pricing and a confused identity . our waitress i think her name was bailey was awesome ! very attentive and personable . worth checking out for the view alone , but without defining their identity and lowering their prices , i give the place 6 months to a year .
1			barbacoa	good	soup	love	place	bad			no a bad place . their barbacoa is good and so are their margaritas . i love their tortilla soup .
1			meal	bad no	meal	terrible	i	excited	taste	fresh no	disappointment	big	it	bad			i was excited to try the food here , but it honestly was a big disappointment . the vegetables did not taste fresh and the meal we ordered for my daughter was terrible . we had to go to get something else for her to eat yes , it was that bad . my husband got lucky , his meal wasn ' t too bad . i won ' t be going back .
1			review	horrible			they totally burned and fried my pad thai didn ' t look anything like pad thai . for a dollar is all never go back there again sorry this is a horrible review i hope your experience is better .
2			flavors	changing	they	patient	service	amazing	atmosphere	amazing			we originally found joe ' s while vacationing in anaheim and were so happy that they have one close to us in tempe . the atmosphere of this place is amazing . i love how they are so patient while you decide from the infinite list of ever changing flavors , and let you sample everything you like ! service is amazing , and of course the product is one of a kind . nothing compares ! ! ! ! we will definitely be visiting frequently .
2			sub	good	everyone	nice	sandwhich	amazing			prosciutto and mozzarella sandwhich is absolutely amazing defiantly recline that to anyone ! , this place really didn ' t catch my eye but now this is my goto spot for a good sub ! i love that they deliver ! and everyone is really nice who works there .
1			food	mediocre	draft	terrible	add	definite	options	many	service	slow	restaurant	worst			ok definitely the worst restaurant i have been to in scottsdale ! ! ! the service is slow ! ! ! ! they messed up every single item we ordered . the restaurant had a terrible draft and the food was mediocre . i would never ever go here again ! many better options for mediterranean food in scottsdale . a definite add to the must miss list . blech .
2			you	shocked	food	bold	seem	difficult	things	many	experience	traditional	it	easy	rooms	many	food	delicious	chef	talented	chef	smart	food	terrific			describing rose . rabbit . lie can seem difficult at first . there are so many things going on in so many rooms , often all at once , that if you go there looking for a traditional dining experience you will be shocked . there is nothing traditional about this alice in wonderland meets moulin rouge restaurant bar circus nightclub mashup . you could honestly spend an entire night here and you will run the gamut of food and entertainment . with all the performances going on it ' s easy to forget , or straight out miss the fact , that the food here is terrific . modern takes on french classics , presented in a way that is designed to be shared , the food is bold and delicious . wesley holton is a smart and talented chef , and you should probably order two more dishes than you think you can eat , simply so you can sample more of his food . the sense of playfulness in the food only adds to the experience .
2			drinks	refreshing	chocolate	delicious	singers	brilliant	guy	cool	presentation	phenomenal	it	love	portions	massive	guy	attentive	whites	whipped	chocolate	delicate	portions	like no	guy	awesome			7 : 30 pm nocturne show it was my 2nd time to see the show , this time i went with my adult son and we made rsvp to have dinner . it is tapas style we ordered 5 items and each one was so perfectly seasoned a joy to savor ! i liked the portion served , as i don ' t like massive portions of food on a plate . the presentation was phenomenal and our server was a very attentive cool guy ! the star of the meal was our dessert oh my we ordered 2 and the chocolate with the whipped egg whites was off the chart delicate & delicious ! the drinks were so refreshing , i had the one with ginger all i can say about the whole dinner is compliments to the chef well worth the expense ! i like how they have entertainment throughout the place and the guy playing the crystal glasses in the dining room was awesome ! the band & singers at the bar excellent then the show brilliant loved all the different talent show cased ! i look forward to having the experience again & again ! loved it and so did my son .
2			food	great	marrow	rich	eggs	heavenly	everything	amazing			we went there to watch a show then got hungry we had heavenly eggs , curried cauliflower , bone marrow very rich watch out ! we got lucky and got 2 dishes on the house a lobster dish and a pea salad everything was amazing , like the ad in the magazine they do cook everything to perfection ! this is the type of place that you don ' t mind paying more for great food and entertainment . if you are going to watch a show , catch the early one because then you can sit down , eat and watch the second show from behind the stage it ' s a different show
1			doors	open	experience	horrible			they were sent out by my home warranty . if i could give them less that one star , i would . unfriendly , slow , showed up 45 minutes after the appointment window after i had told them i would have to take an afternoon off so i could be there in the window they stated , and the technician did not identify himself when he came to my house , i had to ask who he was and why he was here i do not understand how a business like the still keeps the doors open . if i ever have appliance issues again , i will request my home warranty send anyone but this company . truly a horrible experience !
2			rib	tender	brisket	tender	boot	tender	bark	crusty	itself	bland	bbq	expensive	miss	little	meat	bland	rub	dry	bbq	like	prices	high	flavor	slight	bbq	fatty	brisket	lean	wait	bad no			if you like expensive , fatty bbq , then is the place for you . after reading all of the gushing reviews for little miss , we decided to give it a try . we were third in line and the 25 minute wait wasn ' t bad . when we got inside the place , my wife looked at the menu board and went oh no . the prices were quite high , a two meat plate with tax was over 16 bucks $ 16 . 00+ . we both ordered lean brisket and a rib plus 2 sides . to be fair , both the brisket and rib was tender but since they wrap the brisket and ribs in either butchers paper or aluminum foil and put them in a warming oven before carving , a leather boot would be tender . both cuts were loaded with fat . i do not mind some marbling on my bbq but this was over the top with fat . the meat itself was bland . no slight flavor from the dry rub or the hardwood . personally , a bit of crusty bark on q does a lot for the flavor . little miss is a step above , rudy ' s , honey bears , dave ' s and can ' t stop smokin bbq but price wise any of those places are a better money value . would i return to little miss bbq ? no !
2			sausage	awesome	ribs	awesome	sauces	awesome	brisket	awesome	pork	pulled	pork	awesome			best damn bbq in az ! the brisket was awesome . the beef ribs was awesome ! the pulled pork was awesome ! the sausage was awesome ! the sauces were awesome ! can ' t wait to go back and try the pork ribs !
1			service	worst			the worst service i have ever had in my life . you need different servers that actually care about your customers . i will not ever be coming back to this bar .
1			amount	decent	service	efficient	fan	huge	fish	fresh	thing	bad			i wish we have one of those in the bay area . my bf is a huge fan of sushi . this place gives you decent amount of fish for each sushi you order . and according to my bf , their fish is very fresh . service is very efficient . only bad thing is that we were too sleepy to eat much . how can you go eat ayce with sleepy stomach ? i will definitely be back the next time i visit vegas .
2			he	creative	creative	funny	fish	prime	rules	ridiculous	restaurant	big no	flow	great	food	awesome			i hit this place last night on the recommendation of a friend . i am not really into ayce sushi . i find ayce places usually serve sub prime fish with ridiculous rules . also , i find the clientele at ayce places usually makes my appetite diminish . not this joint ! the food is awesome ! a hip scene and just a fun eating experience . i sat at the sushi bar at jjanga was my sushi chef . he is funny , creative and made the experience so enjoyable . uni ? no problem ! sashimi ? no problem . anything goes . also , the restaurant is not big . that being said , there were 5 sushi chefs standing in wait to make food . this meant a great flow of sushi . check it out .
2			they	fresh	place	love	margarita	best	spot	cool	pizza	amazing			love this place . amazing pizza and the best margarita ' s i ' ve ever had ! they ' re super fresh and definitely a cool spot to have a drink w friends on a patio .
1			they	rude	interior	disgusting	it	confusing	process	complete	ladies	friendly	pillows	hard	service	understanding	machines	available	service	nice	guys	friendly	location	good	thing	biggest	parking	free	floors	many	it	cheap	day	full	check	dry	it	right	reviews	bad	stains	clean	stains	no	pillows	uneven	experience	worst			i don ' t even know where to begin ! i don ' t like to really write bad reviews . i think this is my first one ! coming from usually staying in the nicer hotels such as mgm or caesar ' s , this was by far the worst vegas hotel experience ever . fyi : they ' re currently renovating , so i ' m sure once the entire process is complete , it may do some justice ! there ' s a lot of construction so it ' s very confusing to find your way to the check in area if you ' re driving in . okay . first : the upsides ! it ' s really really cheap to stay ! no resort fees ! it ' s right on the strip as well , so location is good ! housekeeping ladies are friendly ! the guys in valet and taxi service are friendly ! beds were clean and no bugs stains ! free parking ! second : the downsides myself and group experienced : long wait time to check in , took 30+ minutes , and the check in lady was very dry . interior on many floors such as hallways are disgusting . there weren ' t any ice machines available to us . the pillows were either extremely lumpy , uneven , or hard as a rock . the rooms smelled like sewage . the ceiling was starting to cave in in the rooms . the water in the bathroom would either stay cold or get extremely hot . the hinge to pull for shower faucet was broken in the room so couldn ' t use shower . the tub drain is clogged . the hair dryer in the room sparked and popped in my face twice and then stopped working . half the elevators weren ' t working . my tower had one working elevator , so the time to get up and down took very long ! they charge a full day to have late extended check out . oh by the way : i had a suite room ! third : the biggest thing was customer service ! everything else would ' ve been manageable if the hotel customer service were understanding or just nice about all the issues . we tried to change rooms due to the problems , but they wouldn ' t work with us , were very rude , and hung up when we asked for a supervisor . i also witnessed an employee yelling at someone in the casino for crossing in front of her even after they said sorry . finally : soooo all in all , you get what you pay for ! cheers ! :
1			hallway	small	omg	horrible	it	bad			omg this hotel is horrible , it ' s under construction and personally i think you should finish the hotel prior to opening . the hotel looks like its going to fall apart at any moment . the casino was a joke , there was still table that weren ' t even in use under plastic in a corner , the slots were scattered around to take up space in the casino the check in counters were in this small hallway . it ' s was just bad all around .
2			food	amazing			super clean , extremely friendly staff , and amazing food . had the coconut soup , pad thai , and panang curry and even my two toddlers were licking their plates ! definitely going to try the lunch buffet sometime and next time will bring some wine along bc it ' s byob .
2			we	pleased	services	moving	it	wonderful	duo	amazing			we ' ve needed some design and moving services and it has been wonderful to have them rolled into one ! marilee has such an eye for bringing everything together in our home creatively , peacefully and artistically so beautifully ! patrick takes care when moving furniture , consulting with us on the exact location and ensuring everything is to our satisfaction . together these two are an amazing duo . we are so pleased to have found dose moving and delivery !
1			girls	pretty	burger	worst			worst burger i have ever had . great for pretty girls to look at and beer but not the food .
1			way	sarcastic	flavor	caramel	deal	big	experience	horrible			my husband and i stopped in about an hour ago . we ordered some some donuts and and an iced coffee with caramel flavor . i tried the iced coffee and it had no syrup . no big deal i thought i would just ask them for some caramel flavor . i then asked karesa to fix my drink and she then snatched my drink and rolled her eyes . when she handed my drink back to me she pushed into my hand almost to say here is this better in very sarcastic way , to the point the lid almost popped off my cup ! i will not be returning to this location , and because of this horrible experience i am just fine paying a little bit more up the street at starbucks
2			options	many	music	great	leftovers	like no	sandwiches	huge	sandwiches	amazing			amazing sandwiches ! so many options and there ' s even more online ! the sandwiches are huge ! my fianc u00e9 and i both ended up only eating half and he can eat , so i would recommend sharing a sandwich if you don ' t like leftovers . great music as well .
1			it	decent	hunter	fun	atmosphere	good	service	bad	food	bad			came once before and it was decent , only reason we came back was for a friends birthday . it has a good atmosphere and they have buck hunter which is always fun to play but the food and service were both bad . . . won ' t be coming back
2			she	amazing	hair	amazing			they say what you see is what you get and after seeing her amazing hair and makeup i knew i had to have her do my makeup hair for my wedding . she was absolutely amazing ! ! !
1			store	new	store	pleasant	ends	good	table	dirty	filthiness	general	service	stellar	day	lucky	name	bad			new store using the latest mcdonalds motif is pleasant to the eye but the good ends there . i don ' t go to mcdonalds expecting stellar service but this store falls short with an i don ' t care attitude from the manager on down . if they get your order right go buy a lottery ticket because it is your lucky day . the don ' t care attitude shows in a general filthiness to the place . most of the soda dispenser heads have carbonated water pouring out of places it shouldn ' t be coming from . use the napkin you wet drying your hands to wipe off a dirty table . this place gives mcdonalds a bad name .
1			little	cold	place	big	little	bright	looks	great	room	bad			ok this is different fun different . a pretty big place when compared to other ramen places one could try in china town . front room seems to be the only place used for lunch time , but the back room looks great . not to say that the front room was bad just a little bright and cold for my taste . ooo speaking of taste check in and get the pork dumplings holy wow . . easily the best we ' ve had here in vegas . i will be back and really i can ' t wait
2			sparky	awesome			sparky is awesome ! ! ! ! sang along with me to the songs google on around , i will definitely come here again# ! ! !
2			place	great	atmosphere	awesome			great place awesome atmosphere and they have specialty saturday nights with different themes .
2			buns	sweet	aisle	frozen	change	pleasant	one	important	dough	handmade	we	shocked	food	real	tip	little	i	glad	kid	nice	food	delicious	tip	good	bottom	soggy	food	healthy	one	marinated	oil	homemade	oil	amazing			so it ' s been a few weeks since i ' ve been back and they made a few changes . the most important one being the addition of kevin , the owner ' s son . he is a super nice kid and speaks fluent english so the language barrier ' s gone . yay kevin ! kevin explained to me that they updated a few of their congee recipes to be less watery they read their yelp reviews and take them pretty seriously . they also added some buns to their menu . we tried the marinated beef one and the filling inside shocked me at how good it was . it tasted like it could be a dish on its own that people would order . one thing that deters me from buns is the soggy bottom that you sometimes get from steaming them and they don ' t have this at all ! the dough is obviously handmade and tastes different from the super sweet buns you ' d get in the frozen aisle . a pleasant change it feels like you ' re eating real food . even their homemade chili oil is amazing , i just want to smother everything in it . a little tip : their dumplings and congee are surprisingly good for a hangover . overall , i ' m really glad there ' s a place for more wholesome options in the plaza . the walls are now adorned with plaques that tell you about the ingredients and preparation methods they use in their dishes , which reinforces that they strive for healthy but delicious food . i can ' t wait for school to start so i can go back again . and if you do go , say hi to kevin :
1			place	cupcake	place	suck	they	horrible			this cupcake place simply sucks . you have to wait to get in , but once you taste the cupcakes they are horrible . the cake has no flavor and lacks something . the toppings make it appealing until you taste the whole cupcake . i tossed the cupcake i bought for lack of flavor , my kids also got rid of theirs .
1			fries	cheesy	elote	good	menu	great	place	love	they	disappointing	options	many	i	nice	note	positive	apps	cool	dishes	favorite	options	good	horchata	sweet	execution	horrible			oh , how i wanted to love this place . we always want to support the businesses in slope . on a positive note , the horchata was excellent not too sweet . the also have a great looking menu with tortas , tacos and cool apps . unfortunately , the execution was horrible . we had to throw away both orders of elote one of our favorite dishes . the corn was rubbery and slathered in mayo . also , no lime included . no lime with the elote ? this was the very first time in my entire life i have had elote i didn ' t like . they need to send their cooks to gallo blanco to check out good elote . after seeing their papanachos dish on facebook , we also ordered that . the picture showed cheesy waffle fries with jalape u00f1os . yes please ! like the elote , they were extremely disappointing . no jalape u00f1os just cheez wiz on waffle fries . boring , soggy and gross . we didn ' t finish any of the 4 items we ordered and left extremely disappointed . i ' m being nice giving it 2 stars . with so many good options around reyes , gallo , etc , they are going to need to improve quickly to stick around . maybe their cooks need more training not sure . i would skip this place for a bit until they get this figured out .
1			i	sorry	manager	rude	experience	worst	service	horrible			i ' m sorry to say that being this was the worst experience i had in vegas . the customer service is horrible . on this occasion we where trying to buy a cake for my friends bday party celebration an this stop definitely ruined the party . the manager was rude and kept ignoring me while i was explaining what i needed . i will never come back here . the service and the attitude we received from the employees were enough for us to go some place else . if you want to come here i suggest have lots and lots of patience or just try a different bakery .
1			day	bad			watermelon salad is blah . romaine should be changed to arugula , romaine was added wet , thus the dressing was diluted . maybe just a bad day
2			they	quick	they	caring	it	professional	they	kind	characters	strong	performances	terrific			we are beyond impressed with the staff and youth at this theatre . they are caring and kind , quick to build each other up . they all are strong characters . each class and play are well orchestrated . the performances are terrific . costuming and make up are amazing and the singing will take your breath away . we just saw seussical jr . last night and it was very professional for a cast and crew of 8 15 yr olds . well done !
2			visit	great	looked	great	alex	helpful	dress	little	burger	awesome			visited here on vacation . the mac n cheese burger was awesome . alex was very helpful and looked great in her little denim dress . great visit !
1			food	great	server	horrible			food was great but our server was horrible . didn ' t check on us at all . . as we wanted to order more food . . no water refill . . waited a good 10 to 15 for our check . as servers managers ourselves in the business , this was not acceptable & very disappointing .
1			seemed	annoyed	cookie	crunchy	sandwich	good	letdown	biggest	i	excited	store	dry	felt	rushed	place	bad			save your money and visit sprinkles for ice cream . this place was pretty bad , it was eye candy and i was drawn in i was excited to see i could build my own ice cream sandwich just like at sprinkles . i was first disappointed by the service i felt rushed and the girl seemed a little annoyed . the second and biggest letdown was the cookies , dry store bought flavored . a crunchy cookie doesn ' t make a good ice cream sandwich . i took a few bites and tossed it . i am in vegas 8 12 times a year and we stay at the monte carlo a lot but i think i will stick with other options that don ' t disappoint .
2			taylor	helpful	bathroom	cute	donuts	vegan	coffee	great	hands	amazing	donut	awesome			hands down the vegan donuts are amazing the only negative is that i wish the carrot cake donut was way bigger : the s ' more donut that was awesome along with the mayan and mexican chocolate spice . . taylor was very helpful with all questions we had and made us some great coffee ! ! ! ** check out the wallpaper in the bathroom pretty cute we will definitely be returning to o face
2			food	great	curry	awesome			great food ! the curry is awesome ! so is the pad thai and beef salad ! ! ! ! really reasonably priced !
1			food	great	management	helpful no	service	bad			great food but , very bad customer service . the management was not helpful and didn ' t try to make us happy . management needs better training on servicing their customers .
2			they	sweet	i	delicious	they	savory	sprouts	hate	popovers	amazing			unbelievable . popovers are amazing ! even if you hate brussel sprouts , i dare you to order them ! they are incredibly sweet and savory ! i had the lamb , smaller portion than the filet mignon but so delicious !
2			feel	comfortable	brands	many	clothing	best	gals	awesome	store	cool	store	awesome	styles	many	prices	bad no			hands down the best workout clothing i ' ve ever tried in my life ! i ' ve tried many , many brands and these are the only ones that fit like a glove and still feel breathable , comfortable , and flattering ! there are so many styles and choices plus the prices are not bad at all ! i was actually on my way to athleta to buy some workout clothing when i saw the store and decided to stop in . after i left i definitely did not need to go anywhere else ! such a cool store and all the gals were awesome ! :
2			they	fun	prices	great	place	recommend	they	friendly	people	awesome			the guys at empire are really awesome people . they were so friendly and really fun to be around in general . paul , the guy who did my piercings , knew bis stuff . he told me exactly what i needed to know and made the whole process really comfortable . i would highly recommend this place to anyone who asks ! they have great prices as well which is always a plus ! i will absolutely be going back .
2			manicure	great	marc	awesome			marc is teh awesome . seriously . what a great manicure ! plus you can talk about artsy stuff and practice your korean language skills on him . yeah , uh huh , das right ! just go already .
1			cabana	safe	infinity	private	lots	gorgeous	seemed	organized no	lots	attentive	servers	good	experience	great	view	amazing	infinity	bad			overall great experience . can ' t wait to go back . here are some points good : gorgeous property lots of pool space amazing view of strip good food drinks cabana servers were really attentive lots of cabanas , day beds bungalow cabanas have private infinity edge pool bad : cabanas didn ' t have a safe bungalow cabana infinity edge pools are shared between 2 cabanas luckily we had it all to ourselves seemed a little disorganized a times cabana check in ; but probably due to being so new
1			salon	recommend no	room	private no	reviews	bad			so despite all of the bad reviews i had read , i decided to go here to get my eyebrows done . first , they waxed my eyebrows not in a private room but where people are getting pedicures . i was propped upright in a pedicure chair . second , the lady who arched my eyebrows made one significantly thinner than the other . i would not recommend this salon to anyone ever in life . do yourself and your eyebrows a favor and find somewhere else to go .
2			her	recommend	doll	absolute	what	like	doll	professional	doll	funny	doll	nice	it	bad	cut	amazing			last week my hairdresser really did a job on my hair . i had 4 or 5 different colors in my hair and he chopped it really bad . so i thought i would take a chance and make an appointment with jennifer , to my amazement she worked magic on my hair . she re colored my hair and did an amazing hair cut . she was an absolute doll very nice , funny and very professional . i finally found someone who knows how to ask you what you would like done and she does it even better . i would recommend her absolutely . thanks . sheri z
2			place	awesome			this place is awesome . so nice to have options for us locals . for years we had to settle for just m&m and coke , now we got my fav reeses . couple suggestions , samples and add more dark chocolate .
1			patio	great	i	hopeful	hopes	high	review	great	decorations	cool	brisket	ok	salad	good	they	cool	store	frozen	things	great	place	good	it	new	review	bad	i	wrong	i	sad	taste	bad			i was so hopeful to find a good bbq place . i heard great things about this place but wanted to wait until the lines went down from it being new . well , i am so sad . shared a brisket and a turkey sandwich along with sides of coleslaw , potato salad and a cobbler with my mom . there was a really bad propane taste to the turkey . the brisket was ok . not anything to rave about . the bbq sauce you add yourself at the table , which the spouts were clogged . now i really thought that they would have some good potato salad and coleslaw being a bbq place . i was very wrong . not homemade . tasted like any store bought deli products . ewe . i guess that i had high hopes for the cobbler . was kinda scared to try it after the salads . yep disappointed . i have actually had better frozen store bought . i hate to do a bad review but really if the food was better i ' d totally give it a great review . i think the whole concept they have is cool and the decorations are totally western bbq cool . even the patio for when it cools down would be great . but you don ' t go there for the decorations .
2			texture	rubbery	it	flavorless	food	horrible	texture	odd	salad	great no	texture	appetizing no	service	great	server	awesome			service was great . food was horrible . do not order any of the chicken dishes . it was flavorless & had a very odd texture rubbery & just plain not appetizing . the caesar salad wasn ' t even that great . my husband & i will not be returning to this establishment . the server was awesome though . very accommodating .
2			experience	awesome			took a group of 15 and the waitress just served us what she thought we might want . awesome experience . bacon jam has changed my life .
2			menu	small	i	surprised	restaurant	like	it	like	belly	like no	guacamole	tasty	roll	crispy	i	skeptical	it	good	people	cool	margarita	skinny	roll	good	place	great	dynamite	delicious	margarita	awesome			what a great place ! i wasn ' t sure if i was going to like a mexican asian fusion restaurant . i was skeptical . i ' m happy to report i was pleasantly surprised ! my friends told me that it ' s kind of like a tapas small plate menu , so we ordered a bunch of stuff & shared . first out was the bacon guacamole which was tasty . next out was tempura unagi roll which was good as well . it reminded me a lot of a las vegas roll . we also had the crispy pork belly roll which was different . it was pretty good , but i don ' t normally like pork belly . my friends really liked it though . i also ordered the lobster & crab dynamite which was delicious . for a drink i ordered the skinny margarita which was awesome . this is definitely a busy , where the cool people hang out type place & i can ' t wait to try more things off the menu .
2			people	amazing	staff	amazing			sales people and staff in the actual store are amazing . the phone end of customer support , service and repair and credit are no bueno .
1			guarantee	good	way	great	name	bad			this place turned me off ! i was approved for credit ! i went in to buy a washer and dryer . the price match guarantee is only good if the same product is in the competitors weekly ad ! what ? so i should pay $ 200+ more for your washer because you approved me for credit ? it ' s a scam and a great way to get a bad name .
2			colors	perfect	it	perfect	job	amazing			i recently had my hair done by suzanne , and i couldn ' t be happier ! ! most of my family and i have been going to her for 10+ years . she always does an amazing job for both men and women . i got my hair dyed this time . i sent her a picture of what i wanted ahead of time , and she went out her way to track down the perfect colors for the job . she really cares about her work and making sure it is perfect . again , i couldn ' t be happier about my hair . so glad she ' s at a salon right around the corner from my house !
1			i	disappointed	bar	worst			this is the worst bar i ' ve ever been to . i was looking forward to checking it out , but was extremely disappointed . it took ten minutes for us to be acknowledged , and when we finally were , i didn ' t even receive my drink at all . we were planning on ordering food , but couldn ' t get anyone to take our order . so after waiting for our bill for another twenty minutes , we left and will not be returning .
2			burritos	good	flavor	good	flavor	greasy	nachos	awesome			i had the nachos with carne asada awesome . bean and cheese burritos were good . beef taco was a tad greasy but good flavor .
2			desserts	delicious	pizza	amazing			the pizza here is amazing and the owner mike is very hospitable ! ! oh and you must try the delicious desserts ! ! !
2			place	love	joint	favorite	joint	new	toppings	many	everyone	friendly	everyone	awesome			we love this place ! my husband and i have been 2 days in a row . we love that you can add as many toppings as you want for one set price . and the lemonade is seriously to die for ! ! everyone was so friendly and awesome . we have found our new favorite pizza joint ! !
1			experience	frustrating	competency	bad	service	bad			never has customer service and competency been so bad never . wasted my time , money no apologies . no compensation . by the end of a frustrating two day experience , i simply cancelled everything .
1			restaurants	new	windows	huge	i	sorry	place	cozy	toast	fine	space	noisy	item	new	food	great	browns	amazing	hash	amazing	day	chilly	spot	bright	months	warmer	it	good no	food	spotty	tasted	odd	cut	great	feature	neat	taste	bad			after going here for breakfast on saturday mornings mostly , for months now , i ' m sorry to say we ' ve seen a decline . the food was great when they first opened , but now it ' s sliding backwards . the corned beef hash was sooo amazing for a couple of visits , but then even the owner , peter , said he didn ' t understand why it started tasting so dry and vinegary . oh , well . we ' d just find a new menu item , right ? i switched to the skirt steak , which is now a great cut of meat , but they always , and i mean always burn the outside . too much char in that broil for either of us . i found myself having to trim a lot of meat off just to get the black bits off . they taste really bad . so , today , we went yet again boyfriend is determined to make this place work , lol and i just skipped the meat items and had their normally amazing hash browns , their multi grain toast , and a couple of poached eggs . the hash browns were dry and over done , the toast was fine , and the eggs tasted odd . i think it ' s the seasoning they now use . not sure if the green in my eggs was cilantro or parsley , but it ' s not good for me . i always ask for the eggs poached hard and sometimes they are , or one is , or neither is . lol it ' s really hit and miss with the food now . and i am finding myself just deciding that i ' d rather miss the whole thing . the food issues are added to the continuing lack of sound buffering on the ceiling or floor or walls . when we first started going back in september when they opened , we cut them the slack all new restaurants should get they are working things out , right ? yet at eggstasy , they ' ve got tracks in the ceiling for acoustic tiles , but still no tiles . the cavernous loft layout , plus the house music i ' m not kidding , with nothing to absorb the noise makes for one deafening experience . plus , we were freezing more than usual this morning as it was about 46 degrees outside and they wouldn ' t turn the heater on , apparently . i asked , and the staff said the owner won ' t do it , ever . it is hardly a cozy place for breakfast on a chilly day . our server told us that no matter how cold it ' s been , the owner insists that their huge wall windows get rolled up by 9 am yikes . it ' s a neat feature during the warmer months , but not now . they were trying to do a patio service at the same time . brrrr ! so , we sat there chilly in a very noisy space , yelling back and forth , with sub par food . such a bummer . this place has potential to be amazing , but it ' s like they stopped trying . the one really bright spot left is the staff themselves . always cheerful even the brunette barbies that seat you . lol and professional . sadly , though , that can ' t make up for chill , noise , and spotty food .
1			dumpling	bad no	ive	worst			so bad . worst service ive ever had . wont try this ever ! the pork dumpling is not bad though
2			area	good	food	excellent	service	great	setup	excellent	food	amazing	options	many	spice	mild	it	love	portions	amazing	menu	friendly	gesture	kind	portions	huge	it	clean	value	great	food	dim	value	amazing	it	hard	one	new	itself	amazing			just came back from here today and loved it . location nice . off silverado ranch and bermuda , a lot of places near it and a good area of town . atmosphere cute . it was clean , i enjoyed the setup and the dim lighting food excellent ! there were so many options on the menu it was hard to chose , they also had a vegetarian friendly menu . huge portions , great value , and the food itself was amazing . food is spicier than most thai places , they warn you , so make sure you don ' t get anything over a 3 if you only want mild spice . service our server was great . very friendly , helpful and quick . my boyfriend was clearly struggling with his pad thai which was a level 5 spice but , we weren ' t going to ask for a new one or complain , but the server offered to make him a new one . it was a very kind gesture . will be back !
1			thing	good	they	busy	experience	bad	wait	long	people	many	it	love	it	tiny	leaves	good	drink	delicious	seemed	organized no	table	worst	it	bad	mall	new	drink	popular	food	ok	space	tight	thing	bad			this place was such a bad first time experience that i just had to write my first review ! ! ! first off when you walk in there ' s a wait just to put your name on the list . they put your first and last name in the system then give you a waiting pager . they seemed so unorganized like they didn ' t know what they were doing . the wait was an hour long so we decided to walk around downtown summerlin and check it out . . about 40 minutes passed by so we checked to see how much longer . they said about 4 more people were in front of us still so we waited some more . about 15 more minutes passes by so we check how much longer again and she said 2 more people were still ahead of us but since we were in there she ' ll just seat us . i don ' t know if that was a good or bad thing because if she let us cut in front of people imagine how many people she let cut in front of us ? ! so now that we ' re seated let me say she gave my boyfriend and i the worst table . it was so tiny right in between the bar and the bigger tables . we were so close to the family sitting on the side of us . the space was so tight the servers were having a hard time squeezing through to drop off and pick up food . now for drinks i ordered a white sangria . our server bragged about how delicious and popular that drink was and how i ' m gonna love it . . . then he comes back and says they ' re all out ! ! ! really ? ! got my hopes up ! so i went with the blueberry lemonade . . it was good super minty from the mint leaves . my boyfriend just got a stella . . nothing to mess up there . as for food . . the menu was on the pricier side . their pastas ranged from 20 30 $ 18 $ for some mac n cheese ! ! ! they have a sushi side of the menu too but i didn ' t order any sushi . my boyfriend got the crave burger and the fries tasted over cooked . the food was just okay . mainly went to check out the new mall and decided we ' ll stop by and eat there and it was just bad . they are the only restaurant open right now so i understand that ' s why they were so busy but they just seemed so unorganized . probably will give them another shot again like later later once they figure themselves out .
2			you	disappointed no	servings	generous	acai	best	service	great	place	amazing			this place is amazing ! they have the best acai and pitaya bowls in town . their servings are very generous compared to most places and they have great service . try this place and you won ' t be disappointed .
2			service	slow	food	bad no			the food wasn ' t bad , but it was incredibly slow service . it took forever to place an order and there was no one in line . i probably won ' t be back . . i can ' t stand slow service
2			addition	nice	set	love	desserts	amazing			nice addition to this part of town as a local its nice to grab some snacks on way to container park amazing desserts ! ! ! ! ! love the set up ! ! !
2			surprise	amazing	aioli	old	portion	small	it	crispy	server	helpful	food	amazing	looked	good	manner	timely	pit	beautiful	phoenix	cold	looked	great	flavors	amazing	soup	amazing	forge	unique	crust	awesome	tide	high	it	full	vermouth	sweet	course	main	forge	amazing			i don ' t even know where to begin ! food , ambiance , service , atmosphere , everything was above and beyond . we were shopping at the union and decided to stay there for dinner . place looked great but since we never tried their food we were not sure what to expect . and then what an amazing surprise the food was absolutely amazing . i had tomato basil soup , which was amazing . then for the main course i ordered baby octopus that was served with mashed potatoes , old bay aioli and breadcrumbs . it was out of this world . the portion was really small but you do not want plate of entire octopus on it just saying . my boyfriend had mushroom pizza with house made sausage , garlic and thyme . he was as well blown away . i had to have a piece because it looked so good and i didn ' t want him to eat entire pizza by him self . the crust was awesome . it was tender but yet crispy throughout . it was full of flavors . i had to pick sausages out as i do not eat pork but he said they were the bomb . drinks were to die for as well . we had ways&means bourbon , sweet vermouth , 2 bitters , maple and high tide gin , orange , lime , mint . they were very different from each other but flavors were amazing on both . service was just out of this world as well . our server was really helpful by explaining the menu , checking on us in timely manner and getting us exactly what we needed when we needed it . this is a kind of a place that i will keep going back to . they have a beautiful fire pit outside , which is perfect to have a drink by on the semi cold phoenix nights . thank you unique but absolutely amazing forge and crew , we will be coming back for sure !
2			style	plain	onions	tasty	choice	good	place	like no	basis	regular	favorites	plain	staff	friendly	gilbert	old	one	best	talk	small	it	good	they	outstanding	fries	chile	staff	great	place	favorite	style	simple	fries	aforementioned	ones	amazing			we have been to this location at least ten times , so obviously we are fans . we have tried almost every burger on the menu at least once . we have also sampled all of the side offerings . we always order a zucchini fries with a side of the truffle aioli that comes with the truffle fries . i am generally not a fan of vegetables disguising themselves as fries , but these are amazing . also , i am generally not a fan of $ 10 . 00 burgers and was pre disposed to not like this place . however , the burgers here are phenominal . we can usually split one burger and one side usually the green chile fries , but sometimes we venture out and try one of the others and it is plenty for two of us this is in addition to the aforementioned zucchini fries , of course . our favorites are the zinburger and the plain and simple i even splurged once and got the kobe style plain and simple it was very good , but not good enough to justify the extra cost on a regular basis . the onions on the zinburger are braised in zinfandel and very tasty . although i have not tried the turkey burger , i have been told by several folks that have tried it that it is the best one they have tasted . flavorful and juicy . you should always find out what the burger of the day is we have had some pretty amazing ones . the shakes are also phenominal although i prefer beer , i have tasted at least six different flavors of shakes and they were all outstanding . the staff is great . very pleasant and generally attentive . we did have one incident where our server apparently walked oof after taking our drink orders , but once the management was made aware they were on top of it immediately and stayed on top of it throughout our stay . the management staff is very friendly and they are always walking around checking things out and making small talk with the patrons . all in all , for a higher end burger place , this is a very good choice we can usually get out for under $ 30 . 00 for the two of us if it isn ' t happy hour even less during hh . this is propably my favorite place in old town gilbert .
1			i	like	hotel	packed	it	cold	it	freezing	taste	bad			hmmm let ' s see , we have a reservation a guys and of course the husband wanders off . i stop and ask where he is heading the casino . i shrug like whatever i ' ll wander with the kiddos . turn to walk away to get stopped by svete the rentacop . no kids in the casino ! oh no i reply we are going to the restaurant . no you and the kids have to go outside . i ' m like whaa ? the hotel is jammed packed with children walking the same areas no one is in the casino so why can ' t we go to the restaurant ? no children must wait outside . it ' s in the 30s and we are guests seriously ? . husband runs back like no no i won ' t gamble , we ' ll just walk on . no children need to go outside . that ' s where i ' m about done . i ask him if he realizes we are guests and it ' s freezing and since hubs is there he ' s is like oh no you can walk on . seriously ? ? i go to management and yep his name was carlos santana total double take he agrees it ' s cold and if the kids were able to move on it shouldn ' t be a problem . but outside is completely illogical especially when it ' s cold . regardless this place has left a bad taste in my mouth . the amount of people complaining before me should have given me a clue at the quality of service . staying at the cosmo
1			someone	caring	someone	personable	day	bad			if you don ' t mind or are used to being treated like you really don ' t matter or just another patient , this is certainly the place to go to . i don ' t know if she was just having a bad day , but the woman in scrubs at check in this afternoon 10 21 2014 was very smug and had a scowled look on her face . i was going to use dr . stein to perform a preventive screening colonoscopy and was told i would not be meeting him until right before the procedure . seems to me that if you are going into the doctors office to set up the procedure and paying the specialist insurance copay you would at least meet the doctor before . i really felt like they cared less about me personally and also my business . guess they have enough business looking at the parking lot and waiting room . i decided not to use them and opted to use someone a little more personable and caring . this place looks like it is run like a production line , herd em in and herd em out .
2			places	regular	location	new	location	minimal	oysters	delicious	flavors	interesting	combinations	wonderful	meal	terrific			i was so happy that passion8 relocated to elizabeth . i finally get to experience the flavors for myself . the new location is sleek and minimal , with lots of wood . our meal was terrific . delicious oysters , charcuterie to start , with the fish of the day and quail for our mains . all included wonderful combinations of interesting flavors . we will definitely make this one of our regular places .
2			beers	great	beers	local	serves	amazing	serves	bad no			lots of tvs to watch games . they have local beers , which is great ! lots of seating . looks way better then the iguana mack . serves is alright not bad but not amazing . chili atmosphere
2			shakes	amazing	service	decent	burger	amazing			amazing burger , amazing shakes would recommend . also pretty decent service i will be back
