2			stories	good	exercise	great	book	great			great book . great book for all ages . fun characters and good stories with meaningful can do workbook is a great exercise for figuring out your strengths .
1			family	poor	employer	former			the adventures of bullwhip griffin . starring roddy mcdowell & suzanne pleshette . a family's butler reunites his former employer's now poor family & makes a fortune himself . he finds a strenght he never knew he had .
2			it	important	tactics	simple	author	famous	book	great	tactics	quick			catchy title yes , but great content . i read this book a long time ago and immediately demanded every woman i knew read it . it's that important . and it's not just for women although , as the author sadly but correctly points out , they are the recepients of the most violence . de becker is a now famous author specialising in protection ; he speaks very authoritatively about it and from reading this and some of his other books , i can understand why he certainly has the pedigree and experience to do so . the tactics he proffers are simple and quick to implement . it requires nothing more fantastic than common sense which as we all know , isn not common ! altogether , this is a great book . read it and disagree , i dare you !
1			thumbs	major	it	painful	dialogue	bad	idea	good	skipping	major			how do they make money with this kind of drivel ? this movie was so bad it was painful to actors were stilted , the dialogue was bad , there was major skipping around to try to accomodate all that the books did . i wonder how the actors read the screenplay and thought this was a good idea . major thumbs down for i had gone to the theatre to see this i would have demanded a refund .
1			mr	poor	gore	poor			wake up . i have actually only read a few pages of this book because it sickened me so much . micheal may think that poor mr al gore or alberto , as he likes to refer to him , was robbed of his rightful spot . but the truth of the matter is that the right man is in the oval office . if mr moore had done a thorough research he would of seen how many thousands of men and woman who serve our american country were unable to vote because they never recieved a ballot . and who was in charge of getting them those ballots ? mr moore's wonderful poor misunderstood al gore . he was responsible for getting those men and woman there ballots and failed to do so . and you think he can run my country ! i trembled at the thought of what kind of trouble we would of been in if he had got into office . he is not for the american people or the american way of life . i thank god everyday for the fact that mr george bush is our president and not al gore . because all al gore wanted to do was take away our freedom .
2			focus	manual	it	compatible	shots	great	i	new			hard to use with nikon d 40 . i am new at this camera thing . i bought this to go with my nikon d 40 because it says that it's compatible with the camera . it does work with the camera but everything is manual focus with this lens . i guess the d 40 does not have some drive on it that other cameras do to make it autofocus . i can get some great shots with it , but it's all manual which is a lot of work ! i won not so much blame the lens . should have researched my camera more before i bought it . oh well , live and learn !
2			numbers	serial	history	nice	read	easy	book	great			serbian and yugoslav mauser rifles . an easy read , well laid out and infomative . lots of info on markings and serial numbers . a nice beief history also . overall a great book for the novice or the collector . i made my money back on the first yugo m 1924 carbine i bought . thanks branko !
1			widescreen	bad	piece	horrible			horrible bootleg piece of crap ! awful sound and picture . do not buy , amazon should not sell this cheaply made bootleg copy . even the widescreen is bad . looks like someone copied it off of a vhs tape .
1			it	worst	life	poor	collar	worth no	life	entire	batteries	hard	it	late			do not buy ! ! ! ! ! i have been around dogs my entire life and i purchased this remote trainer and it may be the worst i have ever used . the remote sensor on the collar is poorly designed . many times i had tried to correct the behavior but by the time it would actually recieve the signal it was too late . this collar is not worth the plastic it comes in . the battery life is poor , the batteries are hard to find , and do not use in the water / rain !
2			reading	easy	dialog	great			can not wait for the movie ! it goes and goes and goes . pure fun ! easy reading ; great dialog . pick it up , you won not put it down .
2			catalog	entire	album	best	vocals	best	song	least	song	great	debut	great			great debut . this album was released in 1978 and is their best album with david lee roth . the opening song is runnin with the devil , which is in my opinion has the best backup vocals from eddie and michael , the 2 d song is eruption , there are no vocals , just an amazing guitar solo from eddie , the 3 d song is originally sung by roy orbison , which is called oh pretty woman . the song jamies cryin is a great song to , but alex van halen said that is his least favorite song in the entire song catalog
1			people	poor	tank	hard			at 37 cents this book still costs too much . this is the bible of the republican party , excess , greed and stupid making the stock market will go up and up and up and up and the party will never stop ! glad i gots money and you don not . suck that poor people and by the way , you don not get health care either . funny now the geniuses that wrote this drivel will head up the george bush think tank hard to think when you brain is made out of avocado not to tarnish avocados , i love them . i hope they lost all their money !
2			way	good	reviews	great			this film soiled my psyche . i do not understand all of the great reviews for this film . it was the most disturbing , disgusting thing i have seen in a long time . at the end of it , i felt like i had been mentally molested . the characters were psychotic and not in a good way . boltie was a sick character . she actually rapes her mentor ! there is no way i would recommend this piece of garbage to anyone . in fact , i have gone out of my way to tell friends not to watch it unless they want their psyche damaged . before anyone accuses me of not understanding this movie , i happen to like dark comedies . i got what the director and actors were trying to do , but it just didn not translate as anything but disturbed .
2			feeling	great	relaxation	total			total relaxation must have cd . this cd is so realxing and delightful ! i have listened to it for years and it always gives me a great feeling . i listen to it at the destist's office , on airplanes , and i even had it playing as i gave birth to my daughter . loggins has a beautiful voice and the arrangements are the be st get this cd if you have a child or ever were a pretty much covers everyone !
2			country	great			a fever swamp . breezy writing can not cover up the hatred this woman feels for america . she would love to launch a war on bogey men liberals and in the process destroy the peace of our great country . borrow it from the library if only to learn what goebbels must have looked like to germans in 1933 she's playing with fire .
2			classic	great	video	great	afterwords	great			great classic . great video ! safe to use , not too intense . it gives you just the right amount of cardio , and you feel great afterwords .
1			content	good	design	bad	effort	extra			problem not solved . very good content . very bad design . what worries me is the ernest bettler issue pag . 202 2002 d . it makes me wonder how well researched is this book problem . so one has to make a an extra effort to re research it's content . but then again , any one with the desire to learn more will do that anyway solved .
2			movie	great	james	big			another great bond movie . the only movie by lazenby , australian actor , as apparently women cast did not enjoy working with him , plenty of action , chasing , bullets , another great bond movie , i am big james bond fan , loved it .
2			rd	good	keyboard	great			great keyboard , takes a bit to get used to . i love this keyboa rd i bought it for my home computer and i have loved it ever since . the only drawback , if there is one for this keyboard , is that it took a while to be able to remember what keys were on which side of the ridge that exsists in the middle . after i used it for about a week and a half , the muscle memory kicked in and now i can type fast with few mistakes . i would reccomend this keyboard to anyone who likes the style or is looking for form and function in a good keyboa rd
1			episodes	good no	episodes	good	problems	little	they	great no			very entertaining . i see a pattern in this series that i see in many series . the first two or three episodes , sometimes even a full season , are not as good when compared to later seasons . the early episodes are good but looking back on them now they are not as great as i remember . still worth watching though and if you have not already seen the full series you will not notice the little problems that i can you are rewatching start with season three or four . they were just learning about the characters in the first couple of seasons .
2			moves	advanced	addition	nice	workout	typical	workout	great			your heart will be pumping ! this is a great workout for anyone who has surpassed the typical step workout and needs a bit of a boo st this workout will push you to the limit and have your heart pumping and your body sweating profusely . this video is not for the faint of heart or the beginner . there is a lot of advanced power moves with lots of jumping and squatting . the moves can become a bit repetitive after a while , but definitely a nice addition to the home workout repertoire .
1			it	funny	reviews	bad	thing	important	colorization	suck			mike nelson rocks . we have all seen the movie and we all know colorization sucks , so the important thing here is mike nelson's commentary . i see a lot of people don not get it , but if you are into nelson's acerbic wit then you should enjoy this dvd . it does nothing to further your love foe notld but it's plain funny . so piss on all these bad reviews , if your an mst 3 fan , please realize , these people take themselves way too seriously .
2			lows	good	subs	great	bass	clear	buyers	new			great begginer subs ! this is a sub that is designed for first time buyers ! i got one as a christmas gift and was suprised at how good it sounds . i had it powered by a 1000 watt pyramid amp , clear crisp bass and it hits the lows good ! i would recommend it to new buyers !
2			album	great	it	horrible			do not buy . this is just horrible . what the hell happened . dont pay attention to those that say this is a great album . it is horrible , i cant stress it enough . and i only gave it one star because you have to give at least one . it deserves negatives for being a waste of my time
2			version	original	book	great			this is a great book . this book is not as well known as it once was , but it is a wonderful classic . the drawings are exquisite . the original version was illustrated by charles russell before he became famous .
1			ones	hard	it	fun	category	easy	editing	poor			lots of puzzles but poor editing . i am hooked on sudoku and it takes my spare time even if only a couple of minutes . which is why i rely on the categories , i usually expect easy to only take me a couple of minutes ; even with medium i don not need to take notes . unfortunately that is not the case with this set of puzzles . in fact , the very first one in the easy category wasn not that easy . but then some of the hard ones are actually easy . there are a lot to do and it will be fun . if not for the poor editing i would have rated it 5 stars .
2			addition	great	book	awesome			saved my life . book is awesome . it is succinct and came in handy , no thanks to a convoluted textbook . if you have to study for the mpc , this is a great addition . i should have read this more throughout the semester though .
2			updating	limited	places	new	turf	new	book	great			great book for the road warrior . extremely helpful for those arriving at new places around the world which are new turf . latest edition needs better updating . i bought it thinking that the verson from a couple years back would be updated , but the updating is somewhat limited . still an excellent resource for both the domestic and world traveller .
2			listenin	easy	music	great			easy listenin . one of the things i have always admired about tom petty is his uncanny ability to get the most out of every song . seriously , i usually chafe at stuff like yer so bad or a face in the crowd , and somehow , he makes it not only listenable , but enjoyable . part of it , of course , is that he never overextends himself ; you will never hear him belt or force anything . he doesn not have to . the music speaks for is a cool album in every sense of the word and great background music . just a few dull spots keep me from giving this a 5
2			wife	good	perfume	nice	perfume	soft	price	great			nice soft perfume . great price and fast shipping . not very strong and it's a good every day perfume formy wife . great for if you have a baby and you don not want to irritate their skin
1			turbo	small	production	poor			really ? ? ? up until now many reviews on this site have been o . k as such , but i bought this dvd based upon the reviews and what waste of money ! the production is poor , the plans of action poor . for example who would travel half way round the world to explore something in no mans land and go out in the blue yonder without topping up the gas tank . they had this almost out of gas stunt a few times over and showing you the team boarding a small turbo prop aircraft to travel from the usa to a pacific island ! leave it out , what a load of toffee . i figure the reviews came from the cast and crew . this just cannot be considered even amateur let alone serious . oh and boys , if you want to catch something on film in the jungle , shut up !
1			luck	good	support	terrible	support	poor			poor support especially for vista . go to their website and try to download a vista driver . good luck . go to their installation troubleshooting webpage and look for vista help . you won not find printer worked fine with xp , but it won not work with vista . online support is terrible . buy it at your own risk . i m rapidly souring on hewlett packa rd their one time reputation for quality is eroding fa st
2			price	easy	price	great			awesome , great price and easy to install . i have had it for a few days now , works flawless just like the day when my jeep was newawesome , great price and easy to install , absolutely no complaint .
2			things	suck	book	best	author	easy	fast	great	manner	informative			a refreshingly funny book . this is the best book so far that puts a funny twist to pregnancy in an informative manner . the girlfriends guide to pregnancy for the 2000 s . the author is quite easy to relate to , sharing the up's and down's pains and pleasures of pregnancy . quite informative , however , does not nearly cover all the possible topics that conceivably could happen month by month but who needs all that info when you can laugh about the things that suck ! ! a great fast read !
1			case	bad	gadget	best	stuff	original	action	live	seems	disappointing			make this gadget's last case . inspector gadget's last case claw's revenge is almost as bad as the both of the live action gadget movie . instead of an anti gadget as in the first movie , you have a so called crimefighter who tries his best to best gadget at his crimefightinga few things make this gadget incomplete . as much as i love maurice lamarche from pinky & the brian trying to step into don adams's gadget shoes . there is no one else that can do gadget like adams ! the script seems disjointed and disappointing . and penny is giving too little to do in this movie to save it all ! so dont get this and get the original gadget tv stuff with adamsbennet pomerantz audioworld
2			disc	worth	place	good	album	original	tracks	new	listen	great	eye	naked	greatest	underrated			decent pickings for the discriminating who fan . this disc is worth owning for the naked eye alone one of the greatest most underrated who cuts of all time . the original album was a great listen ; despite their varying ages , the songs fit together . it's a shame mca mixed up the order on this reissue . i guess that's what programmable cd players are for ! on the plus side , there are some gems among the new tracks , like the b side water and entwhistle's early take on cousin kevin . if you have got who's next , tommy , quadrophenia , and the early singles in some form , this is a good place to to start digging deeper .
2			conditions	easy	light	little	light	great			rear light . i like this light for the easy of attaching and changing the light setting depending on the road conditions . this rear light is one little great light .
2			filme	interesting	background	social	hardships	real	songs	great			gritty northern drama , but heartwarming . gritty northern drama , that inspires one . here the theme of going against the grain , of the value of being an individual and non conformist are celebrated . aside from that the filme was interesting in recounting the social background of the early 80 in the uk , of the real hardships the miners faced . great acting all the way round , strikes a gritty realist approach . one can almost taste the soot and coal dust in watching this film . great songs too .
2			easy	enjoyable	solutions	practical	read	enjoyable	things	practical	examples	clear	i	experienced	book	great			enjoyable , easy to follow introduction to practical js solutions without a library . i really enjoyed this book . granted , i m a big more experienced with javascript than the market that this book targets , but i was looking for a sort of re introduction to straight javascripting that is , without a library like prototype or jquery , and this book delivers . the examples are clear and easy to follow , and the author does numerous , very practical things all in all , a great book and an enjoyable read . david berubeberube consulting
2			dvd	new	release	new	version	excellent	commentary	great	quality	excellent			dvd version is excellent . the new dvd format release of this movie has just come out . the picture quality is excellent , and the bonus material includes a great commentary by the same narrator who did the other new dvd's of the universal holmes movies , david stuart sends chills up your spine to realize this was the first appearance of rathbone and bruce as holmes and watson ! they didn not even get top billing ! there are also some still shots and a movie trailer , but buy this for the picture and sound quality and davies's commentary .
2			text	wonderful	book	great	text	informative			nelson's navy the ship , men and organization 1793 -1815 . the text is wonderful and informative . the reason i gave it a four star rating instead of five is that i would like to have seen the illustrations in color , but don not let that stop you from getting this great book . as stated by patrick o brian in the forward of this book you name it , nelson's navy has it .
2			feels	good	track	odd	album	great	halen	new	track	available			odd title , but great album ! two years after the new van halen released 5150 ou 812 came . is that supposed to mean , oh , you ate one too ! one track from the album is odd itself . that's the acronym afu , with a period following each letter . i believe that's supposed to mean all f ed up . when it's love was a number one hit for a while . following hits include finish what you started and feels so good . a apolitical blues is a bonus track only available on cd and cassette . the song was at least recorded in a major . the album lists the songwriting credits as sammy , alex , mike and eddie .
2			deal	great			read the book for yourself ! so many people make the atkins diet to be what it is not . your carbs are not taken away permanently . they are returned to your diet in a controlled way . in fact , you are never without carbs all together ever during this diet . read this book for yourself . you will discover a great deal about your body and nutrition .
2			songs	great	musician	great	song	amazing	fan	huge	something	new	singing	amazing			francesca beghe . i have been a fan of francesca beghe since i heard her sing names on a wall on johnny carson many years ago . her singing and song writing skills were amazing . it perplexes me that francesca's talents have gone ignored for so long . peopleare still buying her cd online and are amazed by her versatilityand voice . being a huge fan of francesca & her husband ben green cd ben green 2002 asrc , who is also a great singer / writer / musician , i wish them nothing but the best and hope to hear more great songs from both of them . it's long overdue to hear something new from francesca .
2			movies	famous	movies	great			just look at that parking lot , larry . i won not go into a lengthy diatribe about the plot ; many have done that in other reviews . if you enjoy offbeat , great movies the coen's are famous for this type of movie that are dialogue driven and have subtle , often dark humor , you will love a serious man . we did . when the truth is found , to be lies , and all the hope wihtin you dies . . the airplane
1			movie	bad			reallllllllllllllllllllllly bad ! this has to be one of the most unexplainable successes of late . this movie is realllllllllllllly bad !
2			quality	nice	i	glad	look	great			nice quality . i bought these well over a year ago and they still look great . not worn out like at all . i am glad i bought these towels .
2			game	great	gamer	old			11 year old gamer . i think this is a great game . if your sonic and you jump twice with the fire shield you turn into a fireball . do that with the lightning shield and you jump extra high . all shields let certain attacks bounce off of you . finally do that with the bubble shield and you bounce of the ground . when your having fun playing just watch out for knuckles . i highly recommend this game to sonic lovers .
2			tape	great	packing	best			love it . wish they just had the refills though . they now longer make the refills so i have to buy the whold dispenser for the tape . best packing tape i have ever used becasue i don not have to fight for the end of the roll everytime ! ! great tape and so far amazon is the only place i can get it . thanks
1			guys	black	points	bad	lp	great	bad	bad	mind	nasty	tracks	best	points	good			eminem but with five black guys and just as much dumbassery . let's get something straight . the majority of the stuff that appears on this album is not to be taken seriously . then again when one member of this rap outfit is none other than eminem what do you expect ? there are good points about this album and there are bad , bad , bad points . i cannot listen to instigator without being bored or irritated . the fact is this the best d 12 tracks are all those that have eminem on it . the eminem less tracks lack the charisma and humour of tracks you would expect on the marshall mathers what am i saying ? it is a great lp . if you want a bit of fun , light hearted listening , some thiong to take your mind of work then this album is for you . ha ha they just said a naughty tracks pimp like me , purple pills , nasty mind and revelation .
2			strategies	different	situations	different	units	terrible	it	realistic	it	nice	editor	average	operations	military	graphics	good	game	great	story	real	tasks	different			great game , but not perfect . pros lots of variety between the 3 factions . versatile units perform many different tasks . different strategies are required for different situations . this is one of the few rts games where you actually have to strategize to do well . good graphics except for the water , which is terrible units , abilities , and super weapons are tons of fun to lots of juice to run . don not even think of buying this game unless you have at least a pentium 4 or equivalent processor and at least 256 mb of ram . there's no real story to the campaigns . it's certainly realistic for you to only be doing military operations but it would be nice to have more of a story . computer ai is not all that intuitive or crafty . map editor is clunky and harder to use than the average rts map editor .
2			record	real	song	great			a real good time record . a lot of people really like this record , but for some reason it doesn not work for me and i really , really like mr i thought wiggle wiggle was beneath dylan's work , though maybe there's a message there that is over my head . born in time is a great song , i just wish there were more like it on the reco rd it is produced well , maybe too well , because it's that raw sound that i have always loved about bob dylan . on the bright side there are a ton of guest stars on this album and it does sound that all bob wanted out of this one was a good time . yes , that's it , this record has a real good time feel to it . maybe i do get it , maybe that's all it's supposed to be about . four stars .
2			bag	great			great bag . the bag is great for a few things . i m a nurse and sometimes take it to work to carry supplies to and from work . i would reccommend this to a friend .
2			book	wonderful	manner	clear	book	great			great book ! this book is wonderful . i am taking a genetics course in college , and this has been a lifesaver . it does a wonderful job of teaching the material in a clear , concise , and organized manner . i highly recommend this product !
2			performer	best	cd	great			cobo is a revelation . i think ricardo cobo is the best brouwer performer in the world . technically great , but what feeling in his play . it is a joy to listen to him . as for the brouwer compositions . i love them . especially the interlude from concerto elegiaco which has a a lot of elements of etude simple number xvii . this is a great cd . a must for a all brouwer , and now cobo , fans !
2			option	next	option	best	display	great	product	fantastic			fantastic product . if hdmi isn not an option , component is the next best option . these cables provide great quality display from the xbox . highly recommended at this price .
2			magazine	ultimate	magazine	worth	photography	awesome			the ultimate magazine . this is a wonderful magazine for anyone interested in reefkeeping . the topics are discussed in depth and the photography is awesome . this magazine is worth every penny .
1			diet	different	purchase	worst			just need to figure out how to get my money back . this is by far the worst purchase i have made on amazon . i tried this for porbably 10 -15 days and didn not lose a pound . i am now doing a different diet and i have lost over 6 lbs . in less than 2 weeks . don not try this . just alter your eating habbits ! !
2			books	best	book	great			great book . this is one of the best books i have read in my life . gives a lot of background on egypt enjoy
2			person	right	doll	great			beautiful . that person's right . the name kianna is from a bratz doll . there's a fianna and a kianna . this doll's great but maybe they should change her name .
1			word	bad	i	sorry	one	good no	stuff	old	stuff	good			a bad word . i am sorry , this record is not a good one , compared to what aleman did in paris , this is plastic music , don not waste money on this one , buy his old stuff which is very good .
2			novels	great	protaganist	main	version	original	utopia	advanced			one of the great sf novels . this may have been the first sf i ever read . i am certain few others have ever topped it . note this is a 1956 expanded rewrite of the original version entitled against the fall of night 1953 clarke forms a world in the very distant future whose inhabitants live for hundreds of years on a ravaged planet earth in the oasis of the city . the city is an incredibly advanced utopia but an island of machines and somewhat bored main protaganist is the youngest member of the community who ventures out into a voyage of discovery and onto another community which has also survived the ravages of time . the reuniting of the two tribes of mankind each a distinct culture at opposite ends of the spectrum is problem and goal of against the fall of night . this is science fiction storytelling at its be st a great story and a must have for all fans of the genre .
1			quality	poor			beware ! illegal bootleg ! know that seller rarevideos 134 is seling bootleg dvdr's of this material . the r . i . a . a . as well as amaon has been notified but apparently looks the other way . in addition to cheap and poor quality , it is illegal .
2			key	usual no	lakes	great	stores	local			this cap , 10508 did not work for me . the cap worked very well , however , it came with only one key . with three drivers in our home , i needed 2 more keys . first i tried all the local hardware stores and none of them had the blank . they noted that it was an unusual 2 sides key , and that i should check with a locksmith . they all said they could make a one sided key and that those blanks were common . each one had their favorite locksmith , and i saw every one . they could not help me because of , no blank . each one said that they come from china , and they don not want to pay for american blanks , so they use their own . stant could not help me , nor could the supplier , great lakes wholesalers . i had to return your cap and buy one from pep boys .
1			effort	little	album	black	rhymes	worst	concerts	best	cd	horrible			damn , it should have been finished a while ago . disappointed . cheated . angry . thats how i felt when i finally heard jay z and kelly's second best of both worlds cd . jay's rhymes was the worst i have heard him do in a long time , kelly basically outsung the whole cd . it was sad , on top of that , it was just wayyy to commercial . it seemed like they put zero to little effort into it , and jay even admitted that . i went to the madison square concert the night kelly walked off stage , and it was one of the best concerts i have been to ever . i felt like i witnessed history , only because it showed how one performer r . kelly really proved that he was at the bottom of his game , while the other jay z pulled out his aces and performed a hit show , thanks to mary j , ja , and busta ! the cd is horrible though , get the black album instead , or wait and get nas streets disciple .
2			fighters	great	it	due			do not buy copy protected discs . as much as i may or may not like this album , it is irrelevant due to the music industry's sad attempt to lessen the blow of pirated music . i am one of the people who , if i enjoy an album upon hearing it , will buy the cd . i do not like having pirated music in my collection . i own more than 700 legitimately acquired cds and with my ipod , i have half of them available to me wherever i go . to be told how i am to listen to the music that i purchased is more than aggravating , and i will not be buying any copy protected cds . ever . it is a sad day that a band as great as the foo fighters will not make their way into my cd shelves . however , it may still find its way onto my ipod via a less scrupulous manner . i would have bought this cd had i been granted fair rights , but rights are harder to come by these days and this is my humble prote st
2			product	great	device	great			great device . this product is great . i have a xbox 360 and nintendo wii and i notice absolutely no signal loss from these two syste ms contrary to other reviews , there is not a loss in vsync when using the device . in most instances a screen tear has to due with the game itself and not the switchbox ie mass effect .
1			it	horrible	it	boring no	it	dumb	movie	worst	movie	worth no			probably the worst movie ever made . battlefield earth , starring john travolta , barry pepper and forest whitaker , is perhaps the worst movie ever made . it is completely boring , way too long , not action packed and did i mention extremely boring ! barry pepper was horribly cast and travolta and could you force yourself to do this ? this movie is not even worth renting . it is horrible , dreadful , and dumb .
2			production	great			sad . this show's sooo much cd doesn not show that . it's an ok cd , i can not simply give it a one because of the sense it's a great production . but with an old fashioned type of singing and style really dragged . the only thing i find unique is the cover ! i listen to it hardly ever ! i don not suggest this at all ! also , there aren not many mathew broderick one rules like i m talkin a 6 star ! buy that !
2			chargers	wonderful	deal	great			works perfectly ! the chargers in this bundle are wonderful because you don not have to constantly carry around an adapter ! they fit in perfectly and charge the mp 3 player very quickly ! i love the belt clip that comes with the skin , although it was tricky putting it on . you have to unscrew the round part and put it through the hole on the inside of the skin . this was such a great deal ! !
2			seat	adjustable	fall	bad no			best trike for the price . this trike is a life saver . my son at the time was 2 when he received it and he loves to ride it . i like it because the seat is adjustable and that he can pedal himself . the only problem that i did encounter was that when my son pedals really fast and decides that he wants to turn quickly it will tip over , but he is close to the ground , so the fall is not that bad .
2			book	advanced	level	advanced	i	lucky	it	great	they	simple	book	high	book	best	school	high			the best book if your english level is intermediate high or advanced . english is my 2 d language but i had studied math and science from elementary to high school in english and my college study for medicine was in english . i searched for toefl books and i was lucky to choose this one the book the cds although few reviews were there . but i can assure you that this is the best book if your level in english is not a beginner . i borrowed others books for toefl from a friend princeton , longman and they were very simple to the extend i felt silly studying from cds are very very good , the practice tests in the book it self are great and adds up to your language . i definitely recommend this cds the book for those with advanced level in english language .
2			insights	great	life	personal	approach	critical	account	great no	job	great			tale of a visionary . trying to capture the personality of steve jobs is a demanding , if not an impossible task . alan deutschman did a great job , the book is extensively researched and offers a number of great insights into the personal and business life of steve jobs . unlike jeffrey young , the author of icon , alan deutschman takes a more critical approach of the man and his accomplishments . however , he is not afraid to give credit when its due either , the book offers a balanced view of an enigma that is steve jobs . surprisingly , steve wozniak is only mentioned in passing , the credit for apple is given largely to steve . however , this shortfall is offset by the great insights into the beginnings of pixar and the evolution of next . not he second coming is a great account of a captivating personality a recommended read .
1			looks	good	grinder	worst	rating	appropriate	chunks	large	arrangement	good			absolutely pathetic . this grinder looks good on the counter and has a good cover / lid arrangement . unfortunately it fails abysmally in its task of grinding coffee . large chunks of beans still remain when time and heat a grinding no no have reduced some of the coffee to very fine granules . definitely the worst coffee grinder it has ever been my misfortune to own . avoid at all co st a zero star rating would be more appropriate .
2			experience	great	it	great	points	right			can not ask for a better way to get points . i bought the 1600 just to make sure it worked . it was great . i made the quick purchase , and in about 45 seconds i had a code on my screen to enter into xbox live . redeem code , entered it in , 1600 points were right in my account . $ 0.25 plus tax ? time i m definitely going with the 4000 points for the larger savings amount . great experience ! edit uh oh . they upped the price back to retail . bummer . you still may be tax exempt depending on where you live and you can forgo going through microsoft's system to purchase points , but now it's less 2 and they are back to $ 19.75 again . i would say wait for the favorable price , then buy away
2			series	great			book review . this is a great series . it makes me realize who much i appreciate my family and life . i couldn not put it down . can not wait to read the rest of the series .
1			presence	entire	selection	poor	sense	real	quality	high			pompous photographic works not capturing the space experience . i have purchased several books about getty center for my design research . overall design of the architecture is , with no doubt , a masterpiece . however , the pictures in this book are dead , out of context , no night pictures , no interior pictures , with no scale senses . i mainly blame the photographer / editors for their poor selection of their pictures are in high quality , but edited to remove the real sense of the presence . not even showing the entire presence of the building that you can find even from google satellite picture . i still recommend anyone to visit la , visit getty center and your experience or any picture you take there will be 5 -10 times better than what you see in this should just sit on your coffee table to flaunt your architectural taste , but not for the architects .
1			brother	bad	counsel	bad	i	tired	person	mysterious			is brother really that bad ? i am not sure if it was just the hired help for christmas or if the tech support team is actually as incapable as my experience proved to be . my tech support person wouldn not release a confirmation number for me until after over an hour of waiting for him to put me on hold at least seven times while he continually attempted to get bad counsel from some mysterious person . i eventually asked him to get tier 2 tech support on the phone for me as i was tired of this circus act . i was denied . i was then put on hold again before being told that someone else would call me within a day . this has not yet happened . i would have purchased an hp wireless laser for christmas instead however , they stopped making them . only deskjets . why , hp ? why ?
2			dilemmas	international	books	dry	books	boring	explanations	good	i	impressed	suppliers	foreign	me	interested	book	great			great book , couldn not put it down . james foley has written an excellent book ! most books covering business topics are dry and boring . this book has kept me interested in the area of global business . good explanations and it flows well from subject to subject . i m an engineer and this has helped me understand our international dilemmas in our company as well as helping me in my travels and dealings with foreign suppliers . i got this book through my mba class and was so impressed i went to one of mr foley's lectures . a must for your collection !
1			dream	bad			the reality of a country that is nowhere bound . its sad that this island lives day by day without any future agenda in mind . there is no such thing in cuba as communism , they broke the mold a long time should be called castrism . you ask any cuban citizen where will they be 5 years from know and they look citizens on this island have given up on life and hope , its like a bad dream that they hope will end one happened in 59 shall never happen again .
2			songs	great	evenings	romantic	way	young			awesome 70 s tunes ! karen carpenter died way too young . she and richard made beautiful music together . great love songs for romantic evenings , break ups and falling in love .
2			cd	good	daddy	cool	cd	great			good , yet , not . puff daddy is cool and knows how to arrange a good cd , but he doesn not have any nog his own stuff . note the lack of songs where it's him rapping by himself and then look at who you are saying did the cd ! it's all other rappers , and , even though it says puff daddy and the family , puff daddy's given all of the credit . it's still a great cd though , when you get past that , at lea st
2			sound	great	things	good no	album	great	they	funny	job	good			strike again ! great album for all aqua fans ! well probably i cannot say that i have favorite bands , better if i say that i have favorite songs , and of course aqua songs are among my favorites ! they are funny and cheerful and make you have a nice time . no serious things , but doesnt mean they are not good . great sound ! good job !
2			bones	great	energy	high			nylabone rocks ! these are great for dogs with high energy or aggressive chewers . they don not break intosmall pieces that could turn into choking hazards . great bones . i have been buying thesefor years and will continue to buy them
1			writer	poor	number	enormous	movie	superior	example	classic	acts	foolish	hopes	high			unbelievably contrived . i can not believe how ridiculous this book is . although the author can put sentences together well , his plotting is absu rd the plot twist on page 250 was obvious around page 20 or so . the protagonist commits an enormous number of foolish acts . a plot device on page 300 is the classic example of the deus ex machina of a poor writer or , since it involves a religiously motivated suicide bomber , perhaps it is a machina ex deus , either way , it is unworthy of a literate thriller . i approached this book with high hopes . unfortunately they were dashed quite the way , the movie was superior . it cuts out the flab and makes it a taut , gripping thriller .
2			books	great			disappointing . i thought this book offered few insights and spent too many pages glorifying the author's leadership successes . caveat i have not read many leadership books and perhaps have been spoiled by great books from jim collins and patrick lencioni .
2			album	great	programming	regular			another compress re mastered great album , in only . just like a tv commercial only you don not get to go back to the regular programming . it is all loud or if you turn it down to low on the solo singing . oh , well . i guess anything re mastered is a loss today .
1			instructions	bad			bad instructions installed , doesn not work . the instructions were so bad i went to the net , expecting something better . nope same stuff . there is a white plastic part that covers the screws for the battery . not shown in the instructions . once i got it together and istalled doesn not work . the night light is super , fan doesn not work .
2			character	main	movie	great	figure	powerful	thrill	great	class	senior	brother	big	bale	great			mr yochum's 5 6 senior english class . mr yochum's 5 6 senior english class . i thought that equilibrium was a great movie . there was a lot of action in the movie . i thought that christian bale was great in this movie . i also found his character john preston to be very interesting . i found many similarities between this movie and the book 1984 by george orwell . for instance they both have a figure that is all powerful whether it is father or big brother . furthermore in the movie and book the main character ends up having feeling which in there societies they are not suppose to have . also in the book and movie there are children that work for the government and turn adults in for not following the government's beliefs . the only difference between the two is that in the book the government wins , but in the movie the government is overturned . lastly , i found the movie to be a great thrill .
2			cheese	great	it	hard			cheese topping . this is a great powdered cheese topping for popcorn and garlic bread . it has been hard to find at the grocery stores .
2			reduction	good	wires	thin	pair	new	seemed	great			good at first but not durable . i did my research and the etymotic er 6 seemed great . when i bought them they worked beautifully full sound and good noise reduction . but then one side quit working on me suddenly . i thought i might have handled them too roughly the wires are really thin and it's tempting to pull them out by the wires . so i faulted myself and bought a new pair since i liked the sound so well . this time i was super mindful of the thin cord and carefully removed them from my ears . nonetheless , one side quit working yet again this time after only six weeks ! will not go with these again .
1			product	bad	color	clear	smells	bad	it	clear			baddddd . the product is bad and to make it clear on what exactly is writen on the box i recived on the top of the back of the box it says in a clear green color for entertainment use only and on the bottom side of the back of the box it says in black this product should not be sold or promoted as an ear candle . it is for entertainment purposes only and should not be used or sold as a medical device and is not regulated or evaluated by the fda also it smells very bad and as a customer i have all the right in the world to say how i grade this product ! !
2			shipping	free	balls	good	i	surprised	price	great	feel	good			good golf balls . great price for this many golf balls . i was surprised how well these balls perform under playing conditions . the feel was good and they hold up well for the novice player . shipping was free as well .
2			release	great	one	good no			just as i remember the cassette i wore out . glad i found this cd . this one is not quite as good as the contagious release but it is still a great release from y&t .
1			songs	greatest	it	political no	bullets	bad	day	good			cause shotgun bullets are bad for ya health . . ice cube's music career was at a fever pitch in 1992 with the dissolution of n . w . a , there would truly be noone in his way as he claimed the top sopt in rap as evidenced in the preadtor debuting at 1 on the charts . it's not as political as amerikka's most wanted or incendiary as death certificate , but still great to listen . some of the highlights are some of hip hop's greatest songs ; there's wicked beautifully covered by korn on their life is peachy album , check yo'self featuring das efx , which i quoted in this review's title and the remarkable it was a good day , which still brings a smile to my face and a tear to my eye now with this album's re release which includes remixes and rare b sides , you have even more incentive to buy this !
2			product	great	it	comfortable	week	old	shape	great	nap	little	gift	great	chairs	different	pillow	soft			a great product ! we got this to support our arms while bottle feeding though it seems to be known for breastfeeding it is helpful to us bottle feeders as well . the unique shape is great because it can be turned to be comfortable for different sized people and different height chairs . also , our 2 week old loves to lie in it . it keeps him snuggled and supported and it gives our arms a break now and then ! the pillow is so soft that sometimes when i snuggle with him in it that both of us take a little nap ! it is a bit pricy that's why it's 4 stars and not 5 , but it makes a great gift !
2			month	old	neck	little	product	great	powder	regular			irritated my 3 month old . i usually don not buy products when they first com out , but i thought this one was a great product . my three month old , like most other babies , has quite a few skinfold on her little neck , where moisture collects , and irrates the skin . i usually use regular powder , but am always worried about that , since i have heard it being harmful when inhaled . so , as soon as i saw this liquid powder i have bought two bottles . the first time i used in on my three month olds neck , she seemed very irritated and cried a lot . i have washed it off and she stopped crying . i thought it was a fluke . i used thi powder three more times over two weeks and every time she cried until i washed her neck . so , if you decide to use this on your child , watch closely for signs of irritation .
2			headphones	good	headphones	normal	it	great			good headphones . everyone's heard of the expression you get what you pay for . however , in this case , you actually get more than you pay for . these headphones are surprisingly better than i thought they would be . the in ear design makes it great for excessing because the headphones stay in your ears better and it cancels out sound better . the only flaw i could find with this product is the fact that the cord is actually a bit longer than normal headphones . some may find this to be good ; although , i think that too much cord is just more to worry about .
2			story	best	i	glad	life	great			love it . i just want to say that this is the best animated story ever made . and i am very glad that they have finally put it out on if we could just get indiana jones out , life would be great .
2			editions	great			come on . the versions released a few years ago of vertigo and rear window are great widescreen editions . it doesn not include to catch a thief or north by northwest the one they really need to restore . i won not be purchasing , what a joke
2			seems	durable	parts	hard	product	great	paint	durable	detail	special			quality product . this paint was purchased to apply a matching finish to neutral bits and pieces on a buell motorcycle . the color is a near perfect match to the blue annodizing on several existing parts of the bike . its hard to tell the annodized parts from the painted parts when applied over silver parts or a silver base . so far , the paint seems to be extremely durable . a great product for that special detail !
2			practices	current	apple	great	feature	constant	job	good	that	suck			apple screws me for first and last time . well , i got the laptop on time from amazon . good job by , now to apple . it's not even 1 month after i bought the thing and they upgraded it . that's lousy . i heard that upgrading a computer and selling it for the same price without warning is a constant feature of macintosh computers . than a month of use and already there is a memory , wireless , and video upgrade ? that just plain sucks . how about charging more for more ? hello if you like losing keep up your current practices . i changed my mind from buying a pc for this mac i will never do that again . back to pc's for me . great policy apple !
2			events	great	tactics	military	effects	special	acting	weak	events	special	plot	weak			pure hollywood special effects movie . visually it's a stunning movie . special events are great plot and acting are weak . storyline is disjointed and military tactics and protocol is non exsisted . liam is barely in the movie which i don not blame him for , i wouldn not want to be in the movie either . find something better .
2			album	perfect	singer	great	heights	new	cd	new	voice	amazing	sparrow	little			little sparrow soars to new heights . dolly parton has once again proved her self as a great bluegrass singer and songwriter . dollys voice is amazing on her new cd ! her last album the grass is blue was a brillant album , but dolly has surpassed that with little sparrow every song she sings , she gives it her best , such as the beautiful spooky haunting mountain angel song . dolly paints a vivid image with all 14 cuts on this album . this album is perfect in every way . if you loved the grass is blue you will love this cd even more ! and if you havent already got the grass is blue please pick up both these albu ms bluegrass music has finally found its queen ! !
2			it	worth	storyline	great	impact	high			awesome impact , awesome message . great storyline with high impact on those who watch . it is worth every age watching it . i highly recommend it to singles and families .
2			loss	great	thoughts	mixed			staedtler r multi -4 tm multipurpose writing instrument . i have mixed thoughts about this is extremely useful to have a pen and pencil in one instrument and that fact outweighs my reservations about it which are .1 the pencil has a tendancy to malfunction because the cone may come loose .2 the .05 lead breaks rather easily though one can get used to this , and the finer lead has the advantage of making a fine mark .3 the highlighter on my instrument doesn not work at all no great loss . all that said , i would probably buy another one . this is the second staedtler that i have bought and the third instrument of its kind the other was a rotring .
2			i	disappointed	it	great	tug	little			not for frequent use . i want to love this blanket so badly , but i just can not . this throw is triple layer which means that the first layer is orange , the second is white , and the top layer is navy . so when you are only looking at the front of the throw , it's great . but turn it around and it is bright , bright , orange . i machine washed this on gentle after receiving it and noticed some stray pieces of yarn in the dryer . didn not think much of it until , after barely using it on our couch for two weeks , i have started noticing threads pulling out from all over the thing . i mean , you can seriously grab a thread from one end , give it a little tug , and the whole thing will come out . i am so disappointed as this was a gift for my husband and i feel like it could have been so much better . i feel like it is too delicate to be used regularly . i recommend looking at the fleece throws instead . i would buy one in a heartbeat if i could get my money back from this one .
2			quality	highest no	deal	good	quality	great	stereo	great			great stereo for the price . although it isn not the highest quality , it's a good deal for $ 30 great sound quality and the blue light is soothing .
2			pastor	best	charles	amazing	book	unbelievable	charles	awesome	book	short	book	powerful	it	hard			dr charles stanley god is in control is awesome , amazing & uplifting ! this book is such a powerful book . a short book that get straight to the point and impact is unbelievable . once you start it is hard to stop . even after you read it the first time you want to read it over & over again . dr charles stanley is one the very best pastor's to deliver the truth of god's wo rd i have been a christian for many years but have always struggled with turning it all over to god and this book opened my eyes and gave me insight as to why . i am passing my book around to loved ones so they can see the light !
1			i	sorry	book	worst			worst book ever . i was sorry i ever picked up this book after only a few minutes of reading . by the midway point i figured nothing could redeem it , but still read on intent on seeing if the ending would make me like this story . i was sadly disapointed by the lack of brains on the part of the characters . i have never came across two characters so badly written . i will never read another book by this author again .
2			smells	great	smells	nice	i	glad	smells	sweet	kind	different	price	good	smells	good			smells great . i have always wanted to try pink sugar and was glad to have found it on amazon at a good price . it smells as good as i imagined , nice and sweet but not childish , although it doesn not last more than a couple hours on me . i would recommend it to anyone who wants a different kind of scent .
2			movie	available	fan	big	gun	big	dvd	fine	commentary	great	him	loose			i think jills just ripped me off ! being a big fan of director anthony hickox , when i saw this movie was available on dvd , i immediately purchased it . however , gone is the trademark hickox style , eschewing his past waxwork style in favour of a more downbeat work . i secretly hoped it would move along like his movie payback , but no , it just ambles along from one scene to the next . however , hickox's commentary is great . . funny and sincere . dolph lundgren seems to be lost without a big gun or someone to hit , and one only wishes that hickox would let him loose with a bazooka or something . the dvd is fine , with a crisp picture , and hickoxs direction is as stylish as ever . i hope that he will embrace the dvd format further , as i would like to see commentary's on all of his movies . now , do i buy the other hickox / lundgren movie storm catcher . only time and my bank balance will tell . .
2			person	nice	recipes	great	cookbook	good	book	great			great book . i enjoy her show and she has a good cookbook and she is quite a nice person as i met her once and so she really is the fun sweet gal we see on tv and she has great recipes and i have never disliked any i have tried .
2			eyes	young	read	great	you	interested	plot	great			one to keep you interested for hours . i couldn not put this book down ! it had a great plot and wonderful characters . it was a beautiful example of the war through a young girls eyes . if you like adventure and emotion you will love this book . this book really made me think about the simple joys of life . above all it was a great read !
2			it	heavy no	ones	expensive	i	awesome			hoover u 55607 -900 elite rewind bagless upright . this vacuum works great . it works so much better then expensive ones that i suction is awesome . it's not to heavy . would recomend it to anyone who has athritis , because of how you can adjust the handle .
2			wrestling	realistic	waste	total	they	thick	bookends	great	they	useful			buy two makes great bookends ! one thing that i can say about kevein phillips books is that they are thick and very useful . i would buy two copies , they make great bookends . or can be used as a doorstop . or can be used to swat maggots or cockroaches . very versatile book far as the content inside as some other reviewers have indicated , if you enjoy reading tabloids and other trash , then you will enjoy this book . if you want facts or reality , then you will find more reality watching pro wrestling than by reading this trash by phillips . actually , i think that pro wrestling is more realistic than the idioms perpetrated by phillips in this more entertaining too ! it's your money . your choice . i would spend it elsewhere . anywhere but on this trash . total waste of money .
2			quality	emotional	song	accessible	art	great	radiohead	new	quality	compelling	tone	rich			don not be a worrywort ! as most fans of radiohead know , knives out is their most accessible song from either kid a or amnesiac . it is also one of their most hypnotic . i love the new radiohead , as some people find them , and the way they have repititive , tone rich , and haunting songs that really convey the emotion they are trying to produce . knives out is a perfect example of this absorbingly monotonous sound . worrywort is also a fine example . this is a song that could have been on ok computer , simply because of the song quality , which is very emotional and pretty compelling . i also think that if radiohead would have put this song , kinetic and fog on amnesiac , replacing pull / pulk . and hunting bears , that it would have been recieved in a much more congenial way . as one might have assumed , fog is another radiohead gem that missed the final you like cool radiohead tunes and great package art , consider buying this single .
1			material	good	color	great no			croscell spa leaf fingertip towel . not very good material wouldn not buy it . white is also not a great color for use with people wiping their hands .
2			book	best	names	great	novel	current			bloody , brutal but the best ! from the moment the book begins , with the reference to hickey dewey of detroit who called his shirt a shoit and personville poisonville to the last words in the last chapter , this is probably the best book in any genre of writing ive read . even the chapter names are great . theres enough gore in it for the blood thirstiest reader and enough class for professors of english literature . read this and any current action novel will read like a mills & boon romance !
2			styles	additional	it	easy	advice	great	it	different no			animal owner and bookkeeper . ok , because i live with 2 dogs and 2 horses i do not get much feedback from a non furry species . but actually , this is great advice for communicating with anyone or anything . reading this book reminded me of my favorite horse trainer , she said make it easy for your horse . so , it is pretty much the same for people find their communication style and go with it . adding additional styles of communicating and knowing your audience is good for all . even though i would rather talk to the animals , this book helped me realize it is not so different . thanks marian
2			meaning	clear	style	smooth	writer	great	reviewer	previous	narrative	compelling	boy	positive	author	young			a potentially great writer and his failed novel . roman gensis has the potential to be a great writer . he can clearly craft a narrative that is compelling , his style is smooth , his characters have depth . as noted by a previous reviewer , the copy editor should be fired . the text is filled with spelling and grammer errors . more importantly , the author chooses to add another volume to the long history of tragic gay boy novels . when the young author was still a child , this was the only type of novel about gay youth that could be published . the hidden meaning was clear the universe ground gay boys under its heels in punishment for their deviation . today we have positive or at least balanced portrayals like bob meets boy and rainbow boys . the author may view his attempts a advocacy in the novel as redemptive . the tragic ending overwhelms any sense of redemption . at a time when life is already overwhelming to them , youth should be steered well clear of this dark tome .
2			christmas	best	product	great	reading	little	pictures	great	software	easy			the best christmas present . i got this camera from my husband for christmas , and after a little reading , i was using it like a pro . it's my first digital , and i love it . the software is easy to use , and it couldn not be simpler to download the pictures from the camera to my computer . the pictures are great , very clear . the rechargable batteries are a mu st if you want a fantastic mid priced digital , this is it . olympus makes a great product . i have one of their 35 m's and the digital did not let me down !
2			photos	great	book	light	amount	significant	looks	great			martha stewart of raw foods . great photos , but all fluff . this book looks great , but is very light on instruction . this is probably the most complicated recipe book i have ever used . some recipes reference 2 -3 other recipes that have to be created first , each of them require a significant amount of work and time to sprout and dehydrate . you also have to experiment on your own dime to make sure the recipe is going to work because of the lack of instruction .
2			worth	great			orn on kindle a dismal flop . a great book worth 5 stars easily is totally ruined by the formatting mistakes or rather , lack of formatting and the amazing number of misspelled words in it thus the one star rating . apparently , it was done by someone who doesn not know how to read or how to format sentences or paragraphs . extremely disappointing . i hope piers lays into whoever did this .
2			movie	awesome	up	good	movie	next			still waiting for an collector's edition . this is c&c's funniest film ever . up in smoke is really good and establishes the duo's place in the cinema , but next movie is just plain awesome . i was planning to buy this dvd , and still intend to do so , but was a little disappointed that they did not include any footage of the deleted or alternate scenes . those of you who saw the would iamonds version on comedy central years ago know what i mean . there were some extra or extended made for tv scenes that really filled the movie out like this is an epic picture like gone with the wind , war and peace or willy wonka and the chocolate factory . still in all , this one is a purchase .
1			something	stupid	acting	bad			horrendous . anybody that would sit through something so stupid like this movie should be shot . i was not one of the other losers i have what they called taste in movies in this day and age and this is just flat out retarted . its also a shame i have to give this movie 1 star it makes me feel as though i support this shi in a way . i just wonder if the acting in it could be half as bad as the movie or the ploti wouldnt watch this if i was paid , wake up america and today's youth
1			production	bad	idea	new	quality	good			bad production . the dvd quality is good , but the production of this story is bad . the producer and directors need to come up with new idea and techniques to make movie
2			potential	enormous	toy	great	i	excited			great toy for parents too . my son received this toy for christmas 2001 at the age of absolutely loves it ! he carries it around w / him , and at bedtime he uses it as an excuse to delay sleepy byes . i think this toy has enormous learning potential . he rearranges the gears all the time , and if it gets stuck , he usually figures out which one is causing it to stop . he doesn not always enjoy me helping to move the gears , so sometimes , after he has gone to bed , i play with it myself , just a little . the only setback i have had with this is that it quit working shortly after he got it . the center driver wouldn not always spin , and it wouldn not spin all the gears at once , just a few at a time , but i had grampa take a look and fix it . ps i am very excited to learn that there is an add on , gearation amusement park , to go along with this set . great toy !
2			humor	little	films	previous	series	awesome	ends	loose			boring waste of time , not like the first three . what a boring waste of time . the ad said it was a rollicking adventure , and after the first three movies in the series , which were all awesome , that is what i expected . but it was not to be . unlike the first three movies , there was almost no action , very little humor , a lack of several of the characters we had come to know and love in the previous films , and then the ones in this film had little to no motivation to be doing what they were doing . and then at the end , you are left with several unanswered questions and loose ends and no hope of a sequel . even if there is a sequel , i won not waste my time .
2			form	dramatic	book	great			two books on dr faustus for the price of one ! it is just so convenient to have both the 1604 a text of marlowe's drfaustus bound with the english faust book . it is in that sense an ideal undergraduate text enabling students to make proper comparisons with a source and thereby to see how marlowe has rendered the narrative into dramatic form . and anyway the faust book is great fun in editorial material , introduction and notes are also thorough and valuable though in part they might be said to favour someone who has existing knowledge of other editions and writings on finally , for price , it is perfectly thank you to david wootton and the hackett publishing company for providing such usable materials .
2			story	great			timeless classic . i saw this movie years ago , when it first came out . it has since become a favorite . great story full of romance , fun , intrigue , and lessons learned about love and life . excellent movie i would recommend anyone to see . both the young and young at heart , boys or girls , will enjoy this movie .
2			works	nice	listeners	classical	lots	great	piece	worth	ones	famous	price	best			more for classical listeners than you might expect . this is a great reco rd lots of quirky pieces by little known composers and nice works by more famous ones like grainger and martinu . the martinu piece alone would be worth the price of the whole writing for theremin is the best i have ever heard and the piece as a whole deserves to be better known . clara rockmore's music sounds deadly dull next to these pieces .
2			wait	long no	series	greatest	release	additional	release	final	way	great			release announced for columbo mystery movie collection 1991 ! ! ! i own all of the columbo dvd releases by proudly occupy my dvd library as some of my absolute best in my quality of content and quality of the dvds themselves are top has just been officially announced that universal plans to release the columbo mystery movie collection 1991 -1993 set on february 8 a great way to start the new year , enjoying columbo ! ! thanks so much to universal for the release plans . after that , only one additional release of columbo will be left . i hope the wait will not be too long for the final release , so i can complete my collection of the greatest series ever made ! !
2			writers	various	horror	great	english	modern	wish	nice			great 90 s monster / horror / flick . umm , they are in 9 h century arabia what kind of english modern or otherwise should they speak ? highly entertaining , although not too original . some nice wish twists , and divoff's screentime as the djinn's human incarnation is kept to a minimum unlike the sequel . tammy lauren is an interesting heroine , and jenny o hara overacts like crazy . there's no nudity surprisingly but lots of gore . if nothing else , have fun looking for all the horror actors in minor roles , and the references to various fantasy writers beaumont , finney , lieber .
2			season	current	it	right	show	great			jack rocks . after hearing all of the hype about 24 me and my wife decided to do it right and start at season one before watching any of the current season . jack and the gang get you hooked quickly , and we haven not been able to stop watching . we have finished season one , will soon finish season two and seasons three and four are on their way via amazon . this show is great , we can not wait to get home and watch more .
2			it	right	i	glad	career	musical	collection	great	it	long			please , let get it right . first , this is a great dvd collection of some truly amazing van halen stuff . it's only an hour long , but the collection is a very well thought out and executed program , chronologically tracing their musical career , and spanning through all three lead vocalists david lee roth , sammy hagar , and gary i have got a bone to pick with other reviewers come on , there's got to be some people out there that know what they are talking about . everyone needs to stop abusing gary cherone . he is a truly talented singer , well worthy of the company he keeps . van halen iii bombed for a lot of reasons , but as we all know , it's easiest to blame the lead vocalist look at your own band . these people need to listen to pornograffitti . then i will take their cherone opinion with more intere st i mean look at the shoes he had to fill . i m truly glad that he didn not try to sound like hagar and roth , and sounded like cherone . that in itself commands a lot of respect .
1			mix	final	albums	bad	start	bad	listener	new	recommendation	previous	album	great	disaster	total	yngwie	careful	album	good	it	disappointing	stuff	good			whaaaaaaaaaat is this supposed to be ? ? ? after alchemy , which i thought was a great album , this is a total disaster . i expected more , after the kick that alchemy was for me . i thought the bad yngwie albums were far , far man , this was too much for me . i thought the album sounds repetitive and mark boals sounds worn , what was worst , the final mix is horrid ! ! you would think a guy like yngwie would be more careful with production aspects , but what was shown in this album made me think the guy was in some kind of rush to release , no , numberi wouldn not recommend would be a bad start for a new listener and it's disappointing for malmsteen fans of is just for rabid malmsteen fans , who maybe would think it's a good album , leaving aside the sound of the final mix . i don not think 's a waste of time and a waste of money . follow a previous recommendation and better get yourself symphony x's v , or the divine wings of tragedy . get good stuff for your money .
2			toy	great	cones	tasty	taste	good	toy	good	cones	fun	cones	delicious	quality	high			a high quality toy . the spnogebob snowcone maker is a great toy . the snow cones are very fun to make and also taste very good . the snow cones were delicious , tasty , and scrumdidlyumpscious . overall this is a very good toy . i would recomed it to all .
2			it	perfect	job	fantastic			amazing ! fantastic ! phenominal . here it is people ; a perfect book ! also , might i add , making a perfect movie ! i read this book a day before i saw the movie and was taken away with it's brilliant plot and resolution ! so , how else can i say that it is anything but perfect ? it includes mystery and adventure as stanley yelnats and the reader , of coarse solves a connection so great between his past and his future that his whole life is changed ! on the way to resolving this the story has adventure , mystery , journey , discovery , and including the emotions of fear and romance . louis sachar has also done a fantastic job at creating chacters that come to life as each word of this book is read . i recomend this book to anyone who wants to read the perfect book .
2			cd	great			another great jd cd . everyone who loves john denver should have this in their collection ! beautiful music , wonderful voice !
2			product	great	i	glad	price	great	it	difficult	shipping	fast			great product ! it is 614 . i have been using gum proxabrushes . it is very difficult to find in stores . i usually get them at wal mart . but recently i don not have any luck at all . they always run out of it . i am very glad to find it here . it is even cheaper than wal mart . shipping is fast , and price is great . i have no compliant at all . in case you don not know . this is model number 614 i assume they want to start using tight , moderate , and wide instead of model numbers .
1			crusade	poor			crusade . crusade , the thematic is very poor . seems to be released for actors are very bad but it is the director's fault including story . i lost my money . i only saw two disc hoping better of this movie but it didn not happen .
2			girl	little	name	perfect	it	great	name	perfect no			chrysanthemum . chrysanthemum is a wonderful book . i like this book because it'sfunny , and because it's by one of my favorite authors . i think it is great for people who need a heart warming story , and for peoplewho think their name is not perfect . chrysanthemum is a little girl who thinks her name is perfect . when she goes to school , however , victoria says her name isn not perfect . read this story and find out what's next !
2			tips	little	thing	best	guy	good	sequel	good	book	great			so scary that i could not put it down . this is a great book because the author gives the reader little tips and clues that make you want to read more . i think this is a good sequel to rosemary's the first time i got my hands on it i knew that it was going to be best thing i like about this book is how andy makes every one think that he is a good guy , but the mom thinks that every thing is wei rd
1			copy	bad	seemed	ridiculous	set	good	thing	good			did someone forget the subs ? good boxed set . i wished they added extras on the last four dvds . the easter egg on the first dvd seemed ridiculous . and do they expect us to speak russian ? ? what happened to the subs on the fourth dvd ? i thought i had a bad copy , but i read the other reviews only to find out i wasn not alone . i checked both formats and neither had the english was a good thing i knew french . overall , i have been waiting for this set , and it could have been much worse .
2			quality	great	it	long			not 6 ft long . the quality is great for the price , but it is hardly 6 feet long , more like 4 very disappointed with the length .
2			roll	annoying	inability	complete	movie	bad no			jeff bridges intolerable . the movie is not bad until jeff bridges shows up about half way through . and i think even i could have done his post fist fight make up better . the obvious cotton roll stuck in his upper lip to indicate swelling was almost as annoying as his stupidly written character not his fault and his complete inability to play a menacing super creep .
2			waste	complete	it	amazing	it	great			don not waste your time . i read the book , the rats of nimh , and it was amazing ! now , i m not a sci fi person , but it was great . but the movie probably had 4 things related to the book . things different in the book , she is mrs frisby , not the book , jenner just disagrees with the plan and quits , he is not evil ! there is no amulet / gem thing in the book . there is no magic , just smart rats ! ! ! this movie was a complete waste of my time . if you have never read the book , and never will , enjoy ! now if you excuse me , i m going to have a nice time reading one of my favorite books , mrs frisby and the rats of nimh .
2			sailor	experienced	information	bad no	reference	little	things	new	understanding	real	wrong	terrible	chapter	new			4 mistakes a minute . what works well on paper does not work well in dvd . to see what happens when people don not understand this simple fact see the exhibit a 100 sailing mistakes dvd . there is nothing terrible wrong with this production except that it shouldn not have beem made into movie , it would have made a terrific little reference or a booklet . as a movie it doesn not work at all , the whole thing consists of sporadic scenes of a presumable experienced sailor introducing us to a new chapter of mistakes , and then someone in a hurried voice reads a mistake and solution to the said mistake over some pseudo nautical screen saver . i actually timed it , the tempo is 4 mistakes / solutions a minute administered in a monotonous voice without real understanding at what is being is sad because the information actually is not that bad , i learned quite a few new things . i also fell asleep between mistake 35 i think , and woke up around mistake it if you must , don not bother purchasing .
2			autobio	true	book	great			great book , got the point across , but not a true autobio . great book . no question about it . got the point acrossin beautiful way . but , i don not like the format . a lotof the commentaries from other people that is , besideswalter and connie failed to add value to the , overall , a super read .
2			mom	new	bottles	great	they	great			there ok . but a pain . these bottles were great at fir st . then after a few weeks you get tired of cleaning the parts , because there are just way to many . but i did i was ready to buy more . but then i started to notice that the paint chips off when you sterilize the the paint ended up inside of the bottle . well as a new mom that bugged me and i threw the bottles away b / c i didn not want my son drinking milk with the paint chips in it . but besides all that they are great took the milk pretty well in they just scared me with the paint . i recently purchased the first years soothie it works great !
1			base	stable	they	pricey	base	compact	stands	adjustable	they	beautiful	stands	affordable	feel	bad	ones	hate	ones	affordable			grrreat features for the price ! i personally use and favor the one hand adjustable , stackable mic stands but they are pricey . i hate the affordable 3 legged ones that make us baby boomers have to stoop to set them up . i was looking for 2 affordable mic stands as a gift to my church . what a pleasant surprise this mic stand is ! you use two hands to raise it , but it's a jiff because there's no twisting ; the base is stable and compact ; plus they are aesthetic beautiful to look at . i like them so much , now i feel bad that they are a gift ! i will probably get a few of these for myself studio gigs .
2			tires	nice	deal	good	looked	great			im with jim . the pedals fell off , the seats broke off . the bikes looked great and we we are psyched about them , easy to put together , nice fat tires for our play yard , but in a matter of weeks they were unuseable and off to the bike repair shop . not a good deal at all !
1			purchase	great no	address	wrong			not a great purchase . this item was delivered at a wrong address because of the mail man's mistake . had very hard time finding and getting the item back .
2			they	loose	support	great			great support ! i was very content with my purchase of two belly bands . i hoped that by the time i reached almost six months , they would have fit better up on top . they do , however , provide great belly support and , unless i m wearing full panel maternity pants , i really miss them when i don not put them on . i do have a while to go though so i m sort of glad they are still a little loose on top because it means i can wear them for a while !
2			tin	new	taste	great	recipe	original	thing	good	taste	new			why did they change a good thing . i have been buying the spearmint altoids for years , and loved the product . i just got a new tin of the new great taste ! which is horrible ! it tasted like menthol ! such a drag . i see now that there are more artificial ingredients in it . why ? ? i hope the company sees the feedback and reverts back to the original recipe . or they will lose a lot of customers . they have lost me for now .
2			model	old	box	modern	purchase	great			ice cream like a pro . great purchase . i threw away the time waster wooden maker that i have used for years . this makes more ice cream with less ice as it has a formed bucket that gives more contact and prevents ice spin . get the book ben and jerry's to have the choice of recipes . when i get this piece of modern engineering out of the box , everyone gathers around to watch . this didn not happen when i brought out the old crank model .
1			films	worst			utterly mindless . typical mindless american male crap . stuff blowing up , fighting and boobs . quite possibly one of the worst films ever made . it flopped in theaters that's why it's out on dvd so fa st
1			noises	terrible	reception	poor	service	bad	plan	bad	network	bad			bad plan , bad service , bad network . while my cell phone useage has not really increased , my phone bills since switching to cingular are through the roof ! the reception is poor , i can not even use it in my house in nw dc and my phone gets terrible interference noises . it's going to be cheaper to pay a cancellation penalty than to keep this till the contract runs out . very disappointing
2			footage	great	narrative	good			pleasant and interesting . great video footage and a good narrative to showcase washington state's olympic peninsula . not sure when it were actually filmed because of the 80 s style haircuts and clothing of the people .
2			tubing	easy	looks	great			works great . the tubing arrived very quickly and was easy to cut into the pieces that i needed . it fits into the tank and looks great . i have not noticed or seen any signs of wear or deterioration .
2			it	great			great for making egg salad . i have had one of these for years that i purchased locally in a kitchen store . it's great for making egg salad first cut the egg in wedges , then move it to the slicer and you have got perfectly chopped eggs . it also slices mushrooms well it works best if you turn them so the wires go through the stem side fir st
1			ingredients	safe no	ingredients	horrible	chemicals	bad			horrible unsafe ingredients . buyer contains petroleum , mineral oil , a very cheap filler , sls which is toxic to the body , and more bad chemicals including methylparaben . i hope the professionals buying these products will take time to educate themselves and become more aware of these toxic and unsafe ingredients . if you don not believe me go look them up . i am a massage therapist and the last thing i would use is this product !
2			leader	bad	instrumentation	great	display	huge	vocals	great	confessional	popular	feeling	great			excellent cd , great feeling , needs more acoustic . i had no idea how popular dashboard confessional had made themselves with their mtv appearances and their gush worthy sensitive bad boy leader , chris carrabba until i went to buy this and saw the huge display in the music store . wow , when did they become mainstream ? that's okay , the sound is still very heartfelt , with great instrumentation but most importantly , carrabba's great vocals . i like my mtv unplugged disk better , and the emotion comes through better with acoustics , but this is still an excellent release . they deserve all the attention they are getting , i just hope it doesn not go to their heads .
2			clipper	great	value	great	store	best			great clipper . cuts very well . as good as you will find at a great value . as always amazon is the best store around .
2			cd	entire	song	great	song	worth			dissapointed with this cd . i bought this cd based on the wonderful reviews at this site . however , i was dissappointed with the cd as a whole . i enjoyed two songs of the entire cd . this one will not stay in my collection . my best wishes to gary in his ministry but it seemed the whole thing was a forced fit with exception of more than enough and that song is great . one song is hardly worth the price of a cd .
2			gift	special	good	live	book	great			live good . live good is a great book to keep around for yourself , or as a special gift . the quotes are enlightening , thought provoking , and when you see whose quotes they are , can be very surprising too .
1			batteries	original	fan	big	review	bad	pack	original no	battery	new	battery	old			i should have known better . i m not giving the dewalt 14.4 xrp battery a bad review , i m giving rock sales a bad ! ! ! ! review . when i received this battery , it was wrapped in brown paper not the original bubble pack from dewalt . i should have returned it then but i needed the battery for a job i was doing and didn not want to go through the hassle of returning it . i bought this battery to replace one of the original batteries that came with my drill ten years ago . the ten year old battery still hold a charge longer than this new battery from rock sales . i sent rock sales several emails through amazon but none were answered . in checking the rock sales sellers profile , they seem to be out of business . i only paid $ 50 but i should have returned it when it was not in the dewalt and learn . i m still a big dewalt fan and have used they are tools for forty years in our construction company .
1			green	electric	mix	bad			fluorescent retro . its not the pleasing pale green of the 1950 as pictured but it will match the electric green of bad margarita mix !
1			movie	bad	stallion	black	beauty	black	book	good			promises to be better than it is . how could a book so good end up as a movie so bad ? it makes the appearance of being a classic , with it's star studded cast and cinematography , but fails miserably . there's just nothing worth watching it for . stick with the black stallion and black beauty .
1			directing	poor	traditions	southern	traditions	hard			poor writing directing . i rented this movie so my wife and i could enjoy a comedy instead of the hallmark channel . well , should have let her watch the hallmark channel . after reading reviews , it seem to receive a gamut of reviews . now , concise to state i am not a prude , but the language was coarse . my wife is quite sensitive to street language and i am often chastised for such . we did not finish the movie . southern traditions are hard to overcome .
2			product	great	they	easy			great product for the price . this is a great product for the price that i paid ! they are very easy to use and understand ! i have not gotten pregnant yet but that is not due to the product ! my husband is deployed right now so i figured i would start tracking my ovulation cycle while he is gone so we can get pregnant when he returns ! so far this product is great ! i would recomend this to anyone ! also my friend use the same product and she is 4 months pregnant right now !
2			it	fine	product	great	they	happy	sizes	different	i	worried			great product ! this product lives up to expectations . i was a little worried after having read other reviews , but the manufacturer instructions weren not so bad . i programmed two of these in less than 10 minutes . it is a savior for us too ! our cats don not wake us up for food anymore . the only change i would make to this product is to allow for different portion sizes throughout the day . but it's fine we give our cats a 1 4 cup twice a day and they are happy . buy this product with peace of mind !
2			ms	physical	resource	great	history	complete	it	easy	exam	physical			great resource for physical exa ms for any beginning practioner this book can not be beat . it is easy to use and understand . it shows how to do all aspects of a physical exam , along with taking a complete and accurate history .
2			graphics	atrocious	story	atrocious	story	great			ok game . i decided to give the game a try . i have been wanting to get into the series for a while and can not just start with the second game . great story and beautiful graphics but my god are the controls atrocious . i have had to stop playing the game a few times because of the control scheme . everyone i have talkedwith about the game has the same opinion . not fluid at all
2			pixels	crappy	performance	black	acer	great	backlighting	crappy	image	great	performance	great	it	flawless			stuck pixels and uneven backlighting . i know that for the price paid for the item , that i shouldn not expect miracles , but seriously . 2 stuck pixels and the uneven backlighting on this monitor are completely crappy . it doesn not even produce that great an image over dvi . i have yet to get fed up and switch it to see if it works any better on an analog connection , so if i ever do it , i will update my review . i have a viewsonic q 20 b which i use at work and it's flawless . beautiful backlighting for great black level performance , no stuck pixels , and great color acer just doesn not live up to the hype . spend 20 -30 bucks more for something better .
2			it	technical no	study	bible	they	available	study	great			interpreter's bible luke john . this is my 4 h purchase in this series and i intend to keep buying as long as they are available on amazon such a savings . this is a great bible study , preaching preparation and devotional tool . i love the fact that it contains 2 translations and is not too technical , yet has enough information for you to study as deep as you wish . every student and teacher of god's word wants this in their library .
1			irons	bad	quality	high			defective 3 not buy ! ! i was looking for a high quality iron when a friend told me that rowenta made the be st i bought the advancer iron brought it home and the auto shut off would not work . i took the iron back and got a second iron and it would not even heat up so against my better judgement , i took it back and got a third advancer . the iron worked wonderfully for about 2 months , now it leaks water everywhere . i contacted rowenta and they said even though i had purchased 3 bad irons in as many months there were not going to give me my money back under no circumstances . they would however replace it . i dont want it ! they even had the incident numbers as proof that i had problems with the first two . do not buy this iron !
2			they	great	country	memorable			lots of memorable country hits . i remember hearing and loving all these songs on the radio in the early 90 s . they are all great , but i think feed jake and don not tell me what to do are the two be st
1			quality	poor	toys	expensive	reviews	poor	period	short			poor quality . i purchased this even with all the poor reviews because it was the only toy my son wanted for christmas . it doesn not stay on the tracks well , however this doesn not bother my son as he thinks that is part of the fun . however , the coupling broke after two weeks . thomas toys are too expensive to break after a short period of time . currently have request for exchange it to learning curve . only time will tell if they will honor it .
2			they	comfortable	fit	great			not bad at all . i bought these for work . they are a little slippery , for non slippery shoes . the fit is great and they are comfortable .
2			mastery	grand	orleans	new	deal	great			a disappointment . i have read a number of rice's other works . i admire her grand and effortless mastery of the english language and her ability to conceive twisting , intriguing plots involving unique characters from both the past and present . i like most of her other novels that i have read , and i wanted to like this i couldn not . the witching hour is massive and bloated . overly long , it became a genuine effort to finish . i nearly put it down permanently until i realized i could flip through about 10 consecutive pages each time i encountered an extended description of new orleans and not miss anything of the plot . only for those with a great deal of patience .
1			metal	black no	they	different	metal	black	album	new	deal	big	it	bad	guitars	horrible	recording	horrible			what's the big deal . i bought this album , hoping it would live up to the hype . well if you are impressed by drums and lightning fast songs , i guess you will like it . i mean all you hear is the drums , the guitars are horrible , the guy can not sing , and the recording is horrible . i don not see the big deal , i think it's because they were one of the first bands to do it . if they came out now , no one would care . people say dimmu borgir betray black metal , oh no , a band with talent , that's not black metal . but no one says mayhem did , but helhammer is in kovenant , with who else but members of , dare i say dimmu borgir . look at the new album anyway , it's almost as bad as this one . all it is is a bunch of guys , one who looks like snoop doggy dogg ranting on and on about satan . they are no different than chrisrian groups that rant on and on about god .
2			ways	practical	changes	physical	changes	emotional	ways	great			must have . my son in law is loving this book . as a result so is my daughter ! great practical and thoughtful ways to understand the emotional and physical changes of becoming a dad and family
2			pun	big	artists	unknown	weeks	bad no			not being made in 14 days . . i have to admit its not as bad as other people say but you can tell it was made in two weeks . it features unknown artists . cuban link or any other person from terror sqaud arent even in the cd . its 13 tracks really 12 tracks because 9 is just silence for 5 seconds of just unkown artists . if you like big pun then buy terror squad the album or yeeeaah baby those are better cd's
1			movies	worst			bu ray review . one of , if not , the worst movies i have ever seen . what the hell happened here ? how could anyone like this movie ?
1			acting	special	reviews	bad	script	good	acting	good			i like it . . i did nt know anything about what this movie was about , except some bad reviews . i gave it a shot because its sciencefiction . well i was surprised by the type of movie it came withpretty good special a good script / acting to go with it . not the best butit certainly worth a couple of viewings .
2			voice	beautiful	hits	best	cd	awesome			excellent . this cd is awesome ! faith's voice is as beautiful as ever . most of her best hits are on this cd , including this kiss , both versions of breathe , there you will be , as well as many is a must have cd for all faith fans ! !
1			it	positive	drivel	complete	film	entire	actor	professional	lighting	worst			utter and complete drivel . the automatic rating system forces me to give this awful film a rating of one star when , in truth , it deserves a minus five . . with what would appear to be cheap hand helds and suffering from some of the worst lighting imaginable and not aided in any way by make up , hair , wardrobe or art direction , it is proof positive that film cameras should never be given to only person in the entire film who can actually act is amusingly enough the straight character otherwise to a man there is not a professional actor in the bunch . their only instruction from the director seems to have been not to look directly into the camera . there is not a single arresting or even engaging moment in this thin and superficial story of one man's inability to discover who it is that he is actually in love problems with the trite and angst driven script are further mitigated by the odd editing which left us thinking at one point that our dvd player was malfunctioning .
2			output	great			too loud for office . the heat output was great , construction was as expected , but this was way too loud for office use . sent it back and did trial and error with 2 other units at wal mart . still haven not found a very quiet one .
2			character	main	touch	nice	level	extra	character	interesting	color	extra	york	new	trait	particular	author	different	book	great	it	hard			another success for parker . i have read most of mr parker's novels and he never fails to keep my interest , keep me reading . i particularly liked this one , i just really liked the main character . i won not go into the plot , that has already been done , but i think this particular trait the character had , synesthesia , may not have worked with a different author . however , i think the character was so developed and interesting without the synesthesia , that is just added an extra color ! to the character , an extra level that just brought him full circle . it is hard to explain , but i really enjoyed the book , it had a couple of interesting twists , and i really hope to see this character and his partner again . great book ! i also liked the setting of san diego , we get so many police and detectives in la , new york , miami . . a nice touch .
1			books	worst			don not do it . this is one of the worst books i have read . it has a lot of attention grabbing fodder but no backbone . i did read all the way though , only to find out how it ended . if you like sensationalized nonsense , here's your book !
2			company	small	intention	good	shaver	electric	cleaner	additional	reviews	positive	it	necessary	shaver	great			been impressed by all the positive reviews for this shaver . the reviews for this braun shaver have impressed me . however , why does braun think that it is necessary to make shavers that are rechargeable ? i would bet that if there was a poll taken to see if men would prefer a simple corded shaver , there would be an overwhelming majority for that type of shaver . i myself , and am sure other men don not need the hassle of having the additional cumbersome charger & gimmicky cleaner . braun should go back a take a look at the model 5422 that they made some time ago . that was the epitome of a great electric shaver ! because of the void they created when they discontinued that model , it prompted a small company to try to reintroduce a prototype of the braun 5422 despite the good intention of the company , and i m sure they have sold many of them , the shaver falls short of the braun 5422 in performance & design . braun would make many men happy if they would bring back the 5422
2			source	great	info	best			like having your own interview consultant . ms alexander provides a great source of help with her pharmrepselect book and cds . i read a couple of books on the subject and found the pharmrepselect interview insight discs to be tremendously helpful . i combined several books in my mission of getting a job in this field . for under a hundred dollars , i feel that i got the best info available . it's like hiring an interview consultant ; hours and hours of help . i listened to mock interviews and practiced my techniques . i learned how to phrase my answers more precisely and sound very professional , which was the key in doing well on my interviews . i recommend this unique package to everyone interviewing for a sales job . five stars !
2			reviews	popular	gasps	great	i	disappointed	reviews	positive			disappointing . i bought this thing having read a few of the popular positive reviews here but having actually used it i have to say i m very disappointed . first of all it takes too long . the light goes off and you think your coffees done think again , the water will still come out for another 2 -3 minutes . secondly , the design is last few oz . of water are puffed through with these great gasps that has the affect of blasting your grounds all over the place . the top where the water comes out gets completely saturated with grounds and has to be cleaned every time .
1			effects	special	looks	bad	values	decent	movies	old	acting	good	pacing	good			it works . i get the feeling this movie started out as a parody . somewhere along the line it was decided it might work straight . it does . the movie turns out to be a decent homage to the scifi flicks of the 50 s . do you like those old movies ? if so you will like this one . acting is good as is the direction and story . it's what those 50 s movies wanted to be . the production values are decent except for the alien monster . in the 50 s it would have been a top notch special effects job but in this day and age it really looks as bad to us as the creatures in the 50 s did . perhaps they meant it to be hokey . sadly it detracts from the overall movie and brings in the spectre of parody . the pacing is good . watch it .
2			mode	great	ergonomics	good	buttons	easy	flash	powerful	lcd	bright			canon powershot s 2 is 5 p . good ergonomics . fits nicely in my hand , all the buttons are well placed and easy to access . i can even switch on the camera and take pictures with one hand . powerful flash . enough to fill up a moderate size room . great video mode with sound . it also comes with an audio video cable so that you can connect the camera to your tv and watch the vidoes and pictures on your tv . lcd is decent size and is fairly bright , which means it's even visible outdoors in the daytime .
2			wedding	unique	flutes	fun	price	great	touch	special			exactly what i wanted . i wanted to get some toasting glasses for my wedding that were unique but not priced like wedding sets usually are . these flutes are fun , unique and a great price for a set of four . they will add a special touch to my wedding celebration !
2			item	great	looks	nice	piece	nice	it	nice	it	long			great item . another nice piece from the mission collection . i would buy more . we are using this in our entry hallway because it is nice and long , but does not jut out into the space too much . it works well and looks very nice . assembly very easy .
2			it	awesome			it is actually a thrill . i don not get obsessed with video games normally , but i just couldn not put this one down . you have the job of runnign every aspect of the amusement parks , from product and ride placement to flirting with the customers . you even get to build rollercoaster and water rides . it's awesome . if you haven not had a chance to play this one , definately check it out .
2			book	best	learning	interested	detail	great			best book ever . this book has got to be the best wu su kung fu book on the market . it goes into great detail on how perform each manuver and has great picture detail . yang jwing ming has definetly out done himself and other books . this book covers from beginer to intermediate . he hopes to do a book wich covers intermediate to expert someday and if he does he has a definete sale here . if your interested in truly learning shaolin long fist this is the book for you .
2			quality	professional	singer	great			not professional quality . the disc seemed to be more like a pirate copy , the lack of editing makes the songs seem more like a practice than an actual performance . iz was a great singer but very undisciplined in his life and his singing .
1			character	main	plot	good	depth	little	fan	huge	reactions	mixed	it	bad	imagination	little			is it really that bad . i am a huge mary higgins clark fan , but i really think she's started slipping . after reading several reviews for this book , i decided to go ahead and buy it . although there were mixed reactions to this book , i thought i would but it anyway . i would always liked her books before and was sure i would like this one too . not true ! there were far too many characters with very little depth to them . the main character , emily , lacked personality as well . when i finally got to the end , i wasn not all that surprised as to who the killer was . this book lacks a good plot and has little imagination . a word of advice believe me ! you can wait until it comes out in paperback ! it might be a little better if you don not have to spend so much to get it !
2			look	nice	centerpiece	great	v	black			very nice . very impressed with this . for $ 20 you can not go wrong . would make great centerpiece . picture doesn not do it justice . the leaves have a bit of green to them picuture makes them look black v nice .
1			map	useless	standard	low	pretense	alive	selenography	visual	intere	historical	atlas	visual	numbers	limited	draughtsman	worst	it	bad			a nadir in selenography . wilkins was perhaps the worst draughtsman to ever attempt a visual lunar atlas . basing his attempt on walter goodacre's earlier privately printed map as well as that of neison , wilkins filled in every possible blank space with lines . detail is so crammed in that the map is useless and always was . it is also inaccurate . it's too bad that an endeavor that began with galileo , hevelius and reached the pinnacle under schmidt fell to such a low standard before visual selenography became virtually obsolete . nonetheless the book is of interest to historians of lunar studies and the text expands that of neison . the goodacre map was published in very limited numbers and although reproduced in hutchinson's splendour of the heavens was not really readily available and wilkin's map at least preserved the pretense that selenography was alive , if not well . worth getting for its historical intere st
2			product	great	sound	large	speakers	nice	money	worth	price	worth	money	great	speaker	good	quality	good			good multimedia speaker . this product is great . the price is very worth it . these are very nice speakers for ipod listening . surprisingly large sound that can fill an apartment with pretty good quality . definately get more than your money's worth and great for trips .
1			guy	good	v	bad	it	funny	it	bad	way	entire			the best . this is just the best all around funny movie you could see . it is so bad it is funny , but it actually isn not all horrible . just the entire way the movie is made , all sterotypical bad guy v . s . good guy and kidnapping the would be girlfriend of the hero . it is hilarious .
1			gun	bad	version	wrong			bad gun . my gun broke in less than a week of me getting it and i was sent the wrong version when i check they said they were sending me a dboyi version and i got a uk arms
2			girl	old	land	great	she	excited			ladybug land is great . we loved this gift . our four year old twin girl received it as a gift . we filled out the egg order form in her own name , so she was super excited when the package arrived in the mail with her own name on it . she would call me at work to tell me what the ladybugs larvae were doing , and was ecstatic the day we released the mature ladybugs into our backyard garden .
2			gripe	biggest	book	outstanding	reviews	positive	reviews	great			don not waste your money , and most of all , your time . i bought this book because of all the great reviews it got here . unfortunately , it proved to be a disappointment . after reading over the reviews again i saw one that summed up my frustration . someone complained that the only thing one can learn from this text is to mimic the author . it does not give you the skills necessary to really accomplish anything on your own . i think all of the other positive reviews this book got were from people who still don not quite grasp what they are doing but don not realize it . i eventually found an outstanding book called visual basic 6 from the ground up by gary cornell . i highly recommend that book a worthwhile alternative to begining vb 6 my biggest gripe is that i didn not start there to begin not believe the hype .
2			addition	great			love those chuck its . a great addition for the chuckit as unlike a tennis ball , these balls stay drier in a wet climate and can be used in the water or land . not cheap for a ball , so if you dog has a habit of not returning them , then you might as well get some cheap tennis balls .
2			it	boring	job	great	character	interesting			unable to care about the characters . while others see gosling as having done a great job , my own response is that he did , if what he was going for was boring . his character should have been interesting . instead i found it so boring that it was impossible for me to believe in dunst's devotion to him . as a result i didn not care about any of the characters . i found the movie long , boring , and disjointed .
1			actor	best	actresses	worst	movie	entire	story	boring			what wedding ? i didn not really know too much about this movie when i rented it , and just wasted more than 2 hours of precious time . this story was down right boring . i don not find claire danes very talented at all . in fact , she is one of the worst actresses of today . lena olin was probably the best actor in the entire movie . and why is it called polish wedding ? there was no wedding in this film , that is a very misleading thing to do ! i say don not bother ! unless you really like clair danes as she is in just about every scene .
2			product	great	seemed	tight	they	perfect			great product . i purchased these to replace my plastic containers . at first i was afraid i was going to have a hard time with getting the lids off and on , they seemed really tight , but really i haven not had any issues with it . i love the size of the containers , they are perfect for leftovers for my family . since i read so many reviews about the exploding glass , i decided i would not put them in the microwave for extended periods . i do put it in for just a few minutes and haven not had any issues so far i have been using them for about 10 months now . they have held up fantastic so far , they look just as good as the day i got them .
1			singing	laughable	howlers	vocal	singing	ludicrous	singing	bad			laughable singing . the singing on this cd is often unintentionally ludicrous . russell watson doesn not have the voice for much of the songs here , and his clumsy delivery creates a lot of vocal howlers . a record only for those who have the humor to laugh at bad singing .
2			video	instructional	reviews	great			not for kickboxing newbies ! i bought this video because of the great reviews it got here on amazon . i sat down to preview the tape before even starting it , and i ended up shutting it off . smith does not give you intense training on the moves though billy blanks does in his instructional video . i don not think i could have done half of the things she even did in her warmup , because she didn not tell us what position we should be in , or even how to go about learning the moves . if i couldn not even follow her during the warmup , imagine how the rest of the video fared ! this may be good for someone with kickboxing experience , but for the kickboxing newbie this is not the video for you .
1			quality	poor	track	awful	daughter	different			very poor quality . the picture quality of this dvd is absolutely dire . the picture and sound track are awful and are in need of restoration . the sound track by tex ritter the marshall's daughter is different from the record release .
2			loss	personal	club	great	differences	cultural			food for thought ; thoughts to digest . approach this story with an understanding that sadness can govern us for long periods of time . barbara and seiji live according to their losses . the cultural differences add to their conflicts while they strive to understand one another . descriptions of post war japan were achingly portrayed ; customs and beliefs were vividly explained ; personal loss was examined closely . the cover attracted me , but after reading it i was surprised there isn not a fox somewhere in the picture . there is so much that is subtle in this story ; and so much that can be read between the wines , i mean lines . this would be a great book club read .
2			i	glad	characters	different	ms	different	job	great			great read for the treadmill ! i picked this book because i was having trouble following all the characters and story lines in the tv show and i m so glad i did . this very well written and researched book does a great job explaining the different characters and describing the different kingdo ms the tales are so engrossing that an hour goes by on the treadmill and i hardly notice . now i can not wait to watch the tv series and see what i was missing !
2			wave	new	age	new	ps	great	music	new	outlets	various	array	new	array	great	ryan	similar			a new wave of new age . the hauntingly beautiful music of australis caught my ear over and over on the various outlets . so , i purchased the cd and found a great new array of what seems to be a new wave of new age music . similar to amethystium or perhaps ryan farish but holding their own . i really enjoy this cd alot and would recommend it to all who are currently turned on by this fascinating new wave of new age . ps this is great driving or traveling music !
2			ms	best	songwriters	greatest	hits	greatest	album	great	tiger	easy	album	entire	flow	wonderful	it	hard			great album . easy tiger is easily one of ryan's best albu ms it may not have catchy , poppy beats like firecracker or to be young , but it's a very , very tight album . the flow of songs is wonderful , and it's hard not to listen to the entire album all the way through every time you put it in . songs like two , everybody knows , and the sun also sets easily qualify for a ryan adams greatest hits record if it would be even possible to put that many songs in one package . a great album from one of the greatest living singer / songwriters , and without a doubt the greatest of his generation .
2			tool	little	tool	fantastic	product	great	seller	great			great product , great seller . fantastic little tool . we use it on our hardwood floors and rugs . even our yorkie likes to chase it around
1			experience	bad	price	high			bad experience ! when i ordered the melitta 10 cup which we love on the same page was an offer for the melitta filters which we also paid a very high price for them and when they arrived , they were not for the 10 cup melitta . . i advised the company but they had deaf ears !
2			music	great			but where's the performer listing ? the music is great , the performances beyond expectation , the theatre is a the dvd does not include any printed list of the performers ! i had to search the web to find such a listing and have not succeeded yet . all i do find is an alphabetical list of the individuals at the movie database . what a shortcoming ! otherwise , very much worth your while . marvelous .
1			i	liberal	history	interesting	quality	bad	history	good	it	hard			a disappointment . i have been a fan of piers anthony for many years i have most of his novels , and have always enjoyed them . . until now . i liked the other 3 geodyssey books , but the quality of writing in this 4 h book is surprisingly bad . the dialog and actions & attitudes of his characters is so contrived that it is hard to believe that piers anthony wrote this book . i am rather liberal minded when it comes to sex & erotica , but the sex in this book is surprising graphic , and lacks good history is interesting , but anthony has shot down his own dream of having these geodyssey books in the classroom .
1			minorities	ethnic	one	bad	plot	unbelievable	people	poor			biased , boring , and dumb . in stephen frey's world , apparently , all the villains are blonde haired fraternity members frat boys in freyese or racist businessmen . the only decent people are either poor , members of ethnic minorities , or leftist acitivists . matters are made worse by an unbelievable plot , plodding writing , and motivations , which to put it kindly , do not ring true . if mr frey has any understanding of the subtleties of human nature or life's ambiguities , he fails to reveal it in silent partner . i have read a lot of thrillers so the law of averages decrees that some of them were not very good . nevertheless , i can not remember one as bad as this silly left wing rant .
2			editing	great	it	great			great editing , choice of players . i watched this in a packed theater on a tuesday night in the haight sf before the dvd came out . it's great . i am a bit of a scrabble junkie played a few tournaments but not seriously but have recommended it to others who aren not so into the game who still enjoyed the movie . marlon is a fascinating character . the prudish , self righteous comments about him in other reviews are completely off target . the contrast between him and tai chi doing / meditating joe edley who , it turns out , can not perform when he's actually playing on the street rather than in the sterile environment of a tournament adds so much to the movie .
2			tracks	great	combos	small	cuts	extra	stuff	great			save your money . you can get all these great tracks on the jsp box set entitled rockin this house for alot less , its around $ 22.00 its listed under memphis slim . the set includes roosevelt sykes , memphis slim and eddie boyd . all the artists are accompanied by small combos sometimes with horns . great stuff from save your money and buy the jsp box set and enjoy all the extra cuts and artists .
1			beginning	bad	abuse	physical	book	terrible			promising , but paper thin plot . the title a bad beginning could be taken in two ways . firstly , the fate of the children in the story , and secondly , the writing itself . that is not to say the book is terrible . it hums along at a fair pace , and the narrative is done in an entertaining , jocular style . but the story , at 150 pages of largish type , is little more than a skeleton , with little to flesh it out . everything is told plainly and simply which might make it suitable for younger children but the subject matter is dark dead parents , physical abuse of children and a man attempting to marry a 14 year old . parents should review the book ahead of time to decide if it is suitable material for their children .
2			agnes	wonderful	story	original	performance	great	juliana	mysterious	comedies	romantic	performance	dramatic			the lost moment . this is a rare imaginative film , though not at all like the original story by henry james . it is also a rare dramatic performance by bob cummings who is mostly known for his roles in romantic comedies . agnes moorehead is wonderful as the ancient , mysterious juliana and susan hayward gives a great performance as the mentally unstable niece whose fantasies verge on madness . i highly recommend this one .
2			thing	great	thing	good			ready for fall . the great thing about eveningland as well as rabbit songs , is that the song cycles are so well crafted from start to finish . not enough people make music this good anymore , and maybe that's a good thing , because then this might not be so special . eveningland is a perfect soundtrack for fall that should float right into winter .
1			product	poor	it	difficult			very poor product . it is difficult to review a camera that will not turn on . this is the second ls 443 the first that i have purchased . this one i have returned and replaced with a canon product . the other , which refuses to operate is in the junk . goodbye kodak .
1			it	fine	effort	poor			fun fluff . probably not worth buying on dvd , but as a rental actually saw it in the theater it is just fine or as my friend would say fun fluff . not being a consumer of the comics , i am not prejudiced to what may or may not have been included in the storyline . as a movie buff , i have to say the effort here was poor to fair . there are just some things that make no sense . why alcatraz island ? why does the winged one escape and only reappear to save his father ? why are their so many characters in each film ? why was halle barry brought back as storm , at least in a somewhat pivotal role ? why did the producers even hint that there might be a sequel ? why ? to be honest , i only ever saw the three x men films because my friend is an x men fan .
2			case	great			! warning ! this might seem like a great gameboy advance case but it isn not . every time you put you gba in or take in out , the screen rubs up against a rough material , which causes it to get fine scratches up and down of the gba's screen . my gba's screen got scratched because of this darn case , and i just thought i would warn you so yours wouldn not get scratched too .
1			gawd	awful	grades	poor	icp	black			suck city . korn is for lonely losers in podunk towns . gawd is this awful . another crying and complaining piece of detritus from a group once so popular they didnt need mtv . well , now with their record sales even lower than their last album they could really use a little you are that lonley kid in nowhere , usa then maybe you will like this . no friends ? poor grades in school ? mullet perhaps ? put this in your cd player ! it will teach you how to weep about your lot in life and sit around wearing torn blue jeans and black icp , korn , and linkin park is not metal ! it is rap rock for losers . grade ? f
1			dumbfounded	little	ones	good	movies	bad			this is an awful movie . i m still a little dumbfounded as to how john carpenter has so many fans . he's made more bad movies than good ones and the past ten years haven not been his be st ghosts of mars could be a comeback , but with ice cube in the lead role of that film i wouldn not get my hopes village of the damned , carpenter wastes a mildly interesting premise , favoring explicit violence over subtle chills . the film just gets progressively worse , up to the overdone finale that features endless carnage a la the haunting , but no performances don not help much . christopher reeve tries his best but he's overcome by a script that doesn not let him do much . kirstie alley's appearance is really quite pointless . everybody else isn not in the film enough . it's a movie like this that makes me wonder if carpenter really has that much talent .
1			he	repetitive	author	bad	number	large	words	personal	book	good			cool book , whacked writing style . insofar as reading about usos , which lots of other authors don not seem to touch upon , this book is pretty thorough . the edition being sold now , since the original is oop , is ok , but it does show some typos and bad author's style that may be that we of the later decades are just not used to the writing style of the 60 . in some places , he uses we . i truly hope he means it as him and other people and not in the queen of england kinda way , and i do realise that he has an assistant s , but that's not made clear at the point where he uses we . he is a bit verbose and repetitive with his personal words , but it's still a good book for the study of usos . lots of stuff in it that i have never read before and i have really read quite a large number of books on the whole ufo , et al , subject .
2			album	great	tones	great	tones	vocal			great album . very atmospheric and heavy with great dialing vocal tones . highly recommend jack vegas , 2.12 verall album is pretty consistent and well written , with enough diversity for any fans of melodeth ranging to industrial and beyond .
2			drive	great	computer	personal	reviewers	previous	geek	hard			great drive , no instruction . i should have listened to previous reviewers and skip buying this drive . i was designed to hard core geek to install these things . no paper instructions , just a plain drive delivered . i had to referred to online instructions and my personal computer's help menu to figure the format and partitions in order to prepare the drive . in short , i you have never upgraded a computer before , don not try this one , try one with a kit and instructions somewhere else .
1			crap	worst			is this music ? ? ? this is the worst crap i have ever heard just noodlings and noise what a load of bollocks !
2			book	great			great reference book . this book has been the perfect companion to another book called clay and glazes for the potter by daniel rhodes .
1			movies	worst			horrible . if i could , i would give this movie -5 stars . do not be deceived by the synopsis . this is arguably one of the worst movies i have ever seen . nothing in this movie makes any sense .
2			book	great	viewer	credible			a great book for your curiosity and our collective future ! joe mcmoneagle presents time / space and how we create our own destiny in a way that everyone should consider as a reality . if you wonder what a credible remote viewer is seeing for our future this is a must read .
2			i	wrong	it	right	you	sorry no	book	excellent	job	great			watch this movie ! you will not be sorry ! 's what i thought fight club was going to be ; another brad pitt flick , and he beats people up . well , i was wrong ! this movie has more twists than you expect , and it's twisty right from the start . the book by the way is excellent as well , and the movie does a great job sticking to the plot of the book . i saw the movie first , then read the book , and i could not get ed norton's voice out of my head , they are that makes you think , it makes you jumpy , it makes you want to go make soap , and perhaps blow something up . mostly it makes you think . and maybe watch it , oh , seventy times more so you can catch everything . p do yourself a favor , watch this movie ! you will like it , i promise . i have forced dozens of people to watch this , and each one liked it . even my mom liked it , and she's even more anti everything than i am ! and no , this isn not a guy movie . i m very girly , and i loved this movie
2			rocks	alive	version	new	work	fantastic			hit on ! i have to agree ! ! i have both versions of this dvd and its awesome ! ! 0 bj . fantastic work ! and i know some of us fans are still getting use to the newer versions of the songs , but i still have to say that the new version of dead or alive , rocks ! ! its funkier ! ! way to go !
2			read	great	characters	true	villains	silly	holes	enormous			give this one a miss . i have been a dick francis fan for a long time , marveling at his ability to turn out a great read year after year . but this is one of the relatively few duds in the francis canon . the villains are incompetent and silly ; the plot has enormous holes . perhaps most disappointing is that francis usual knack for developing psychologically true and interesting characters is absent . do yourself a favor pass on this one and reread one of your favorites from his earlier works .
2			fan	huge	cd	great			simply amazing . i have been a huge 311 fan for a while now , and soundsystem is one of their be st if you want a great 311 cd , get the self titled one . if you want 2 get this one it rocks ! !
2			set	great			great set of maps . the maps helped us follow the right route and identify all the towns along the route . we are eager to use them all .
2			author	great	world	good	world	original	ideas	innovative	me	upset			a rip off from arthur conan doyle's book . the original lost world was written by arthur conan doyle , the same guy who wrote sherlock holmes stories . michael crighton used the idea and wrote his version . there are only very minor differences between the two books and it makes me upset that a great author like conan doyle came up with an idea and michael crighton stole it . if you want the good original lost world with innovative ideas , get the conan doyle version of it .
2			product	great			great product , cleans better than cascade enviro friendly . very happy with this product . tried 7 h gen and it didn not work well . these are fast love the tablets and clean really well .
1			experience	bad	me	glad	projects	good	i	excited			not the most descriptive . i must admit not all of my disappointments concerning the book are the authors fault rather a bad experience . i wanted a book with simple projects for a beginner . a lot of the projects were for the home and really don not need to be described in much detail . i was excited to try the nap time tote , i thought it would be the perfect gift for a baby shower . the amount of fabric needed was written but not the amount of basting tape or the amount of the interfacing , which irked me a bit . after a bad experience with the ill informed employees at joann's i was ready to start on the project . after everything there wasn not enough fabric , which could totally be the fault of the incompetent joann's employees , and not the books . this whole situation makes me glad that i didn not waste my money on this book . there are plenty of better project books . a lot of the good projects that are in the book can easily be found online for free .
2			material	great	me	cool	shirt	outstanding			outstanding . outstanding shirt love the color and the fit . played golf in it the other day and felt great the material kept me cool .
2			enthusiasm	great	books	predictable			recommended by a friend . a friend who is as avid a reader of fantasy as i am recommended this book with great enthusiasm . i have to say , i am now a little dubious of his potential to recommend me books in the book is very predictable . in fact , it's so predictable , that i found myself waiting for the twist within a twist to slap me in the face , because the truth behind the lies in the book is so obvious . it never came . apparently , i was actually supposed to be you can not guess the ending of the book and spoil the suprise for yourself very early on , then who knows you might enjoy this book . otherwise , you will probably feel as if you must have read this somewhere before in a past life . it can not possibly be that obvious , can it ?
2			kusco	great			bad . your hair feels like ruber if u like that this is the product for you i recomend kusco and murphy beach hair , that is great but it is not sold on amazon .
1			one	new	controls	electronic	product	worst			utter waste of money . my first bionaire lasted a few days before the electronic controls gave out unresposive , flickered from low or off , etc . . returned it for a new one , which lasted a week or so before the same problems arose . unit is now collecting dust in living room instead of filtering it . worst consumer product i have bought in many years .
1			architecture	bad			he complained the whole time . first let me say i really enjoyed bryson's book a walk in the woods about walking the appalachian trail . second let me say that for someone who livedin england for 20 years he sure doesn not seem to like the country . i read this book because i am going to england this summer . bryson basically says there are moments of glory interspered with lots and lots of mediocrity and bad architecture . he hardly talks to anyone , and when he does describe someone it is usually uncomplementary . frankly i was really surprized . i will still read bryson , but i really can not recommend this one .
2			you	free	book	great			7 habits of successful people . great book , this book has changed my life , this book will provide for a transformational learning experience that will set you free of your personally limiting interpersonal communication ! !
2			movie	best	edition	special	material	great	value	great	movie	special			muriels wedding still great after 10 years . i had muriels wedding on vhs and wanted to upgrade to dvd and purchased off amazon due to its great value . this is the special edition that has great bonus material . after 10 yrs muriels wedding is a special unique movie that is the best chick flick movie this may be aussie slang . fans of abba will love the soundtrack as abba is a key feature of the movie . if you are not an abba fan it is not a movie to be missed . to want to love and be loved is a force to be reckoned with , especially for muriel .
2			softaware	hate	camcorder	great			awesome . its a great camcorder but i dont know how to get it to work with windows movie maker . i put the video onto my computer but it wont let me improt it into the movie maker . i hate the bundled softaware . please can someone give me a way to do it and how to do it
2			bit	little	controls	tough	it	great			twilight turtle comfort . this turtle is not only for kids ! i bought it for my daughter's 18 h birthday , who is going away for college , to keep in her dorm . she uses it now , as a night light in her room so she will have a little bit of home to take with her . i gave it a 4 only because it would be great to have an auto turn off to save battery life , and the controls are a bit tough to get to , but understandably , due to assure safety for the intended audience babies !
2			i	surprised	advice	good	returns	safe	him	fine	job	great	read	easy	vehicle	particular	story	short	estate	real			good advice , but fuzzy presentation . i may be a novice to the whole concept of tax lien investing , but loftis does a great job in helping me to understand this particular investment vehicle . the read is easy , although at times a tad confusing as he tends to use some real estate terms that haven not been introduced until a few pages a long time investor of the stock market , i am surprised that there is such a thing as almost guaranteed , safe returns of up to 18 in some jurisdictions . that is amazing in and of itself , but to realize that not everyone is on top of it is just can tell from the writing style that loftis is no short story writer , but for the purpose of explaining tax liens , it suits him just fine . i would highly recommend this read for anyone who wants an alternative to losing money . four stars .
1			taste	bad			super awful . i waited for some sort of climax . it never came . very disappointed . i normally love charlize . this movie left a bad taste in my mouth .
1			ending	open	ending	nice	story	short	books	worst			one of his worst . the difficulty king always has had to write a proper ending has now progressed to the point where is no longer able to write a proper book . this book should have been written as a short story , with a nice open ending . now its one of his worst books .
2			it	amazing	film	great			must see ! this is a great film that deals with two stories . it's amazing how there are some people that commit themselves to helping the less fortunate . absolutely a must see . good for all ages .
1			idea	nice	device	poor			nice idea poor quality device , firmware problems . after endless hours with lingo and dlink support i give up . there are firmware issues with this device , and dlink and lingo point fingers at each volume , dropped calls , and frequent need to reboot the you want lingo , don not use this device , get the standard box they provide .
2			concept	great			bought it twice never worked . great concept that never delivered on it's promise . we purchased it twice and it never worked . a lot of time wasted . the idea sounds good but they need to work on the result !
2			father	famous	read	great			a great who done it and who's next ? this father koestler murder is a great read ! not only does the mystery itself keep you hopping , the anecdotes about the church and its very human population provide an interesting backdrop for the action that all of kienzle's books share . i strongly recommend it but don not be too disappointed if you don not figure out the puzzle ahead of the famous father !
2			ryan	private	ww	great			outstanding . when i first watched this series , on hbo , i found myself comparing it to saving private ryan also outstanding . in doing so , b . o . b . at first viewing didn not compare , in my opinion . however , upon watching b . o . b . a second and third time , my opinion did an , about face no pun intended . i now condsider b . o . b . to be on of the all time great ww ii epics . while it didn not unseat my all time favorite , 12 o clock high it now runs a close second .
2			program	great			great program but . it is $ 30 cheaper on the barry's bootcamp website . save your money and get it start from the barry's bootcamp site . i bought mine for 14.95 plus shipping and handling for this set .
2			drive	great	removal	safe	files	additional			died after a couple of months . this seemed like a great flash drive at fir st one day after using it for a couple of months , i thought gee , i really ought to back this up since i have heard that flash drives can die suddenly . i should have followed my instinct , but number . i saved a couple of additional files and did a safe removal of the drive . the next time i plugged it in it did not work no computer could detect it . all that data gone . i replaced it with a sandisk with usb much better . i back that one up frequently .
1			video	old	way	bad	fan	big	thing	real	probability	close	game	bad			um . wow , i guess in a bad way . alright , i m a big star wars fan and thought how bad can someone really mess up the soundtrack ? figuring the probability was close to slim , i bought this album instead of the real thing . if you are looking for music that sounds like it came from a really bad old video game , then be my guest , buy the cd . if you want star wars , your going to have to spend a little more money . they absolutely slaughtered vader's theme . not enough orchestra and band , not enough skilled hands , and playing off tempo does not mix well . please , heed my warning . this is just not worth it .
2			bread	best	bread	great	price	high			zojirushi junk . don not buy a zojirushi bread machine . i have an earlier model zojirushi and no matter what i try i cannot get a decent loaf of bread . the bread always falls and turns into a door stop . i have contacted zojirushi and they are no help . i had a much cheaper bread machine prior to this one which turned out great bread . you would think for the high price of the zojirushi it would turn out the best bread but just the opposite has been my experience . i did not buy my machine from amazon or i probably could have gotten a refund . zojirushi does not want to talk about refunds . do not buy zojirushi !
2			reel	irish	songs	political	tune	original	album	great	tune	new			an excellent album . this is a great album . there is a breadth of tone and subject matter , though all the songs come from billy bragg's perspective , and are quite political in nature . to specifically address one criticism on this site , billy did not write a new tune for not he red flag , he states that he is returning the lyrics to their original tune , which is a lively irish reel ; the effect is to give the song the energy and enthusiam it requires .
2			it	clear	film	tedious	plot	awful	fan	great	genre	new	thriller	biblical			oh dear . i am a great fan of the biblical / supernatural thriller , but quite frankly i found this film boring and tedious . the plot was poorly developed and some of the dialogue excruciatingly awful . much better to read revelations in the new genre has been done so much better , polanski's not he ninth gate is a superb movie , edge of the seat stuff . i also enjoyed very much 'stigmata and end of days . i had really hoped are velation would be an excellent movie but it is now clear to see why it went straight to video . such a wasted opportunity .
2			condition	physical	feel	great	i	pleased			invigorating and relaxing all in one . i am pleased to see that i feel great after every exercise because they are explained so clearly for whatever your physical condition . these exercises will only help your body and spirit , and you will even enjoy doing them !
2			album	great	i	hooked			awesome as usual . i fell in love with this band on vacation in houston a few years back now i m hooked on the texas red dirt sound only i have to listen on line to get it here in oregon ! every album the randy rogers band puts out is great they are my ring tones even cant wait for this wknd as they are playing here in oregon ! !
2			movie	great	condition	great			family fun . great movie my kid enjoys this movie , she loves to sing along with all the characters especially roo and heffy . used product in great condition .
2			taste	great			not their best flavor . while i do prefer the size of these cookies to the larger ones , i did not like this cookie . upon opening the package there was an off smell , not appetizing in the lea st and they simply don not taste great and have a very mild peanut flavor i really couldn not tell they were peanut butter at all . i have tried the morning glory in the larger size , and the fruit and nut . the morning glory was my favorite , and i would probably buy it again , but i would not buy this peanut butter flavor again . i m hoping my hungry teenagers will enjoy them because there are 48 cookies total . i was disappointed in this cookie and would not recommend it .
1			jokes	bad	racism	disturbing	movie	horrible			so unfunny . chris rock , who is a noted racist , couldn not possibly less funny than he was in this film . this movie is utterly horrible and i have no idea how it ever got made . the jokes are bad and the racism exhibited by rock in this film is disturbing .
2			music	good	hits	great			smooth tony . they don not have anymore singers that sound so smooth like this . i love good music you can just relax and listen to these great hits of yesterday . i have not heard him sing a song that i did not like they don not have singers like this anymore .
2			product	great	luck	good	job	great	feature	nice			very good for beginners . being new to the 3 rendering world i have found this to be a great product . cheap and won not kill your wallet like others , amorphium pro 1.1 does a great job not only allowing you to easily create 3 modles , but allows for importing bryce . i was always intersted in creating 3 mecha as a sci fi buff and amphorium did not disappoint . amorphium did allow me to get a foot of understanding of the complexety of 3 rendering , while further sparked my growing intrest in 3 rending . another nice feature was it exports into macromedia's flash , and will tolerate other marcromedia software . however , the down side is only one book availabe to learn the program and the built in tutorials . amphoriums website also contians some more walk throughs and i have had good luck there find links to others who could all great product , but lack of support may hurt long term success .
2			board	great	it	sturdy			great cutting board ! i bought this for my boyfriend after i broke his other in half . oops ! it's sturdy and cleans easily ! i love it !
2			combo	great			myron is the man . after reading this i hoped that coben will continue to churn out myron novels for a long time ! as a sports fanatic and a mystery lover this was a great combo of both worlds . i want to read all the books in the series ! i really loved win what a nutcase ! i compare him to joe pike in the elvis cole series by robert crais ! keep it up coben !
2			budget	reasonable	they	open	headphones	old	cups	large	they	great	headsets	different	they	comfortable	quality	high			awesome headphones . if you are looking for a high quality set of headphones without paying hundreds of dollars , this is it . this is the first pair of audiophile quality phones i have owned aside from a pair of 20 year old akg studio headphones . i shopped around for a long time and sampled a lot of different headsets . i love these , they have recently been put on sale a lot of places but they are great ! if you are looking for phones that will cancel or block outside noise , these probably aren not for you since they are open back , however outside noise has generally not interfered with my music . also , this set may seem tight on your head at first , at least they did for me , but i realized that i didn not have the headband adjusted properly , the large ear cups offer a lot of space and once adjusted correctly they are super comfortable i can not feel them on my head after awhile . bottom line awesome headphones on a very reasonable budget .
2			way	best	gary	awesome	potential	highest	cut	wonderful	job	great			gary's best work yet ! awesome ! that's the best way to describe sritd . every single cut on this album is wonderful and gary has done such a great job with using his voice to his highest potential . the whole album has a haunting , sexy feel to it and the title cut , as the opening song , just sets the mood . it's absolutely one of my favorite albums of all time and i highly recommend it . also , gary is awesome live ! if you ever have an opportunity to see him , go for it !
1			thing	bad	picture	next	thing	cool			bad thing . this thing is soooooo cool it works really well . when i took my first picture it took it soooooo fast ! i only gave it a one becaues when i took my next picture the camera exploded in my face , killing my whole family ! ! ! ! ! dont get it !
1			game	good	graphics	poor			poor graphics . the game is good and enjoyble but the graphics are poor it you are looking for eyecandy you will dessapointed
2			demons	great	demons	personal			super comic . superman for tommorow vol . 2 is a complicated look into what makes us all human . jim lee's amazing visuals make the sometimes too complicated story more intraling than some would beleive . kal el finally makes the discovery of where the missing people went too and what has become of lois . superman deals with enemys from his fathers past and his own personal demons as he determines if he is truely the hero he believes himself to comic is great all around and deals with the evolution of superman better than any other comic . it's a must have for anyone who loves the man of steel
2			music	grand	artists	numerous	it	great			wonderfully relaxing and highly enjoyable . there are 14 lovely tracks on this cd . most are simply grand flute music by numerous 1 t american artists . some include chants that seem to stay with you throughout the day . it's great to listen to , read inspiring books by , and meditate to . highly recommended , especially for those enamored with flute music .
2			lines	great	set	great			soooo . do ya party . okay , is it just me or is it really bizarre to have this be one of the playsets that disco stu works with ? this is a great set , mostly because it comes with jasper , one of the most dryly amusing characters on the simpsons . it also has a bunch of great lines from grandpa and a few for hans moleman . maybe it's just me , but i find the oldster simpsons characters both hilarious and touching . playmates missed one touch which would have really made this set . it needs the notice on the door saying please do not discuss the outside world . anyhow , one of the better playsets in the last few assortments !
1			movie	great	it	cheap	quality	poor	process	poor	tape	old			poor recording quality . dissapointing ! this is a great movie that my wife and i love so much , unfortunately , the recording process of this dvd is very poor , i believe it's a bootleg ! my old vhs tape is clearer . it's cheap ! but not worth it . sorry , i have to return it .
2			they	great	i	old			chihuawua . i have all 3 of these movies , they are great i love the way this movie was made . i am 69 years old ans love every it
2			foods	authentic	bread	great			best bread . my wife uses authentic foods dough enhancer on her spelt home made bread recipe . it makes a world of difference . the dough rises about 1 3 more making for a great looking and tasting bread .
2			way	great			great way to kill time . i love to play this when travelling and waiting in airports , makes time go fa st i could do with out the story line though , i just like to play columns !
2			product	great	it	thick no			great product ! better than icy hot because it doesn not burn your skin , but it needs to be reapplied often if you want to stay pain free . i continue to buy this because it helps with arthritis pain in my neck and sore shoulders from stress . it is not thick and can slip down your finger , but you can get the hang of it if you use it daily like i do . it doesn not have too strong of a scent , though it still smells like menthol .
2			leap	huge	hands	great	feels	loose	bit	loose			great hands free device . bought the pioneer ph 4400 for our rv needed the display for the backup camera and wound up with a huge leap in technology . just needed to add the steering wheel remote to complete the package . the remote works fine i read some of the reviews that indicated the remote needed the ir port to be modified though it feels a bit loose on the supplied steering wheel mount . not horrible , just not rock solid . i have had no issues with the ir signal probably due to the orientation of the steering wheel to the stereo head unit on the rv . worth the money in my opinion .
2			they	great	songs	catchy	change	major	cd	awesome			ds rulez ! ok this is dream more can i say ? they are great and have amazing voices ! this cd is awesome and the movie is too ! the songs are catchy and u can tell there is a major voice change compared to their first cd . also the song , with all my heart , gets to me every time i listen to it its such a great of their best ! ok so anyways all i m saying even though its been forever since the cd came out and since the dream street brake up that doesnt mean that you still can not support hurry up and get the cd cuz there really isnt that many copies left , well the last time i checked there wasn thats all i gotta say .
2			they	worth	they	fine	value	great			great value . these speakers are not going to blow the doors off or anything , but unless you are planning on having a dance party or something , they are fine . they are more than worth the price . the same price or more would get you a pair of mediocre bookshelf speakers , so why not get these instead ? i highly recommend these as long as they stay $ 37.99 or lower .
2			movie	great	surprise	free	ticket	free	surprise	great	show	great	documentary	new	gift	great			great show and great free ticket surprise . i pre ordered this one a few months ago and it arrived just last week along with the new documentary i finally opened taos season 3 4 i was surpised to find a free movie ticket for superman returns inside ! ! what a great gift ! what a great movie too !
2			one	great			great one for my collections . i loved this poem and re read it . just a fun tale and the illustrations are really quite vivid and enlightening adding a quality to the storyline .
2			budget	low	quantity	high	music	classical	quantity	large	variety	large	price	great	quality	low	listening	easy			high quantity , low quality . i bought this cd hoping to have a large variety of classical music at my fingertips for easy listening . in a sense , that's what i got . unfortunately , this large quantity of music was at a very , very low quality . whether the trouble was in the orchestrae themselves , the recording process , or the post processing , this music is usually recognizable , but not at the quality one might want to listen to . some of the tracks were better than others , but at their worst , i suspected that several of the tracks were low budget midi sequences , rather than actually being performed by live , yes , this is a great price for lots of music . however , you get what you pay for , and over 3 discs , your money gets spread awfully thin .
2			country	native	book	great			learn and laugh . great book ! clearly written by someone who loves this country . my wife is a native of baku learnt and laughed about her native country . culturally savy and sensitive .
2			learning	personal	explanations	worth	tools	worth	steps	natural	materials	additional	steps	necessary	model	great	set	great	level	individual	tools	practical	relationship	effective			learning conversations a great model for coaching . i picked up learning conversations on the recommendation of a colleague as a reference related to organizational learning . what i found in it was a great set of frameworks dealing with both personal and corporate learning . the book frames the learning process well , especially at the individual level . what it does that is magic is provide a model of the natural and necessary steps in the development of an effective coaching relationship . this alone is worth the purchase of the book . the additional excellent materials related to organization and personal learning processes are bonuses . the only drawback to the book is its length and the at times academic style through which some of the materials are presented . the thoroughness of the materials represents both a strength and , depending on your time , a drawback to the volume . but the practical tools and explanations it provides are well worth the read .
2			wealth	valuable	piece	great	marriage	good	book	informative	book	entire	deal	great	exercise	physical	healing	physical			qigong student . as usual , dr yang has written an interesting and informative book regarding qigong . this book is comprehensive , easy to read and contains excellent photos and diagra ms there is a great deal of information packed in a concise manner and the book adds to the reader's knowledge of this martial art form . i especially enjoyed and valued dr yang's explanation of how qigong is related to physical and mental healing by utilizing physical exercise along with meditation . this book is an excellent resource to learn the basics and principles of qigong . the author creates a good marriage of theory and practice through photos and diagrams which show body pressure points and cavities used in entire book is a valuable wealth of information and is a great companion piece to dr yang's qigong dvds . taken together , the student can learn a great deal about qigong both in theory and practice . this book will be re read by me many times over .
2			tool	great			great learning tool . this video is a great learning tool for my 2 year old . she watches it , she knows all the songs , and it really re enforces to her the importance of potty time .
2			toy	great	i	glad	toy	expensive no	toy	classic			love this toy ! my husband wanted this toy for our baby boy because it is a said , i am really glad we bought this for him . he loves the color of the shapes and even at 12 months old is trying to figure it out already . this is a great , inexpensive classic toy that doesn not require batteries or an on / off switch !
1			velocity	ashamed	comments	negative	velocity	poor	stars	negative			i wish there were negative stars . the dvds are a rip off , although i m counting on the rebate to at least break even not counting my time . the dvd player completely fails to recognize them . even after extensive troubleshooting with disk management and ensuring my regionalization was not an a poor product velocity ought to be ashamed . more taiwanese junk . i would recommend verbatim's dvd r dl product made in singapore as a note i can get other dvd rs to work just fine . i haven not submitted the rebate yet , so no comment on the veracity of other negative rebate comments .
1			design	bad			trashing it . i am ordering a replacement today . this is a terribel machine . beans get stuck and the motor just spins . shaking usually helps , but you never know how much coffee you are actually grinding . i email the krups support people to see if i was doing something wrong and never got a response . bad , bad design is all i can think of .
1			communication	poor	teenagers	stupid			oh romeo . stupid teenagers . a boy who falls out of love as quickly as he falls in . and poor communication . shakespeare got teenage romance down pat .
1			story	fun	game	fun	konmi	bad			good . the game is really fun the disc two is manly online play story is fun the fixed the camera but the only thing bad about it konmi shut down the servers in the us but still avilable in europe
1			product	terrible	product	poor	quality	poor	disappointment	great	contacts	poor			poor product . unfortunately i purchased this as a gift and it was a great disappointment . even tried ordering it a second time , with the hope the first one was just a fluke . wrong ! terrible product and shipped the replacement one back as fast as we discovered the same issues . poor contacts with the control buttons . i was embarrassed by the poor quality of this away from this product and manufacturer .
1			effect	special	line	bad			the haunted mansion . the story line is very bad . i feel like the studio rush this movie out to fast and not care about the story . i gave this movie 2 stars because the special effect .
2			gift	great	other	significant			daughter loved it . ordered this for my significant other and it was a great gift . we used it already and recommend it to others .
1			best	ridiculous	book	worst	character	central	point	high	book	horrible			no plot line to speak of . is this just about the worst book in the deryni universe ? the lack of a plot , the shallowly developed characters , and the lack of any cohesive theme spring to mind rather quickly as obvious kurtz's writing continues to degenerate , it seems , from its high point in king javan's year . this book was horrible by any who is the central character supposed to be ? donal , alyce , and jessamy are the leading suspects , but none of them are explored story of vera de corwyn howard being switched at birth isimplausible at best and almost ridiculous at face value . marie's death is a rehash of bronwyn's in deryni book should never have been published .
1			he	rare	it	bad			what happened to that ? what became of it ? hazrat pir , the prominent sufi master of our time , doesn not seize to amaze me . what a compilation of books . the treasure on god's path , the approaching promise , and the sercret word are three delicate works of art . it is too bad that more books like this aren not written especially in this time of grief . what happened to people like hazrat pir ? of course no one can take his place but still . . he is truly rare i pray that this book guide people to truth and peace in this time of need , because it is a life changing book .
1			fears	worst			definitely not a fine balance . having picked up and put back this book many times over the past year , i finally caved in and read it to see what all the raves were about . my worst fears were confirmed . this is a highly overrated , soap operatic , flatly written melodrama whose only ticket to success was having been written in english by an afghani writer . affirmative action at its wor st there are other reviewers among the hundreds here who have articulated the book's many failings i encourage prospective readers to look at those fir st skip past the five star reviews and find those who see this as i do . one laudatory review even compared this to rohinton mistry's a fine balance . not by a long shot . kite runner is definitely not on par with that masterwork from a much more skilled writer . not the worst book out there , simply the most undeserving of such lavish accolades .
2			colors	good	colors	great	movies	good			not for me ! i did not like this movie . in search of good cult movies this is not one in my opinion it jumps around and trys to be everything . great cast good colors what disappointment . rent it or not .
1			armpits	poor	armpits	little			not happy with it . its does stop the pulling but i can not use this harness because it hurts my apbt . his poor little armpits are scabbed up because of this product , and it wasnt even fit too tight for it to hurt him like that . i returned it after 1 try .
2			dance	brilliant	it	depressing	lancaster	great	pollo	great			worth more than 5 stars ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! this is best film version of the phantom of the opera ever ! ! ! ! charles dance is brilliant as the phantom ! ! he was meant for the part of the phantom ! burt lancaster was great as the phantom's daddy ; it's so depressing that he's dead teri pollo was great as christine as well .
2			kiddies	grand	music	old	you	interested	album	available	it	good	price	reasonable	hippy	old	cost	great	it	worth	version	good			old protest music by an old hippy . definitely not country music . this is a compilation of songs published on other records . it is still good . writing a protest song was and is just country joe mcdonalds way of saying hello . if you are interested in the 60 or the vietnam war this is worth considering . the most known song on this album , the fixing to die rag , is less raucous than the woodstock version of that song and still a good version , with the advantage that i can play this one for the grand kiddies without their grandmother going ballistic . for a long time this album was only available at great cost but now it has been republished at a reasonable price and is worth considering .
2			price	low	watch	expensive no	value	incredible	professional	modern	watch	great	it	difficult	analog	professional	it	easy	watch	professional			an incredible value . i go through watches like water , so i needed an inexpensive watch with a metal band . i was initially skeptical of the watch because of its low price , but i ordered it anyway because i liked the design . this watch does not look like it's $ 17.00 this watch does not operate like it's $ 17.00 this is a phenomenal clasp is secure , it's easy to read , and i love the juxtaposition of analog and digital . if i had one critique , it would be that it's a little difficult to read the digital time in the dark with the nighttime illumination feature of the watch , but you can still read the analog you are looking for an inexpensive watch that is modern and professional , this is a great watch to buy .
2			piano	new	look	great			sturdy stand . just what i needed ! its very versatile . and very easy to set up . it look great along with my new korg piano !
2			characters	glorious	fun	great			great fun ! author charles carney has delivered a top notch , giggle producing tribute to some of the most glorious cartoon characters ever created . this is great fun , and something the whole family can enjoy .
2			movie	great	bowie	wrong	everthing	great	it	amazing	singer	bad			a great movie . the only thing that makes this movie not a 5 is the humans . connely can not act it's amazing she got an oscar bowie is wrong as the goblin king . the singer is way bad . everthing else is great .
1			quality	bad			stopped working after 3 months . i purchased this product from a target store less than 3 months ago and the fan motor just went out on it . this is the 3 d vornado product i have owned in the past year or two that had a faulty fan motor . bad quality ! ! don , t waist your money . you might as well stick with the much cheaper models that seem to last about the same amount of time as this premium model .
2			feels	clean	taste	great			refreshing clean taste . i love the product . i will never go back to toothpaste . great refreshing mint taste and mouth feels squeaky clean
2			i	impressed	book	great	job	great	impression	thin	auto	hard			a are gular guy astronauts biography . okay i have almost all the astronauts biographies and so called auto is hard to impress me , most of the time they are over the top and you can feel the air whipping thru their scarves . not true or impressive . but when i opened this 128 page book , my first impression was hmmm , thin ? but upon reading this i was impressed . captain scott , who flew twice in space has done a great job himself in writing and telling the story of the contempoary astronaut experience . from building model airplanes and watching 'sky king to flying the navy's f -14 tomcat , becoming a nasa mission specialist and walking in space , this is a great book . a quick read , and more importantly a fun will enjoy this one .
2			feat	great	feedback	good	tragety	great			truly a great cinematic feat . i don not know why people bother to comment on this if they don not leave good feedback . this is truly a cinematic great ! this is sparticus as it really happened ; not in a hollywood set . for the first time we know who verina is and how she and sparticus came to be . their love is truly one on great tragety however the hell you spell that . this deserves far more credit that these small minded people give it . one more thing , marcus lycenius crassus didn not make it through the battle with sparticus .
2			it	hate	expectations	false	you	disappointed	it	due	writers	literary	reflection	nice	place	empty	book	excellent	prose	great			love it or hate it , it's still great prose . i enjoyed this book and it was well written . it's a nice reflection of spirit of the time and it's well constructed . i have noticed that people either love or hate this book , but i m wondering how much of the reaction of those who hate it is due to false expectations based on the movie stone reader . i think this book will appeal to those who enjoy literary writers similar to james joyce and love reading well fashioned prose . however , if you are searching for a book that will change the way you think about the world or this piece of american history , you may be disappointed . the book is excellent for what it is beautiful prose about a writer's experience growing up in a culturally empty place in a particular time .
1			dvd	annoying	guy	poor	i	happy no	idiot	total	episodes	next			what the . these series started out great . there was enough comedy and kicking kitaro around . however , this dvd is annoying . there is not enough laughs and just the way these girls treat the poor guy is rediculous . the story gets completely idiotic and the plot is completely off . it feels like a total idiot is making up the story for the next episodes or there is not enough budget . i am not happy with this dvd and hope that the rest will get better .
1			one	good	camera	good	picture	great no	star	extra	software	live			good camera for the price . not a great picture , but a good one . better than any other cheap web cam i have ever owned . i didn not bother installing the live call software as i use skype and it works great for that . if i would paid full price $ 49 i would probably only given it three stars . the discounted price i paid $ 25 earns it an extra star .
2			all	great	look	great	bargain	great	it	easy	hands	big			logitech lx 3 mouse . i replaced a smaller wireless mouse with this full size corded mouse . i use it at work and enjoy the feel and the full size . the programmable wheel works great all 5 you have big hands you can rest a bit on the mouse . if you have a smaller hand you must rest your hand a bit higher on the mouse to effectivly click the buttions . great look and overall feel of the mouse . it tracks great and is easy to use and a great bargain . a better general use usb mouse as well . i would buy it again .
2			fans	die	rockin	great	fans	hard			triumph was a rock and roll machine ! in 1977 i walked into a record store that sold vinyl and saw this album on the shelf . the cover back then was the band live on stage with flames rising and they looked like they having a great time rockin . so i bought it , listened to it and enjoyed it very much , the song selection was a bit altered and included blinding light show , an awesome epic tune of almost nine minutes so i suggest finding that song on one of their albums but this collection is a must for die hard rnr fans . by the way , i saw the band shortly after my purchase a $ 5 ticket ! ! and was not disappointed .
2			packaging	impressive	towel	small	it	small	towel	great			too small to be useful . this would be a great towel to use after shampooing , but it's too small to wrap around your head like a turban for even a minute . it just won not stay . the packaging was very impressive as shown but the towel is just too small .
2			toy	great	level	next			great toy , a little simple for 2 . i bought this for my two year old and she loved it ! but she finishes the whole box of puzzles in a few seconds . for older two's and up i would maybe reccomend the next level of these that melissa and doug sell . i will follow up with how it goes !
2			set	great			great set . this was in perfect condition if you like the show then get this set . it includes all 44 season 10 episodes
2			side	soft	guys	interesting	lead	tough	seem	tasty	job	great	read	good	customer	tough			jean claude or richard who to choose . once again , the author keeps the action coming . hamilton does a great job of letting her female lead be stone cold tough when she needs to be without losing the soft , but down to earth feminine side . anita is one tough customer , who ya just can not help but like . the guys in her life are just as interesting . one can not help but understand anita's dilema in chosing they both seem tasty . any of hamilton's books are a good , entertaining read . while not necessary to understand them , do start at the beginning of the series for the most enjoyment .
2			dvd	great	price	expensive	price	worth	instructions	clear			great dvd for merengue . clear instructions and fun patterns make this dvd a pleasure to watch . this dvd will enhance your merengue dancing , especially for beginner and intermediate dancers . the dance patterns shown can also be adapted for salsa as well . dvd price is a bit expensive but well worth it .
2			album	live	lives	great	album	good	i	ashamed			pitiful , i m ashamed . glen benton of deicide was my neighbor before they got signed to a record label , and i thought they were kicking ass . once upon the cross , serpants of the light , their live album when satan lives was great and insineratehymn was good , but this is sad . there are some of the most lame effects i have ever heard on this album , and the songs were just poorly written . this is rediculous death metal and it's a sorry excuse for music . if i ever see glen back home again i m going to make sure he knows how bad he screwed up with this . insineratehymn will always be the greate st
1			unit	original	buy	bad	buttons	defective	reviews	positive	part	small no			midland 75515 lbpr a bad buy . i purchased this product not in small part due to the positive reviews i read . lucky them ! ! there was unacceptable distortion on one of the units in the set . a quick replacement was forthcoming from amazonwhich worked well . than the other original unit acted up . and another replacement was quickly sent by amazon . defective buttons ! so , at this point , i have one radio that works well and one radio that works fair . i suggest you look elsewhere if you want something of quality !
2			book	great	history	great			great book . this book combines great history with a thrilling murder mystery . great read for history buffs as well as mystery lovers .
2			prices	great	shipping	new	seller	great	note	personal			great seller . i bought my not he da vinci code cd from alan friedman store front here on amazon . he has great prices , i paid $ 6.99 brand new $ 2.98 shipping for this cd , he adds a personal note to the email notice and super fast shipping . i would highly recommend this seller . he has 100 five star rating and i will add another five stars . thanks alan . i would have left this review for mr friedman on his page via my order but for some reason the amazon system said this item not eligible for review , so here it is ! oh , and the da vinci code soundtrack is awesome . mark w .
2			artifact	powerful	magician	young	djinni	strong	book	great	magician	powerful			the amulet of samarkand . nathaniel , a young and powerful magician , summons the funny , but strong djinni , bartimeaus . nathaniel sends him to steal his enemy's most powerful artifact , the amulet of samarkand . the chapters in this book alternate from a first person bartimeaus , to a narrated nathaniel . nathaniel provides all of the drama , while bartimeaus makes you laugh . the writer uses footnotes , which is a very interesting writing style . this is a funny , and all around great book .
2			chew	great	chewers	heavy			great chew bones . these are great chew bones for my standard poodles both of whom are heavy chewers ! ! they are a bit pricey but worth every penny ! they last a while ! !
2			balance	great	reputation	solid			retro tried & true tough headphones . suits my needs almost perfectly . a great balance of quality construction , design , price and sound . all that and a life time warranty from a company with a solid reputation . i love these headphones .
2			product	great			cetaphil theraphutic hand cream . quick service . great product . not able to purchase locally . was recommended by a dermatologist for a skin rash on my right hand . the cream provides immediate and long term relief to my dry skin condition . i see a definite healing trend in progress .
2			feel	sorry	disappointment	great	performance	great	kaufman	hard			not too good ! jim carrey's performance was great , too bad andy kaufman's life wasn not , so don not make a movie about it . i was really looking forward to this movie it was a great disappointment to me and my family . the only reason i gave this 2 stars is because of carrey's performance . kaufman had problems but they would have been better shown in a documentary form in about 30 min . not a 2 hour movie . kaufman was very hard to feel sorry for even in the end . also he wasn not very funny at all , taxi was the only thing he done well . i wouldn not recommend this to anybody . sorry jim !
2			era	new	mania	greatest	bear	next	bear	great	book	good			just another new era , stocks only go up tract . if you know nothing about investing i do not mean saving , and you want to be a self proclaimed investment genius , then buy this book and join the masses of savers turned speculators who have only recently discovered stocks during the waning months and years of the greatest stock market mania in the history of capitalism . however , if you are a savvy investor , this book is good for a laugh , as are the scores of other get rich with stocks and retire early tracts , which years from now will be scoffed out by baby boomers sitting in cds after having lost half their life's savings or more in the next great bear market .
1			while	compatible no	experience	poor			poor experience on newer operating systems . people may have issues when using with newer operating syste ms i bought this in the hopes that , while not confirmed to be compatible with , it would work with my win 7 machine . sadly , it does not . even with drivers that can be found online , it seems to be hit or miss on whether or not you will get it to work . what does annoy me , however , is that the same can be said for vista , an operating system listed right on the back of the packaging , and on in the description . doesn not seem that the drivers needed came with the packaged disc , and after installing drivers i got online , the item seemingly chooses when it does and does not want to work on my vista machine . this supposedly works fine on older operating systems , but if you have a newer computer , i recommend looking elsewhere . it was cheap , luckily . though that doesn not change the fact that this is more or less useless to me .
1			product	horrible	people	bad	quality	horrible			do not bought take back now . this product is horrible ! my 6 year old recieved this present for xmas and we just opened it today . you can not see out the is like watching a bad digital people and object do not come into focusyou literally can not see what you are taking a picture of ! so we tried to download the horrible quality ! this is going back today !
2			barrett	great	documentary	new	documentary	real	film	available			let's have a real syd barrett documentary please ! the only reason this garbage is on the market is because , as we can all see , it is the only officially available film featuring or concerning the great syd barrett . the bbc have done a wonderful new documentary on syd's life and brief career which i believe includes the brief glimpses we get here of syd's floyd cavorting outside abbey road studios in london . let's get that film released as a tribute , and as an education to those who wonder who syd was and why he was so influential . then we can all throw this tawdry , disturbing and otherwise utterly worthless disc in the bin .
2			tips	good	uderstanding	clear	techniques	advanced	pictures	great	lists	great	uderstanding	nice	book	great			soldering , made simple . great book , simple easy to follow instructions . good safety tips , step by step how to . great pictures , charts . gives you nice clear uderstanding of soldering techniques , and if it doesn not work , helps you find our why and correct and learn from your error . which helps you as you advance to advanced techniques . great lists of needed items , so you know what supplies you need to get started without having to stop in themiddle of project to get that missing itemlike the title indicates soldering made simple .
2			nothing	suck	i	nice	this	suck	bird	little	voice	great			this sucks like nothing has sucked before . the only reason i gave this 2 stars is because it has bonus material on it . who knew that chris knight and maureen mccormick had made an album togetger ? i remember seeing maureen on american bandstand singing the song hey little bird and i thought she had a great voice ! and to finally find it on cd was almost more than i could bear ! ! how i drove my family crazy when i was a kid looking for that me do ? i finally threw this cd out when i moved to a cramped nyc apt and did not want to waste space on crap i would never listen to was nice for a laugh and a walk down memory lane but thats it ! !
2			they	great	horn	little	horn	big			remember gettysburg . there are three books in this series remember the alamo , remember gettysburg , remember the little big horn . in that order . they are great . buy all three and start with the alamo book . you won , t be able to put them down . time travel at its be st i only wish they would keep this series going . i have these time travel books framed on my wall . what a blast to go back in time and watch history take place . you won not be able to put these down once you start .
2			it	good	ms	different	sauce	great	recipe	good	sauce	good	sauce	hot			this is a great sauce to add directly to your food or to add to other sauces to jazz them up ! i love spicy food and i use franks redhot sauce on a lot of different ite ms it is good in mexican dishes , soups , bean soup , buffalo wings , baked beans , and many other foods . i like to even add it into barbeque sauce to spice it up and grill out using the mix as a basting sauce . sometimes i even mix it up into other sauces to make a hotter taste and you can really jazz up your cooking . i added a photo of the nutrition label for your help . there is a good recipe for buffalo chicken wings on the bottle . you should note that one teaspoon of this sauce does contain 8 of your daily allotment of is a good hot sauce and it is one of many that i enjoy .
2			product	good	finish	natural	motor	particular	price	great	motor	true	motor	big	quality	nice	pice	good			good pice for picco .26 jl reddot . this is the preferred pipe for a nitro picco .26 jl red dot engine . it screams and the quality is very nice on the pipe . however the manifold is not the same smoothness of the pipe if you care and you can tell it was painted to match the natural finish of the pipe . comes with everything you need to get it started and you should consider a picco adapter for this particular motor or you can stack the gaskets to make it work since this is made for a true big block motor . great price and good product .
2			routines	short	section	great	addition	great	workout	gentle	workout	easy	stretching	good	workout	hard no	workout	nice			nice and doable . this is not a hard core workout by any definition , instead it is a nice workout that is gentle and easy to do . i have been working on trying to get back into shape and have found the you . series extremely valueable including short routines with good stretching and enough of a workout that you feel your muscles moving and heart rate going but you do not feel like you are going to pass out . the beginners section is great is you are like me and just trying to get back into you have the book , the dvd is a great addition . highly recommended .
1			product	terrible	static	heavy	issues	similar	componets	electronic	luck	bad			terrible product ! i bought this phone just about one year ago and over the last month and a half have been experiencing heavy static and out of range messages . i currently have the phone away from all electronic componets and have moved it around my place several times but the results have been the same . my last phone was a sony cordless and i had it for over 3 years with no problems except for my roomate spilling water on it bad luck . i m shocked to see all of the similar issues with this phone and believe that panasonic should be liable for a full refund i will not waste my time on another panasonic phone . someone mentioned a class action might be time to look into that option .
2			techniques	sexual	techniques	various	addition	great	couples	attractive	eroticism	incredible			very well done ! this tape was developed in association with doctors and sex therapists at ucla school of medicine . the couples that appear in this video are very attractive and demonstrate various sexual techniques that can enhance the sex lives of anyone who views this video . the narration and visuals of this video combine to show the viewer the incredible eroticism and beauty of human sexuality . a great addition to anyones video collection !
2			playing	great	hits	big	song	old	albums	original			two fine albums on one cd . this is another compilation available of two original supremes albums on one cd . though the big single hits like stop in the name of love and you keep me hanging on stand out , both albums are really quite consistent . the songwriting team holland / dozier / holland wrote all the songs which is obviously part of the reasons for its consistency , but the singing and playing is great throughout the albu ms among the lesser known album tracks who coul ever doubt my love , heartaches don not last always and i m in love again all from more hits along with mother you , smother you it's the same old song and there's no stopping us now from sing holland / dozier / holland stand out . recommended for all fans of the tamla motown sounds .
2			source	great	feedbacks	necessary	pictures	informative			great source of information . it is a totally comprehensive book detailing the observations dave pelz has made from his schools and from his engineering studies of how a golfer can putt successfully by learning the feedbacks necessary to understand the mechanisms of putting . his tools can be made easily . there is a wealth of information , well presented , and informative pictures !
1			it	worst	sharing	good	emotions	personal	thinking	magical	it	best	people	best			the year of magical thinking . a well written book and a good sharing of personal emotions . sometimes seemed like name dropping at it's best or worst but i suppose if you know all the best people you mention them and their effect on your life .
2			techniques	great	date	little			thought provoking reading . i work in the industry mr cooper refers to and agree with the many ills he points out . i think his description of today's programmers is a little out of date many of them recognize their own shortcomings when it comes to user interaction design and more than welcome techniques he suggests for user interaction are great and i can see it how they could be extremely this book if you are in software product design or management . even if you dont agree with everything the author says it will still make you think .
2			fun	great			family fun . we look forward to this show every year , it's great lighthearted family fun ! just watch as the california raisins take over our favorite holiday it's absolute ravoc !
2			towels	wonderful	towel	great			great towel . these towels are wonderful . they are the thickest , heaviest towels i have ever bought . for the price i don not think you can find a better towel .
1			it	suck	it	useless	pet	electronic	pet	worst			wtf ? ? what is this . this has got to be the worst electronic pet or whatever u call it ever ! ! out of anything . anything ! ! first of all . the only reason their cutting the price so much is cause it sucks ! ! and it barely walks right on anything . it hops faster than it walks . and it walks backward faster . and it uses its batteries in like one hour . it becomes like an old retarded man and it dies . it cant even bend its joints . it has no lights ! and wow wee should have never releases it . it was useless . ur just gonna turn it on for like 10 minutes then forget about it forever . waste of money .
2			treats	great	nub	little	item	healthy no			bad for bunnies ! this is a very unhealthy item to feed to a rabbit ! try feeding your bunny a raisin . a dandelion blossom , strawberry top , or that little nub at the end of a banana are also all great treats for a bunny .
1			looks	good	feature	military	setting	comfortable	product	bad	quality	poor	fit	good	mistake	big			looks good , but doesn not work well at all ! unfortunately , the military grade sound cancellation feature didn not work as advertised . people on the other end of the phone could hear my car radio , wind noise , etc i even tried to press the bluetooth next to my face to get a good fit . the noise cancellation still didn not work . additionally , the sound quality was poor when using the ear buds that came in the package . i switched out the ear buds with jabra ear gels . this worked well , but maybe too well . the sound went from being very low to excruciatingly high . the jawbone's minimal range in volume control made it impossible to find a comfortable setting . overall , buying the jawbone was a big mistake ! i never write reviews online , but the product was so bad that i was forced to .
2			essayists	professional	essays	great	resource	valuable			not very instructive . all the sample essays are great . but their structures , i think , are elusive . the essayists are too professional to choose a college style method of writing and i had a very difficult time figuring out the elements of those essays . they scatter randomly in the articles and contradict what alfred rosa and paul eschholz teach it through and you will be overwhelmed with lots of flowery prose . it is a valuable reference resource , but not a guide .
2			game	great	it	easy	it	fun			fun game ! ! ! ! ! it is a really fun game . but you might have a bit of trouble with the jelly fish factory level . besides that it is really fun and easy to understand . i am 9 and think it is a great game . my mom is letting me write this review .
2			downloading	little	unbelievable	great	gadget	great			great gadget . this is great , unbelievable , only problem is did nt come with any software . downloading is little should make it easier even with appleweb site .
2			tools	great	steel	good	steel	strong	price	best			best price here on amazon . these usa made 30 bolt cutter ae the best for the money , strong , good steel , must have for cutting can not beat bargain buck stop for their prices ! thanks amazon and bargain buck stop . great tools and prices .
1			douglas	famous	example	classic	actor	best	guy	bad			. this . boring . boring . boring . i can not imagine why this movie was up for any award especially an academy award ! the best actor was the strung out teenager . i cannot believe that benicio del toro beat the bad guy from gladiator for his performance . it was truly the most twisted example of how politics and popularity rule the academy addition calling it a movie is really inaccurate . it is a documentary film . excitement ? number action ? no drama ? yes if not for the puzzle you have to put together to understand how all the characters are interwoven there is no entertainment value . this is a classic and depressing example of the . hollywood has been dishing out for the past couple of years with few exceptions . but you will watch it anyway for the sake of the famous douglas couple .
2			story	great			another great gangster story from gischler ! this book rocks , tarantino in written form . pure entertainment , kind of noir . i couldn not stop reading til the end .
2			overview	great	suits	real	condition	great	book	good			good book . this book arrived in great condition and the delivery was far as the content goes , it was a lovely book ; it provided a great overview of most , if not all environmental issues faced by us today . it also provided case studies and copious amounts of examples of real court suits that give reason to why our laws are the way they are today , as well as the flaws in those laws . loved it .
1			thriller	true	story	true	movies	bad	story	great	story	good	thriller	good	plot	bad	traffic	heavy	book	good			no tom clancey . when i read the back cover at the book store , i thought i was buying a good thriller . however , i was soon dissapointed . after reading through half the book , i saw it as i see many bad adventure movies that rely on gore to cover up a bad plot . this could have been a great story but did it need an passenger compliment of brain damaged people to make this story good . or the fact that almost everyone on the ground is an evil monster . i thought i was going to be reading a good book about desperate people trying to save the passengers with help from the ground . also , the suspense is lame , i was waiting to find out at the end that he only had 3 minutes to make it to his dinner appointment , and oh my , oh my , oh my , the traffic is heavy , oh my , he isn not going to make it , what is he going to do ! read the true story of fedex flight 705 for a true thriller instead .
1			vhs	defective	one	bad	model	defective	sensors	bad			defective model . dvd worked great , vhs was defective , found to have bad tape end sensors , im sure not all of them , but mine did . if you get a bad one , just return it with your receipt and get another .
2			he	humble	job	great			excellent self help book . this is an excellent book dealing with a topic most people struggle with at some level . the author does a great job of walking us through the problem of dependency and how we can become more self dependent . he is very humble and talks about his own life with many examples . in addition i liked the fact that the author acknowledges that we can never really be self dependent entirely . we can however , recognize issues and work towards being more self dependent .
2			it	perfect	kindle	innovative	gadget	little	internet	slow	kindle	easy	display	good	life	good	device	fantastic			amazing little gadget ! i have had my kindle for about two weeks now . i have found it be a fantastic device in almost every way . the display is very good and i have found it to not promote eyestrain . i have read for about three hours straight and my eyes didn not hurt at all . the battery life is very good , except if you leave the 3 on . with it on the battery lasted 6 hours ; off it lasted around 40 hours . the internet is frustratingly slow when you have less than 4 bars . overall , the kindle has proved to be a innovative and easy to use device . it is perfect for an avid reader like myself . i would reccomend buying it .
2			work	great			the voices of bethel let the healing begin . i was a member of mount bethel , until i moved to oklahoma 7 years ago . i try to keep up with what is going on there . my niece who works at the academy told me about this project and i could not wait to get a copy of it . mount bethel may god continue to bless you and your great work for the kingdom building there in fort lauderdale , florida . keep on praising the lo rd allenoklahoma city , oklahoma
2			buy	great	item	great	problem	main	looks	great	humidifier	good no	day	next			great buy . this item is great and it looks great . however the problem about the hygrometer is not the problem like most are saying in this review . the main problem i have solved is that the crystal humidifier that it comes with is not good enough for the humidore . you need another humidifier in inside it to get optimum humidity . i added the gel humidifier inside with the one it came with and by the next day when i checked it it had exactly 70 humidity on the hygrometer .
2			one	old	looks	good	picture	great			good looks , great sight picture . these mounts fit great on the 10 22 new or the 43 year old one i have . the see through allows for a great sight picture of the iron sights with a 30 m scope . no need for a rail gives them a clean look . the scope is held tight and stays true . i would recommend to a friend .
1			writing	funny	she	depressing	writing	readable	advice	good	competition	new	points	good	writing	bad			some good advice , but not worth buying . i started reading this book , and while it seems to have some good points , the writing is pretty bad strange for a book on writing to be poorly written . she keeps repeating herself over and over , about how successful she is . while trying to inspire , she is also depressing , that it may take years or decades to get yourself established . i don not think so . sounds like she's just trying to make money from this book , yet wants to discourage any new competition ! take my advice and buy the well fed writer by peter bowerman . his advice is better , his writing is funny and very readable , and he doesn not speak to the reader like they are a moron . which flynn does , by the way .
1			quality	poor	characters	flat	premise	basic	good	basic	whole	weak			basic premise good . this is a movie about a boy who is bullied for his protestant christian faith ; he meets the martyr st stephen , and is taken on a journey to see the plights of christians throughout common history . after these events , he finds the strength to stand up for his beliefs . the basic premise is very film as a whole , however , is weak . the half hour long video is full of flat characters , poor sound quality , and in the tyndale scene faulty and juvenile video is not suitable for any kind of catechetical instruction ; it's redeeming quality is that it may help children ages 9 -12 to stand up for what they believe in .
2			tinkles	great	work	best	albums	best	album	great	tunes	live	mixture	great	tunes	new	songwriting	great	production	great			this is a great album ! anchor drops is umphrey's best studio work to date and one of the best albums of the year , imo . great songwriting , great production , the whole addition to featuring many of the songs that umphrey's has turned into such great live tunes tinkles , mulche's , kitchen , jajunk , walletsworth , the album features several new tunes that have never been played live . check out the clip of the first track the plunger for an example of one of these new you are a fan of any type of rock music and you have never heard umphrey's , you really should check out this album . the band plays a great mixture of genres and many are represented on this disc . you won not be you have heard umphrey's before , then what are you waiting for ?
2			coincidences	mysterious	edition	next	book	fascinating	coincidences	incredible	objectivity	great			an objective view of mysterious coincidences . the incredible coincidences in the case studies presented in this book are handled with great objectivity by stiffler . i have just reunited with my birthmother and sent her a copy of the book as well . after reading the book , which i gladly stayed up half the night to finish , i was able to write over one page of synchronicities in the adoption triad of which i m a vertex . while stiffler's dissertation , as she readily admits in the book's introduction , was hastily placed in book form and needs further assistance with writing and editing she asks readers for assistance with suggestions for the next edition , i found the book fascinating . i m thankful that stiffler has tackled such intriguing subject matter and i look forward to further research into synchronicity and the adoption triangle .
2			imagination	great	looks	good	choice	good	hit	great	son	old			good choice . i got this for my 4 1 2 yr old son and he has not played with it yet , but i know he will love it . the only issue maybe the tongue may break off easily depending on how rough he / she plays with it . my son has a great imagination and loves to create stories of dinasours & dragons and this will be a great hit for him . the paint and detail looks very good on this toy .
2			techniques	incredible	book	incredible	one	new	it	great			an incredible book ! i absolutely looved this book ! it was great . the author creates such an intricate story , that at first almost seems like it doesn not make sense , but by the end everything connects and fits together perfectly . this book makes you want to keep reading and reading , to find out exactly what will happen to each character as a new one is introduced ! read this book first , and you will surely be hooked on maeve binchy's incredible writing techniques !
2			buy	great	inconvenience	small	alarm	separate	it	difficult			very good . i don not normally like emerson products but this one is proving to be a great buy . i researched several projection clocks before settling on this one and , after 6 months , still don not regret my choice . i keep my bedside clock set 30 minutes ahead don not ask . and when unplugged and re plugged in , the clock will actually reset itself to the 30 minute difference even though there is no time zone that is 30 minutes ahead of mine . i really appreciate that about this clock . i also love the two separate alarm only thing i dislike is that the projector arm is not on a swivel . in order to get the time projected squarely where i want it , i have to position the clock at an off kilter angle , which makes it a little more difficult to see on my side of the bed . a small inconvenience that doesn not bother me anymore . highly recommended .
2			pump	great	wear	little	ms	proble	it	easy			love it ! i have used my pis 1 -3 per day for the last 7 months with no proble ms i love this pump . it's very easy to throw it over your shoulder and take it with you . i am a busy student and this pump has survived several months of being stuffed under chairs , into lockers , and thrown into the backseat of my car with little wear and tear . i have never had a problem letting down , and the milk comes quickly . really , no complaints . i think this a great pump and worth every penny .
1			it	hard	sections	entire	page	next	editing	poor			poor editing . i just received this book yesterday , so i don not have a lot to say about the test taking advice and practice questions . all i have read so far is the first chapter introduction . in all honesty , i find it hard to believe this book was even edited . on at least four occasions , i found myself feeling deja vue and the reason was entire sections were duplicated and repeated in succession ! and it's not like they accidentally put in the same page twice . you finish a section at the bottom of one page , and there it is again at the top of the next page . i just don not understand how that could happen if anyone took the time to give the chapter a once over they would have caught it . interestingly , you can see the introduction right here on amazon before purchasing , but the problem appears to have been fixed for the online view . too bad not for the $ 26 version i bought .
2			quick	good	grasp	strong	history	great			great history of the middle east . mrs albright has a strong grasp of middle eastern history as well as islam . a good quick read by a very moderate voice .
1			it	bad	it	ok	it	worth	quick	real			it's just ok . this is like a real quick over view of things . i did not think it was worth the price . like i said it wasnt bad , but youre not going to pass the nationals with it or become an expert after watching it .
2			job	great	walk	outstanding	barrymore	best			barrymore's best . john barrymore gives a performance for the ages as the title character . his walk , body language , makeup and voice are outstanding and he makes the mesmerist a very tragic overlooked archie mayo does a great directing job for this early sound film and the very green marion marsh , helped by barrymore , is the doomed trilby . this is barrymores's greatest hour .
1			disaster	previous	film	worst	cast	good	it	boring	director	worst			worst film of the century . uwe boll seems to be getting worse every year . this is by far the worst film of 2005 it's awful and boring from start to finish and like his previous disaster house of dead makes a mockery of the source material . this is not a horror film , it's a boring , idiotic , and disgusting geek show from start to finish . uwe toiletboll may very well be the worst director on reco rd i m also very sad that he got the rights to blood rayne . the cast is good but i m sure he will find a way to butcher it still .
2			product	great	mug	french	deal	big	grounds	extra			great product . i absolutely love this french press mug ! the compartment for storing extra coffee grounds or tea is also a wonderful addition . i would have given it five stars , if it weren not for one glaring complaint that i have . the capacity of the mug is lacking . maybe i m a caffeine fanatic , but this mug doesn not hold enough coffee for my liking . not a big deal , as i just brew a second cup once i get to work . but i wish i could brew a single cup for my drive to work and save those extra coffee grounds for another cup later in the day . still , well worth investing in !
1			camera	poor	mp	old			very poor quality camera don not purchase . i bought the kodak z 1275 thinking the 12 mp would make for better photos not the case , my old 4 mp produces much sharper images . other problems include red eye , even using the red eye reduce function , very blurry zoom images , slow , poor led display . i could go on but i won not . i would not suggest buying this camera , and certainly not through amazon , which only has a 30 day refund policy . between their policy and kodak's , i am now stuck with this piece of junk .
1			cd	worst	it	amazing	album	terrible			possibly the worst cd i have ever heard . it is amazing in its own sense , that such a terrible album be produced , then released and then praised by people who give 5 star reviews . i seriously believe that it must have been faster to programme and write the album than its whole actual play time . by no means even worth thinking about . people will argue that i dont get it but its not hard to differentriate between talent and stupidity .
2			cable	nice	value	great	price	low			cheap and deep . nice long cable for a low price . using it for an xbox 360 and it works great . cover is a bit thinner than most out there but i don not plan on chewing on it anytime soon . great value !
2			cd	next	future	great	vocals	great	band	great	piano	electric	energy	great			great energy . great band . i first was introduced to cat empire when they performed sly on the late show with letterman . what a fun , energetic of great vocals , amazing keyboard play , particularly electric piano , and that horn player adds a great topping to the songs are fresh , with lots of jazz , blues , rock influence . can not wait for their next cd . a standout group , with a great future .
1			points	good	lines	good	temptations	sexual	experiencdes	bad			unrealistic . i thought this book had very good points and morals . joshua harris had very good guide lines for dating within a christian stand point . the points of resisting sexual temptations are good but wont apply to everyone . most of these guide lines are unrealistic , because society today does not really think that far into dating . i think joshua wrote these things and believes this way because he had bad experiencdes in relationships . you can date someone and still stay within christian morals . the answer is not to just stop it all together . if you cant resist the temptations of dating then you wont be able to resist anything of this world . all and all i thought this book had good points but it wont apply to everyone .
2			you	interested	detail	entertaining	detail	great			entertaining and informative . this book was absolutely engrossing and full of great detail and history about east africa . the author brings together the lives that have helped shape the region into what it is today , and intertwines their stories thoughout . his detail of the history is not only thorough , but entertaining to read as well . his description of the trek itself often makes you feel as though you are there . this is an absolute must read if you are interested in visiting east africa , or if you are generally interested in understanding the relationship between man and wildlife , and the struggle to find a viable balance between the two .
2			drivers	new	looks	great			win 2 drivers that work ! looks great and had no troubles after i downloaded and installed the new win 2 drivers .
1			reviews	good	product	worst			worst product ever . i can not believe it had so many good reviews . this product can not remove stains at all .
2			heart	foolish	nephew	old	fan	huge	cd	great	cd	live	month	next	rest	impressive			yes ! i have been a huge fan ever since my then 17 year old nephew turned me on to kurt . all of his cd's get five stars in my opinion ! he scats , he be bops , he croons , he sings ! what a talent ! and the rest of the band is equally impressive . these guys cook ! great live cd . great take on my foolish heart . can not wait to see them at the backstage bistro in st louis next month !
2			movie	great			missg . this is a great movie . just like the rest of the fast and furious movies it's filled with lots of action . i love it !
1			cd	easy	ms	proble	mix	bad			easy cd creator 5 & wiindows 2000 bad mix . i had a ton of problems with the software generating errors under a windows 2000 environment . i switched back to version 4 with absolutely no proble ms download all the updates and patches you want , however , it still will not like windows 2000
1			scene	typical	empty	nice	effects	special	superiority	cultural	script	ridiculous	science	bad			bad science meets worse script . the day after tomorrow tdat reminds me of an empty headed , cheeky blonde nice to look at , but vapid . tdat combines bad science with a ridiculous script . the scene with escaped wolves threatening the protagonists on a ship that has washed up on fifth avenue in manhattan is typical , over the top , silly dreck . nauseating groaners permeate this radical environmentalist dream such as after half of the us is destroyed with -150 degree cold descending from the upper atmosphere , an astronaut says in all seriousness , the air seems clearer . tdat only redeeming quality is its eye popping special effects . the tornados decimating la are spectacular . the nyc flood satisfies all who question manhattan's cultural superiority . unfortunately , all this eye candy isn not enough to rescue this stinker .
2			music	classical	music	traditional	christmas	classical	artists	great	mix	good			a classical christmas . i bought this cd several years ago and for one reason or another , it set on the shelf untouched till now . well , i finally pulled it down and listened to both cd's . it is a wonderful colection of classical christmas music performed by great artists , musicians and vocalists . there is a good mix of traditional and symphonic music included . the titles i most enjoyed are those performed by the kings choir at cambridge . be asured , those beautiful treble voices will push your sound system to it's upper limits ! this cd will make a terific addition to your christmas cd collection enjoy !
2			tracks	extra	soundtrack	great			cum on warner brothers ! ! this was a great soundtrack , except , that it did not include all of the kelly preston vocals , mr scruff , oliver james singing get up offa that thing which was better than james brown . and last , but not acheson singing have i told you lately which was sung when daphne and libby reunite with henry at the end at the the i knew where to write to warner brothers . i would ask for a re issue with extra tracks . i rate this soundtrack four stars because of the above omissions .
2			product	great			great product . i originally found this product on another site and it cost twice as much . they claim you will see a difference in 5 days . my 10 yo rottweiler had knee surgery and gets a bit stiff as a result . i have tried other products , this one seems to work the be st i only give it once a day and mix it in her food . the bottle lasts a long time .
1			i	disappointed	expectations	high	riffs	heavy	riffs	clear	song	best	tracks	bad			quite disappointing . i have been a korn fan pretty much since they started and after the brilliant third album follow the leader i had high expectations for this album . i was very disappointed . the best song on this album , falling away from me would only rate as about the seventh best song on folow the leader . there are too many bad tracks on this album , and the better ones are still only seems that the band rushed this album only a year between issues and follow the leader . the tracks are not polished and the heavy but clear riffs from the last album are replaced with unimaginative , repetitive , un korn like ones . overall quite disappointing
1			it	amazing	part	best	it	bad	material	extra			far too imperfect for the money . it is amazing that in this day and age digital leisure has failed to perfect this game on blu ray . while reasonably fun , it still has enough glitches to break it . when playing ace difficulty , for example , the cut scene with dexter in the space ship with kimberly on the monitor pleading , get me out of here ! is missing . did they really think fans of the game wouldn not notice something like this ? using the ps 3 with the latest firmware , there are glitches a plenty , and it is too bad . the best part of this disc is the extra material with don bluth and company . i am sad to report the the most perfect version of this game on a console , although not as pretty as this blu ray version , seems to be the version released by readysoft on the atari jaguar cd , which i still own . same goes for dragon's lair . of course , many of the pc versions are just as good or better .
2			thoughts	great	thoughts	entertaining	material	significant	logic	political	index	useful	tool	good	logic	social	tool	great	thoughts	great no			great reference tool but often puzzling . seldes's work on this book is admirable . it is a good tool for finding what notable people had to say about most things . the index is useful for just such research , and the value in that is that this volume has a way of directing you to further material you may need . as a book of aphorictic expression , seldes's great thoughts is entertaining too . it is a worthy read from cover to cover just to see what he thought great enough to include . i found the alphabetical by author format practical and , as said , the index works well for searching out subject material . what i find strange about the book is its puzzling tendency to value some patently impractical thoughts that are clearly not great or even all that influential , on the surface anyway , as well the absence of some historically significant material . no doubt seldes had his logic , political and social , and that is also an interesting aspect of reading the book .
2			thing	entire	they	sturdy no	greyhound	italian	look	good	thing	plastic	it	great	steps	close			was disappointed in the pupstep . i purchased this product for my italian greyhound with the expectation it would be great to take the stress off her long legs . i have found that the steps are so close together that she has to hunch her body together to use them . they are not as sturdy as i expected them to be . she only weights 12 lbs but they seem almost fragile . i did not think they look very good in my home as the entire thing is plastic . i will give this purchase to my son for his older , smaller dog and hope they can use it .
1			cops	bad	america	small	corner	small	reader	wonderful	book	good			finding small town america . the book is very good at capturing the essence of small town america . there are the simple loving long time residents , corrupt politicians , good and bad cops as well as all kinds of colorful personalities living their lives in a small corner of america . reacher wanders into the turbelent lives of a number of lifetime residents and finds himself in a life and death struggle to find meaning and salvation for his lonely wandering lifestyle . he uses the skills he learned while in the military to survive the excesses of organized crime and come to terms with his relationship with his murdered brother . the audio reader was wonderful and the story was riveting .
2			romance	historical	talent	great	you	upset	i	bored no			surprisingly excellent . i generally do not write reviews and will not claim to be a critic , but i was thrilled with this book . you can read the synopses above and below , but know that as a rabid reader especially of romance who has been discouraged by the lack of quality writing in this genre , ms navin truly made my weekend ! i couldn not put this book down . she has a great talent for drawing you into the story , and i was not in the least bored like i have been so frequently as of late . if you like historical romance , give this one a try , although then you will be upset she doesn not have many titles to her name .
2			choreographed	ridiculous	flashes	occasional	music	great	band	japanese			crouching tiger , hidden matrix . it's basically a comic book for teens . overblown dialogue and fight sequences in the tradition of those ridiculous choreographed hong kong kung fu flicks of the 70 s . sometimes stylish in a trashy way and with occasional flashes of great music loved the japanese girl rock band . but overall it gets boring after a while and your eyes drift to the clock . worth a watch just to see what all the fuss was about , but ultimately a dud .
1			generals	french	coast	bad	quality	poor	portions	interesting	movie	poor	it	necessary			poor anti war movie . i am trying to decide if i am going to throw this dvd away . i watched the whole movie . it was the toughest sit through since mosquito coast with harrison fo rd i do not mind watching a movie that is making the case that war is is bad , even though sometimes it is necessary . however , the movie itself jumped all over the place . as another review said , the relationships were poorly built . at first the animated portions of the film were interesting in an artsy way , but they kept coming back and were over used . the battle / war itself should have been more focused upon . the crimean war was badly fought and this could have been a much better movie if it had shown the poor quality of generalship on both sides instead of just showing the character of the british and french generals .
2			opener	great	it	difficult			difficult to hold . we have other cordless can openers in the past and this one really disappointed us . while this may be a really great can opener , it is difficult to hold while opening a can . we also found it to be very noisy . i would not recommend this product to and older person .
1			scenes	sexy	editing	poor			not good , even for light reading . i m embarrassed that i even read this book through to the end . the dialogue was wooden , the plot was was like something from a harlequin romance from the ` 80 , yes , i know whereof i speak ; my older sister used to bring them home all the time back then and it was smattered with sex scenes that were anything but sexy . i might have overlooked all that if i had liked even one character , but somehow the author didn not create a single well developed character in 550 pages plus . alas , the potential i saw in the back cover blurb kept me reading , hoping it would get better , but all i got was badly written chick lit , and poor editing to boot .
1			purchases	due	w	direct	experience	bad	books	available			i got ripped off . the product was advertised as new from almost $ 50 based upon that statement . other used books were available at less than $ was shipped wrapped in paper , not a box or bubble wrap . corners of book were damaged . delivery took forever , feel i got taken advantage of due to not be doing any used book purchases thru amazon in the deal direct with used book dealers w / o middleman . expected a certain degree of quality control using amazon . overall bad experience . i would rethink using that seller if i was , what's done is done . i got ripped and learn . stephen
2			review	previous	fan	great			bad . previous review was never printed . i will condense . this was trash . too bad . i was a great bowie fan .
2			things	little	rocks	good	lyrics	deep	charlotte	good	one	new	riffs	awesome	variety	good			good charlotte rocks buy this cd ! good charlotte is an awesome punk band , and their self titled cd kicks rear . all of the songs on the cd are great , especially little things motivation proclamation change and waldorf worldwide . they are songs have good variety from emotional to fun . its the type of cd that i love to play super loud while driving in my car . the guitar riffs are awesome and the song lyrics are deep and meaningful . any fan of pop punk bands like blink -182 green day and sum 41 will love this cd ! i can not wait for their new one !
1			waste	complete	piece	worst			worst piece of junk ever not do it . this dresser is quite possibly the worst piece of junk i have ever purchased . it weighs a ton , is so poorly made , the drawers are very shallow and impossible to pull out . i can not even believe target would put their brand on this product . don not waste your money thinking that this is a nice cheap 's a complete waste ! look at the reviews on target . eveyone agrees with me .
2			book	bad no			not up to par . this wasn not a bad book by any stretch of the imagination , but it didn not nearly have the intense drama of the others i have read from crichton . i was not on the edge of my seat , unable to put the book down . unless you have read most of his others , hold off on this one .
2			sax	great			disapointed . i was looking for plays pretty for the people . to me this is his toprelease and showcases his many facets . please guys lets make this available ! thanks to other opinions i won not bother with great sax .
1			rep	good	game	entire	game	worst			good for its time . this is the worst racing game ever . it may have been goo din 2001 but by todays standerds its horrible . gta is so much better . the entire game is very dark worse than any ive seen . dont buy this despite its good rep .
1			choices	bad			porn queen ? let's move on please . this book was rather inspiring , as cheesy as that sounds . who among us wants to be known for the rest of our life by the mistakes we made as a teenager ? i am guessing none of us . but for traci lords , she will forever be associated with book was fascinating as it describes her childhood , and gives us a look into a different time the early 80 s where she could easily slip into doing porn movies at the age of 15 traci describes her motivations for why she has done things a certain way , how she got into and out of porn the bad choices she made with men , and her struggles in her career . this book is always honest and straighforwa rd traci takes full responsibility for her actions and describes the effect it had on her life . a worthwhile read .
2			suchet	great	price	high			suchet great ; photography unappealing . i agree the price is way too high . suchet is great , butthe photography is unappealing on older equipment . fuzzy , like the lens was dusty / foggy and dark . i m surprisedmore reviewers haven not mentioned this . i do miss ms lemon , inspector japp it's misleading to have them mentionedin the headlines . i appreciate having the subtitles .
2			experience	different	addition	great			a great addition . my experience with this book was certainly different from that of the reader above . i loved the book . i have referred to it many times and have tried many of the ideas . i recommend it completely , and i am plan on buying 103 as soon as i can .
2			maestro	great	genius	inspiring	principles	easy	sections	helpful	model	great	job	great	book	great			great book , great model , great maestro . this was a great book based on a great maestro . the genius of davinci is inspiring and gelb does a great job of piecing together the maestro's genius into 7 easy to understand principles . for me , the practice sections detract from the rest of the book although i would guess that many people find these sections helpful for giving context and making the principles pragmatic .
2			christopher	golden	series	great	authors	best	i	ashamed			wonderful series . i m a little ashamed to say that i m 36 and i love buffy . i started watching this show one christmas while i was gift wrapping and i got hooked ! most of the books are not very good but this series is great . very much in tune with the characters of the show . christopher golden is one of the best buffy authors . you should definitely order all four books at the same time so that you will not be left in the middle .
1			things	bad	it	repetitive			utterly biased and misleading . this is one of the most biased , misleading books i have ever read . it reports all of the bad things that the south and the americans did , but totally ignores the atrocities committed by the north , like the 10 000 civilians killed in hue during the 1968 vc offensive , including many who were buried alive . if the author is truly a pacifist , why are these not mentioned ? beyond that , it tends to be repetitive and self congradulatory .
2			musicians	great	risk	big			not as bad as one would think but . . . . there are limitations mainly j . d . 's vocals that come off as satisfactory but not horrible . sure i did not expect for him to sound as good as he does and he does pull it off well maybe not creep well enough to get by . korn has taken a big risk with doing an unplugged album as most would think they are not the type of band for this setting and do struggle a bit . luckily enough they are surrounded by great musicians who truly pick up the slack . not to mention great by no means did they hit this one out of the park . it is more like something between a double and a triple . all in all a experience for all korn fans . some might like it . . i certainly do .
2			writings	lyrical	gook	technical	project	personal	photographer	creative	nature	interested	deal	great			wonderful . brandenburg is know as a thoughtful and creative photographer , a reputation this book will only enhance . chased by the light is filled with wonderful color photographs taken on a 90 day experiment in photographic self discipline . one single photographic exposure every day from the autumnual equimox to the winter solstice . all of the photographs were taken in brandenburg's backyard of northern minnesota , an area he obviously cares a great deal about . the book , based on a personal project he created for him own satisfaction never expecting to publish , is also full of lyrical writings about brandenburg's thinking about the project , insights into some of the struggles and origins of the idea for chased by the light and is , thankfully , devoid of the usual technical gobbedly gook associated with photography books . a book well worth owning for the nature photographer or anyone interested in wonderful photographs of nature .
1			days	old	nothing	bad	scene	big	films	bad	something	old	stuff	good			not even exorcism could save this film . in the old days the only way you could buy films was on super 8 m . they would be cut down to 10 or 20 minutes , and sometimes mediocre films would be much better with all the padding cut out . bad films would become fun sometimes . but even on super 8 m , you couldn not improve this . why ? because it's all padding . anything to avoid telling the story in the book . honestly , there is nothing there for 97 of the time , and when it does try to throw in a big scene like the battleship fighting a war machine , it just looks like something a four year old might come up with on his fisher price my first computer . there isn not even 5 minutes of good stuff here . this is so bad nothing can save it .
1			quality	poor			seconds ? or poor quality control ? in the package i received , 4 out of 12 hooks were misshaped , with one or both of the hooks not fully formed or missing . it appears that the molds used to form the pieces were not completely filled at the time of manufacturing . these deformed hooks should have never made it past quality control at the factory . you cannot see the deformities until the package is opened so , unless they are selling seconds as first quality , i do not fault the seller . since i was in the middle of renovations , i did not open the package until after the 30 day return policy had expired . i have learned my lesson ! again , i do not fault the seller for the poor quality of this product ! but if you decide to purchase these shower hooks , be prepared to buy two sets !
2			series	great	level	current	they	great	in	great	it	depressing	books	great			good in spanish or english ! this was the first in the franklin in spanish series of books that i read with my daughter . my daughter loves for me to read it to her , each sentence first in spanish , then in as well as the other books in this series is great for two reasons . first , they teach the life lessons that franklin books and videos typically second , for any person learning spanish , they are also great for learning common vocabulary and expressions . you want to learn the kind of vocabulary and expressions that everybody will know ? look at a book written for five year olds ! unfortunately , it's a bit depressing knowing that my current knowledge level is somewhat below a latino pre schooler . but if you can put aside your pride , this series is great for helping to learn the language .
2			product	great	everyone	impressed	idea	great			great product ! this opener was given to my husband for his birthday & we use it all the time . what a great idea for several openers all in one ! i ordered two for our son in law , who keeps one @ home for himself & our daughter to use & they took the other one to his parents cottage . everyone is very impressed with this product ; the inventor is a genius !
1			graphics	average	animations	realistic no	hitters	good	dissapointment	complete	controls	bad			terrible . this game was a complete dissapointment . last years one was pretty good and realistic . but this year it got worse . the graphics are only average , controls are bad , and animations are unrealistic . almost any pitch you throw in the zone is a homerun against the good hitters . i can hit 4 homeruns in one game with one player and not even have to try ha rd dont even rent this game . its not worth it .
2			product	great	alternative	great	condition	good	one	new	condition	great			in great condition . i needed this for my massage diploma but didn not have the money for a new one . this is a great product and is in really good condition for a second hand book . great alternative to getting a brand new one .
1			home	large	shipping	bad	product	good	one	new			good product , bad shipping . i like the product , the only drawback is that it does not hold a charge as long as i need to do all of my floors i have a large older home with hardwood floors throughout . i do the 1 t floor , recharge and then do the 2 d floor the following day . i ordered the product on december 10 h for xmas but it did not arrive so a new one was shipped dec 26 h .
2			book	particular	hickey	right	philosophers	great	everyone	interested			a classic for one and all . when i lived in boston i would go to hear isabel hickey at boston university ; her lectures were such a joy . there are so few great philosophers and metaphysicians today who give themselves in this way . i recommend this particular astrology book to all my students at santa fe community college , where i teach the psychic crafts , and to my psychic and astrological clients . hickey is almost always right on with her psychological astrology readings . everyone who is interested in astrology should own this book .
1			quality	poor	concept	attractive	unit	defective no	concept	nice	quality	difficult			nice concept poor sound quality . while a very attractive concept , in use the sound quality of these units for the caller who calls the parrot ezdrive is rather muffled and difficult to understand . i purchased two of them for each of our cars and they both have the same problem so it is not because of a defective unit . also the voice prompts for answering the phone and ending the call do not seem to work . but most importantly , the sound quality for the person at the other end of the call is far from acceptable .
2			sex	hot	problems	numerous	comments	negative	humor	great	lifemates	interesting			where's the romance ? i am not going to bore already bored readers by going over all the numerous problems with this book . just read all the other negative comments and you will know all you need to save you the money of buying this book . i have read all the dark series and for the most part i love them , even though i realize they are very repetitious , but who cares the sex is hot and the lifemates are interesting and full of great humor and ang st not so here . i kept looking to see how many pages and how many more hours of boring text i would have to read before i finished this book . too many . please ms feehan get back to what you write best , forget all the fight scenes and stick to the romance . where's the romance ? ?
1			quality	poor			sound bug indeed . bought this for my laptop hoping to improve the volume when playing dvds . unfortunately it has to be plugged into the headphone socket so the built in speakers are muted and the sound bug's volume is poor quality and lower than the speaker volume , no matter where i place the bug . like the concept but not the quality . for me it was money wasted .
1			experience	bad	book	new			applications& investigations in earth science . book arrived as promised ; used in decent condition . upon using this week in class , it was noted that random pages are missing . now i m unable to return and i must purchase a new book . not happy at all . this is my first bad experience and hopefully last !
2			move	creative	art	great	movement	outstanding	mix	outstanding			very creative move . these tracks rank very highly compared to everything that i have heard out there . the mix and the movement are outstanding . the work of this group is really great sound art . the mix of free your mind is emotioanlly moving too . the 2 tracks of action reaction are really amzing and diversified . i heard another track out last week that was incredible that i am looking for .
1			way	big	plot	amateurish	portraits	worst	writing	ludicrous			follett fouls out with the third twin . as an avid reader of adventure and mystery , ken follett has written some of my favorite books but this one disappoints in a big way . the character of jeannie ferrami was one of the worst portraits of a smart woman i have encountered ever ! the plot was completely ludicrous the writing amateurish and the characters cardboa rd mr follett has someone cloned forgot to add the writing gene ? this book cannot be written by the same man who wrote the key to rebecca or the eye of the needle .
2			style	great	way	great	book	fabulous			amazing . o my god . words cannot describe how fabulous this book was . isi love it . the writing style is great but i don not like third person usually but this was a great way to write it
2			cheese	free	dieters	great			great for us dieters ! i eat this on everything , because it gives a ton of flavor and almost no calories ! on cut up apple for a snack on wasa crispbread topped with fat free cottage cheese on scambled eggs counterbalances the fact that they are mostly egg whites ! ! sprinkled on vegetable soup sprinkled on poached fishi swear , this stuff is responsible for about half of the 70 pounds i lo st
2			way	great	dinner	nice			i love it . i love this ice cream maker . it takes about 45 minutes & you have ice cream ! great way to end the evening after having a nice dinner .
2			life	personal	examples	practical	book	great			great book . deserves an a . this book covers the subject of crisis management with factual review and analysis . it gives practical examples of do's and don not s while keeping the reader's attention . anyone dealing with crises , even in their personal life , would do well to read this book . this one goes on my library shelf to keep !
1			use	classical	languages	biblical	testament	new	dictionary	difficult	terms	technical	testament	old	dictionary	simple	article	important	dictionary	poor			less than the basic . this dictionary is poor indeed . to make it plain , vine's dictionary may be simple enough to be used even by people not acquainted with the biblical languages or the linguistic technical terms , but many times it offers enlightening information even to scholars . on the contrary , renn's dictionary says less than the basic . to give an example , the very important article create says nothing ! about the use of qanah in the old testament . the same lemma , mentioning the word ktizo in the new testament , says nothing about its background and its classical use . just compare these articles with the ones of vine , and you will understand what i mean . hence , i would recommend this dictionary only to people who find even vine's dictionary difficult to read .
2			rd	scary	chair	flat	idea	great	i	careful	chair	old	seemed	great	it	safe no			product hazard parents beware . i would give this chair 0 stars if that was an option . the chair seemed great at first in helping my son sit upright and practice his sitting skills . he started using the chair around 4 months old . i was very careful in using this chair . i only put him in it when it was on the floor and i was always nearby to supervise . one day my son was reaching for a toy next to the chair and he fell completely out of the chair flat onto his face . luckily he wasn not hurt and there was no furniture nearby for him to bump into , but this could have been a very serious and scary haza rd the chair seems like a great idea , but i really want all parents to know that it is not safe . i have written the company to complain and am awaiting a full refund . don not use this chair for your baby .
2			product	great	it	great			great product . this was my first time having the antec notebook cooler , and it was great . if you are distractive from noise this product will fit you well . antec inc notebook cooler
2			gift	great	monkeys	cool	book	great	it	great			great surprise gift for the sock monkey fan . this was a christmas gift . sock monkeys are cool and making a comeback . will be a great book for bedtime story . buy a sock monkey for your child and read them this book . they will think it is great .
2			compartment	main	i	satisfied	value	high	metal	big	case	soft	case	great			very high value soft case . this case is great ! thick foam padding on the sides and bottom to protect your rifle five handy magazine pouches that close securely behind a velcro panel a big , metal , double zipper to keep the main compartment closed up metal buckles and d rings to secure the shoulder strapi can not find anything wrong with this case , and you definitely can not argue with the price . i bought the 36 and it cost me less than 20 bucks ! i m very satisfied with this case .
2			ending	happy no	read	great	it	happy			accidents waiting to happen , by simon wood . great read . hard to put down . twists and turns keep you on your toes . ending gets a little messed up trying to make it happy but who likes an unhappy ending anyhow ?
2			fit	thin	lenses	clear	fit	great			exactly what i was looking for . a great fit for me since the wire frames are super thin and don not ruin your sound protection with earmuffs like my other glasses do with their thicker frames . i bought the clear lenses for shooting .
2			movie	great	deal	big	flick	good			great movie lousy dvd quality , i mean lousy . i saw this movie many years ago , still a good flick ! but the quality of the dvd is just plain lousy , audio cuts off as if the movie is censored , color ? ? what color ? ? no big deal to spend $ 7.00 if you would like to see the movie but you sure do not want to include this dvd with your prized collection !
2			products	free	trainer	free	sippy	great	it	hard			great sippy and it does not leak ! i have never rated a product on before , although i have purchased here many times . i did not purchase the born free trainer cup through , however , my daughter 8 months has two of these right now and they work great ! they are bpa free actually a company who intends to provide bpa free products and has taken a stance on it and they don not only reason i gave 4 stars instead of 5 is because i wish they had one that was even smaller it's still hard for her to hold it up high enough to drink out of on her own , but she is getting the hang of it so i will be purchasing some more !
2			book	fantastic	navy	greatest			very educational to a beginner . fantastic book ! i haven not thought about anything but the men of this book since i started it . i want to learn more about wwii and clash of the carriers is helping me . buy this book and learn about the greatest navy in history !
1			showers	golden	sex	interesting	drugs	interesting	novel	bad			sex and drugs should be more interesting than this . there is no parental advisory label on this cd , although you can just tell from the track listing that there should lyrics are included in the booklet , and they read like a bad porno novel . if you are into pedophilia , golden showers and enemas , then this cd is for you ! if not , then you might want to give this one a if i could overlook the dreadful lyrics , the music and singing are bland and uninspired . sex and drugs should be way more interesting than chevy heston makes them sound . i give it two stars instead of one because i have listened to rap , so i have actually heard worse . but not by much .
2			start	great	page	clear	guides	advanced			buy the book , learn the code . if you are looking for your first html book , buy this book . for the beginner web designer , this book is a great start . you will be designing web pages right book will also give you an advantage over those who choose the route of letting the html editor do the coding for them . you will be able to look at your source code and understand what the page is clear and concise i recommend this book highly . once you read this book you will be ready for more advanced reference guides like those published by o are illy press .
2			buy	great	clippers	best no	buy	good			a great buy ! though it's not the best clippers i have ever used , it is still a pretty good buy , and the set includes some fairly usable combs and scissors . all in all , the set is fine and it's if you want some better quality clippers , seek elsewhere .
2			images	clear	player	great	system	new	system	nice	show	cool	it	awkward	drop	gorgeous	player	little	images	sharp			great little player . bought it for my son . awesome little player . great sound and loud ! screen is drop dead gorgeous . although small , images are sharp and clear and video can be enjoyed despite the size . the photo album is well organized and the slide show is pretty cool . the new menu system is nice as well . my son loves the cover flow view , even if it isn not the most pratical way to browse music . my only gripe with the player is the placement of the headphone jack next to the usb jack . it's a little awkward inserting and removing the usb cable with the headphones plugged in . other than that , i have no complaints with this player .
2			breed	new	book	great	ideas	new			well done ! bill gates will likely find a few new ideas for windows 2010 in this great book by richard pryor . he does an excellent job merging science , dreams and sci fi . this could easily be the theme for a whole new breed of man machine computing .
2			child	anxious	techniques	useful	it	worth	book	great			great book to read with you anxious child . this book provided my son and i with a common terminology to use . i think it has given him some useful techniques to overcoming his worries . i recommend this book for parents to read with their children . my son is 8 for what it's worth .
2			concert	entertaining	concert	great	show	entertaining			carnivale . wow the whole show was entertaining . it felt like you were in heaven just dancing to the beats along with ricky , the dancers and the band . the whole concert was great and really entertaining , it felt so much like carnivale .
1			concept	good	execution	poor			good concept , poor execution . purchased this for use with a garmin nuvi 650 in a 2006 honda pilot . after waiting for a response from arkon customer service , i went with this model instead of the usb plug version , as they were not sure if it would work correctly with my gps model . sadly this mount works itself out of the socket in the dash and causes the gps to lose power .
2			style	personal	cookbooks	great	pitfalls	potential	cooking	french	recipes	informative	recipes	good	number	enjoyable			les halles cookbook . i have a great many cookbooks with informative , good recipes , and a lessor number that are also enjoyable just to read , julia child's mastering the art of french cooking , for example but none that is this much fun to use . les halles combines accurate , superlative recipes , with an extremely entertaining and personal writing style . as one of the press release decriptions for the books states , it does indeed put mr bourdain right next to you in your kitchen , coaching you as you cook . the recipes are clearly written , potential pitfalls pointed out , and you truly cannot go wrong if you follow his directions . anthony bourdain's style might not be to everybody's liking , though i enjoy his irreverent attitude , but you can not help but love his food . he is a terrific chef , and this is terrific cook book .
2			alot	upset	books	good	book	new	nora	new	it	easy	book	great			great book even as a re release . thought all the books in this series were good , even though they were re releases , i had not read them prior to this . i understand alot of people were upset by the revamping and re releasing but honestly all of the new nora roberts book have the nr seal on them stating when they are a never before released title so it's pretty easy to tell when it's a new book or not . thought the content held up to the time difference pretty well , would recommend .
2			fire	great	story	funny			excellent fairy tale . a story that is surprisingly light hearted , funny and optimistic even amongst the horrors of the plague and the great fire of london . unique both visually and in tone from other period fil ms the story moves along at a very fast pace , leaving some characters underdeveloped , but overall this charming fairytale is one celebrating progress and human kindness . excellent performances by downey junior and sam neill .
2			programming	basic	languages	familiar	book	great			great starter book . how to do everything in html does exactly what it says . it simply takes a beginner like me and shows how to use basic programming to do what you want rather than what you can figure is the book i would recommend to someone who wants to know what html is and does but lacks prior computer programming experience . even those familiar with other computer languages such as c or java will find the user friendly approach by pence a joy over most technical a beginner's book is what you want , here it is !
2			it	awesome	condition	new			awesome gift ! i got this for a friend of mine , and i wasn not expecting too much . the book got to my house in new condition , with a cd . it was very unexpected , but it was awesome ! made me feel very confident about giving it away and buying it . really helpful teaching tool !
2			info	great	shame	true	outdated	old	info	old			old info . although i am sure the book had great info , i think it is a true shame it wasn not made cleat that the info is old and outdated . i do feel like i was ripped off !
2			movie	great	edition	special	graphics	great	etc	special no	theme	great	plot	difficult			great movie but . great movie with awesome action and great graphics for its time . the plot is a little difficult to understand if you haven not played the game , but it still has a great theme special edition isn not that special ; besides the making of the movie part , the deleted scenes weren not that special etc
1			dvd	worst			the worst dvd from rodney yee . i have many tapes from rodney yee and i expect more from this advenced dvd .
2			album	great	reggae	next			eclectic . this cd is a great album in its entirity . from begining to end it keeps you listening wondering what he will do next reggae or rap will he do a folk song or just some pop sounding song . the man of taste . you got to check it out if you enjoy rap & r&b with rock mixed together
1			battery	new	battery	bad			bad battery . buy a new battery and it will not hold a charge so before long you have more money in batteries than in the camera . will not purchase items like this over the net as there is no way to get monies or item replaced
2			product	great	job	nice			valspar spray paint . worked great . spray was even and precise . there was no running or blotches . went on perfectly . i would recommend it to anyone who wants a nice even paint job . it is a great product .
2			convience	great	condition	great			i use it all the time . the copco 2503 -1330 wellington stainless brushed teakettle was in great condition . we use it all the time and it has been a great convience in our home
2			wood	nice	case	nice	violin	worth	violin	small	violin	great	cord	extra			great violin , not so great bow . actually i would rate it 4.5 love the fact i got 2 bows , but sadly only tried one so far the rosin didn not stay on well , but the violin is well worth the case is nice , the violin is a bit small but it works very well with my petite frame . the wood , nice and sturdy but pretty light . the extra g cord was a surprise .
1			movie	bad			yuck . couldn not give it a one star rating because of a couple of cute scenes that rescue it from the absolute bottom of the barrel . that said it's still a bad movie .
2			pics	great	esteem	high			a classic as another reviewer really ? although the pics are great of the stones and the stories are bwillyant i wasn not all about this book . something was just missing since the stones are getting older and the kickstand isn not always as strong as it once was . ie . these guys should break up while they are still held in high esteem . the stones have already accomplished so much that it need not be put in a book but rather in a musuem .
1			reception	poor	windows	new	it	due	quality	bad			bad quality , poor reception . i bought this for my new windows vista pc 3 months back and this was working fine initially . after 2 -3 months , this keep disconnecting and slow . i do have norton 360 running on my pc and i am using linksys g router . i was not sure whether it was due to this adaptor or some firewall / security setting was causing this issue . then , i tried d link adaptor and d link worked is working , there was no issue with the pc or any security setting . the problem was with this adaptor . i would not recommend anyone buying this product . go for either dlink or linksys or netgear products .
2			house	local	installation	easy	voltage	low	control	manual	adjustment	easy	it	identical	deal	great			fan / limit control honeywell 4064 2236 . after a bit of browsing the web i found that this was the replacement for my obsoleted fan / limit switch . it turns out the only difference was the addition of a manual fan control . other than that , it was completely identical . installation and adjustment was pretty easy . i got a great deal at amazon . my local supply house wanted about twice what i paid around $ 60 . just a word of caution , if you have a low voltage control be sure to remove the link see instructions !
1			date	compatible	service	poor			unreliable . very disappointed with this vendor . this was ordered as a christmas present for a child . date for delivery when ordered was compatible with delivery by christmas . info that indicated delay occurred to late to reorder . very poor customer service . i will never , never use this vendor again .
2			it	perfect	it	comfortable	sound	adequate	package	free	headphones	greatest no	packaging	nice	dj	private	sound	awesome	problems	technical			my favorite workout buddy . i have read a lot of people had some technical problems with theirs but all i know is i love mine . i bought it for the gym and it's perfect for that . it's so light and comfortable to wear i almost literally don not notice i m wearing it , it's like i have got a private dj beaming my music into my head while i exercise . i even like the ear buds . they may not be the world's greatest headphones but they fit my ears really well and provide sound which is perfectly adequate for my needs . i m not an audiophile and i could care less if the sound is awesome as long as i have my music in a lightweight , trouble free package . add to the nice packaging that downloading is a snap i m running windows xp , and you can not beat it . if you are looking for a jukebox type mp 3 or need lots of features , perfect sonic clarity etc , look elsewhere , but if simplicity and size are you criteria , this is it .
1			suicide	silly	film	great no			this film irritated the hell out of me . i watched this film with a university german class over 30 years ago . we suffered through it in silence until herr ran amok , at which point everyone cheered . at last something was happening ! herr is a miserable man with a miserable life , and i feel for him , but murder and suicide as an existential statement in response to profound boredom is silly . it annoyed me then , and it annoys me now . this is not a great film , but a pretentious , posturing waste of time .
2			insight	real	idea	great			great idea falls short . norah vincent comes up with an interesting approach for a woman to learn about men , but the idea falls way short . she presents herself as a man and hangs with losers on a working class or perhaps unemployed class bowling team , strip club patrons , and a group of monks in a monastery . this is as representative as if i put on fake boobs and a wig and hung out with with a ladies roller derby team and a group of nuns . it was more about the gimmick than about any real insight .
1			image	graphic	movie	worst	effects	special			my grade d . star wars episode ii attack of the clones widescreen edition rated pg for sustained sequences of sci fi action / violencestarring ewan mcgregor and natalie portmen director george lucaslength 142 wars episode 2 is probably one of the most boring movies i have ever seen . i don not like sci fi action violence at all ! ! ! the only reason i am not giving this movie an f is because it cost a fortune to make those special effects so you got to give them credit for that . star wars episode iii grade episode 3 is the worst movie i have ever seen . episode 3 was recevied a pg -13 rating for the intense situations of sci fi action violence . and also for the graphic image of anakin being burned up , but that was only a brief image . i would give the whole series and f .
1			characters	predictable	wasn	great no	propaganda	religious	it	difficult	book	terrible			not worth the time i spent reading it . this was a terrible book . first , i didn not realize john grisham was a christian writer , because this sure as heck turned into religious propaganda halfway through . second , it was sooo difficult for me to read the parts about missionaries saving the poor backward indians . he kept using the word stone age to describe the culture and i wanted to smack somebody . really . the plot was nonexistent , the characters boring and predictable , writing wasn not great either . i will never read a john grisham again , but felt i had to finish this book to see if it got any better . nope , smug and patronizing to the end .
2			pillow	great	it	tiny			great pillow . but . i really like the feel of this pillow but it is really tiny . getting a full size pillow would be too pricey in my opinion for what is essentially only a bag of wheat .
1			show	entire	cd	crap	show	suck	moves	real	songs	short	i	sorry	concert	entire	concert	worst	fan	huge	trash	total	beats	weak			awful , terrible and just too plain ! where is the britney we know and love , this concert is total trash , i spent 14.00 dollars on the dvd , watched it and was disappointed with the entire show , they cut songs short , and i m sorry but if your lip syncing through out the entire concert then please do some real dance moves ! this show sucks ass , i m not cutting down britney , because i m a huge fan , but this concert is the worst by far , she sat down alot , her wardrobe had not appealing style to it the costume changes were few , and she was so stiff , like she didn not know how to dance at all . please save your money and don not buy it , spent your money on something worth buying . last month i bought her second remix cd , and the beats were weak and a few tracks sounded like the music in the background was sampled from 70 s disco era , that cd was crap ! ! b in the mix , the remixes , vol . 2 don not buy it ! ! really disappointed ! !
2			policy	limited	one	expensive	coaster	good	offering	great			don not be surprised . i wouldn not be surprised at all if people from welcomed consensus and their friends are beefing up reviews on their products . i saw the other reviewer mentioning about the five star reviews and i did look into it and yes , it is the same reviewers and same five stars on all the videos made by this company . i saw the video and i wasn not impressed . i thought of returning it but it is a bit of a hassle and amazon has a limited partial refund policy within certain time period from purchase , although i would think if the video is so great that it would be the company welcomed consensus offering a money back guarantee even if it was purchased from amazon as long as you have the video and receipt to prove it , but no such luck . other option is the dvd disc makes a good coaster for your coffee table be it an expensive one .
2			mistake	biggest	reviews	great	products	good	price	great	camera	great			first camcorder . i researched this product before i bought and it has had a lot of great reviews . basically , for the price , it's a great camera for first time buyers who want a decent digital makes good products i looked at other cameras of the same type and others looked cheaper . biggest mistake when using i used nightshot to try and capture some vegas lights at night of course and everything was green ! don not use nightshot unless your in an unlit area you will be able to tell through the viewfinder if your getting a picture or not that was my only problem and that is why i gave it four stars they don not mention the color problem in the manual . otherwise great first camera at a great price .
2			lights	great	vendor	great	prices	great	price	great			great lights at a great price . these lights have held up well to the salt water enviroments of the pacific longer do i have to always remember to unplug the trailer lights before launching ! stuff 4 oats great vendor with great prices !
2			kit	real	reviews	great			forget it . sorry to bring everyone down , but inspite of all these great reviews , this album is a dud . notice the capital it sounds to me like some guy in his living room with a multi track and a drum machine . and there is nothing on the insert to suggest that there are other people in the band . maybe he found some like minded friends later on to play music with . there were a couple of tracks with a real drum kit and an occassional guest cellist that wasn not bad , but it doesn not save this album . i could give him the benefit of the doubt and try another album , but probably not .
2			comment	main	presentation	usual no	start	great	one	big	step	next	it	like			c mon . dear dave , loved the book ! my main comment is i know you have more to tell . give me something . there's only a finite amount of time to fish , live , and then die not in that order . i hope you can write something with a little more soul . speak to the flyfisherman with more than this is where to go , and how to do it . i have gotten to the point in fishing as i m sure you have where the circumstances , and feeling of the environment mean as much to the fish story as the end resulting big one caught . go for it ! tell me about the iced guides , the hellish 4 d road to get in , the unusual presentation . in short tell me a story . this book was a great start , but i because i can only speak for myself would like to feel what it's like . due to the perameters of a book of this type i didn not expect more than what was offered , but encourage you to go the next step . die hards don not know any better . thank you .
2			correctness	political	message	strong	you	willing	nothing	wrong	organizations	ethnic	group	ethnic	book	great	evidence	strong			this book is misunderstood , but not racist . this fictional account of a future usa is gone made . first , it is as much of a love story as people miss this . just as titanic had a strong message of love between a man and a woman , this is the store of that and so much turner was a man who dearly loved his country and was an advocate for his ethnicity . there is nothing wrong with , if you think there is , then you should also be willing to agree that all other organized ethnic organizations are possiblility that one ethnic group , for their own ends , might try a divide and conquer strategy for america should not be discounted . strong evidence was supported that this is exactly what happened in russia's revolution approximately 85 years ago . as what could be termed a christian holocaust took place . overall , a great book that should be a wake up call behind the possibly evil forces with a hidden agenda , that are behind political correctness .
2			tune	best	ms	great	it	best	tune	underrated	hits	best			springsteen wild , young , & raw ! we all know born to run and the river and these are great albu ms but if you love bruce , this is the one you must have ! it was his first studio album and the best he ever put out . the lyrics in these songs brings you through his painful , drug fenzied , lonely , and sexy moments from his early life . for you is probaly his best and most underrated tune . it will give you goosebumps when he screams out and who am i to ask you to lick my sores . spirit in the night and blinded by the light are the best known hits from this reco rd growing up is the rebel's anthem and the flood will rip your heart out . so if you are a bruce fan you must add this to your collection . but understand , this is not born in the usa or tunnel of loveit is wild , young , and raw !
2			features	new	look	fantastic	promises	good	difference	big			it just works mostly . being an apple fanboy for about 3 years now , i have upgraded to tiger and now leopa rd i truly like the changes in leopard but not all of the 300 new features work . i am having problems with spaces , the promised time machine working with the air port disk is still non existent and i hear from technophobes that back to my mac is not working . it is almost like it went gold master before its time . i did not notice this in tiger . everything seemed to work . could the iphone have taken its toll on a perfect release ? with all of that said , i have to use xp and vista at work . hands down leopard is a dream come true over windows . i know , i was once a doubter , now i have seen the light . hopefully , apple will make good on there promises in regard to getting everything to installation went very smoothly . quick look is fantastic . and , from what i understand , it is what is under the hood that will make a big difference in the future .
2			movie	great			holiday classic . holiday classic ! great movie . shipped and received within 3 days . very pleased bought a christmas story 2 which i didn not even know existed . my kids loved it !
1			movies	bad	it	brilliant	it	light	tunes	good			will eat it up . ok , it's not oscar 's worth a watch . it's campy , light & frivolous . fantastic ! ! it's one of those movies that's so bad it's positively brilliant ! not to mention some good tunes by toni basil & thomas dolby . & the only vampire rap i know of !
2			book	great			not happy with seller ; great book ! no where did you state that there was no dust jacket . i bought this to be autographed by the author . disappointing !
2			laughs	great			wonderful puppetry . great laughs . the double feature was simply what i am waiting image and sound quality , timely delivery . muppets from space is simply an excellent movie .
2			game	great	game	good			quiddler love it ! much harder than it looks . i learned about this game in a english pub in portland or and the players were having a instead of being bored after 10 minutes this game gets more exciting and challenges your brain at the same time . we have played it once but really enjoyed it ! great game for adults and a good game for kids learning words .
2			amazon	great	amp	nice	news	good	i	happy	features	adjustable			broken frets . i was really quite happy with this guitar nice amp , beautiful design , good sound but within a day of playing it , the notes on the first fret stopped working , giving a twang sound instead of a note . i tried adjusting all the adjustable features , but it just got worse and worse . i can not tell if i just happened to get a lemon , or if they all break eventually . i ended up exchanging it for a squier by fendersquier by fender stop dreaming start playing set affinity special w / fender 15 amplifier , metallic blue i recommend that one instead it's better built , more reputable brand , and a bit more fun to play though a bit more expensive . the good news is that amazon is great with returns , they took it right back , and even paid for shipping .
2			keyboardist	regular	album	new	clubs	new	keyboardist	great	she	good			what a keyboardist ! this album really wasn not what i was expecting ! i go to new york city blues clubs a lot , and i remember seeing dona open for robert charels at mondo cane a couple of years back . what a great keyboardist and performer she knocked me out then , and she's just as good on her new album . wanna know how find this lady is ? she's the regular keyboardist in shemeka copeland's band . enough said !
1			feel	ashamed	tapes	poor	rating	average	quality	horrible			horrible quality . you will feel ashamed if you spend your money on these incredibly poor quality tapes . the average rating for these tapes should be one star if you read the reviewers commentary . wait until someone finally releases a decent copy preferably on dvd .
2			item	good	shine	nice	she	pleased	value	great			pearl necklace . the salt water pearl necklace i a good quality item . it was for my wife on our anniversary . she loved it , and was well pleased with it . i also gave her the pearl earrings ordered with it . round , smooth , nice shine . a great value .
2			albums	best	cd	great	works	best			this is one of the best albums put out by ozz since blizzard . this is truly on of ozzy's best works since the blizzard of ozz . what other person in metal has dedicated the first song on the cd to his fans . down to earth is just a great cd to listen to . theres no other way to put it . i have had this cd in my car on repeat ever since i pre ordered it a month before it was released .
2			arrangements	good	effort	solid	effort	great	material	good	work	instrumental	part	best	work	good	harve	new	quality	good			good as it gets for bluegrass gospel ! from the start to the finish this is a solid effort by new harve st good material , including 7 originals , good recording quality , good arrangements , and good instrumental work make this a keeper . but the best part of this album is the harmony . as you know , gospel music without feeling , is like fall without color . this album has the feeling , the spirit if you will , to make you feel what is being sung . a great effort by a group that you will hear more from .
2			premise	great	movie	good	effects	special			unbound . a good movie to rent , super and far reaching special effects , great premise and a tense ending that downt leave you hanging
2			book	easy	book	legal	self	legal	reference	great			great reference . this is a very easy to use and understand self help legal book . thorough and complete on almost all subjects related to workers comp . nolo is a top notch legal self help publisher . highly recommended .
1			bennet	poor	they	interesting	tales	creative			splendid but nearly forgotten . i was an early reader , and no stories pleased me more than the uncle wiggly ones . they were interesting and ethically instructive . i now have a baby girl , and she will be reading these creative tales rather than those that sent poor william bennet down the road to becoming the gambling gourmand .
1			phone	bad	quality	capable	they	equal	quality	bad	device	free	they	comfortable no			please try with the streamer before you blame the headphones for your bad phone . your phone is the problem if you think these headphones sound bad . strictly speaking on the sound quality , they are equal to bose quiet comfort headphones in reproduction . they are not sound canceling over rated anyway . believe me they are not very comfortable . like any on ear headphone . people are consistently saying these headphones have bad audio quality . i have not tried them as a hands free device , but i did notice when paired to my q , it does take a second to switch profiles . if your phone does not support a stereo headphone profile , your sound will be it with the streamer it sounds just fine . they are quality sport headphones . if you are listening to mp 3 they provide more quality than mp 3 is capable of .
2			books	great	details	real	one	next			getting better and bettter ! the a list series started off great with the first book , then it got better with girls on film , and then it got really awesome with blonde ambition . what is the best about this book is that it has do with the real details of how people live in hollywood . anna gets to work on an actual tv show and with cammie's father at the same time . you can guess how that turns out when cammie finds out . there's tons of romance , and the same funny stuff that makes these books so great . i can not wait for the next one that i hear is coming in the summer .
1			service	poor			i wish i knew . i wish i 's been 5 days since i ordered it and it hasn not even shipped yet ! what poor service !
2			book	bad no	archetypes	various	information	useful	it	frustrating	book	good			the author's feminist viewpoint keeps getting in the way ! this book was not bad and could have been good . the problem is that the author seems to view all of the archetypes through a feminist lens . this stands out over and over again as she describes various archetypes . in fact , she states that if a character follows the masculine journey and does not take the feminine path of decent , then the character should fail in his journey . i will probably be able to filter useful information from this book , but found it frustrating to read .
2			setting	wrong	editi	wrong	price	great			works . it only send audio to the tv even though it has a video co rd ripoff , do not buy this product . editi was wrong , and had it on the wrong setting . this cable works .5 5 stars for great price
1			product	terrible	i	wrong	quality	poor	picture	terrible			terrible product . i ordered the clearance item thinking i was getting a deal for longer undo cables . was i wrong . hooked them up and the picture was terrible . white snow flakes all over to the point i get better picture out of a set of rabbit ears . don not buy these they are not quality cables in any way . these are the cables they use as an example of what poor quality is !
2			daughter	old	recordings	clear	instructor	warm	way	great	step	next			fun and effective ! this is a great way to introduce your children and yourself to spanish . the book is colorful with lots of songs and games . the cassette recordings are very clear and the instructor is warm and cheerful . my 5 year old daughter and i absolutely loved this ! the only problem is , now that we have finished it we are looking for the next step . highly recommended . ps my daughter often serenades us in the morning with her spanish songs .
2			puppets	little	series	classic	series	great			great classic horror series . this series is great for little puppets that run around . if you like the idea that puppets come alive , its for you .
1			boys	dangerous	he	old	trash	dangerous	edges	sharp	sides	bad			hurt the boys first potty simply dangerous . i got this potty for my son and as a first time mom could not even forsee the bad sides of this potty first , the hole is so small , that at no time could my son fit both his back and front in it something was left out . and i tried it since he was 3 months old ! ! then , it should be truly called hurt the boys first potty i do not know which smart head came up with the deflector design , but it has sharp edges and is thin and it just sticks into the flesh like a , as if it is not enough the deflector does not stay in place , keeps falling down , and i tried sticking it with tape first and threw afterwards , tired of diving after it into the toilet bowl . i do not really know how small the child should be to use this potty probably still in the womb , so i do not know what use to make of it totally a piece of dangerous trash .
2			it	long	three	best	ending	great	cast	original	thing	good	movies	previous	chemistry	good	humor	good			third one is the charm . i am not a fan of the pirates series . i saw the first two and they just didn not leave a lasting impression on me . the third movie on the other hand is the best one out of the three . the movie is action packed from beginning to end , keeps the original cast good chemistry / acting , and similar to the previous two movies has some good humor in it . i guess the third movie in my opinion had a more interesting story than the first two . another good thing is it is a movie that all ages can enjoy . the only complaint i would have about the movie is it is really long . other than that , at world's end is a great ending to the series .
2			while	great			great while it worked . this worked for basically one summer . we used it on vacation in august of 2005 to inflate a few items , then we used it again in june and july of 2006 and in mid july it stopped working completely and we had to throw it worked great when it worked .
2			book	easy	readers	old	book	simple	ages	various	book	great			give your child the gift of reading . i think this is a great book for younger children in particular . i have used it with various ages . the youngest began at two and a half and was reading by three and a half . i have taught three of my boys to read and now use this book for remedial readers at school . i am not a teacher . this book is simple and easy to follow . i have had success with other 5 -7 ear old beginning readers . as the book has the child sounding out words and then sentences and stories children get really excited and confident . i believe every child can read . the earlier you start the more your child will enjoy reading . you shouldn not have to read to your five year old let them read to you !
2			songs	great	holidays	religious	you	glad	holidays	racial	album	good			i m 30 and i still love ella ! last year , during the week in december between christmas and new year's , my mom saw this cd at a cd store and immediately bought it for me . she knew i loved ella jenkins and thought i would enjoy listening to it this holiday season . this is a good album for children of really any belief , because it exposes them to other religious and racial holidays besides christmas . ella sure picked some great songs . and i love her harmonica version of here we go looby loo . did you know that started off as a kwanzaa song ? her harmonica version of raisins and almonds , probably would have been a better choice for this album as opposed to her and one and two , cd . because the song is after all a hanukkah song . nevertheless , this is a wonderful album for children of all ages ! so buy it for your kids or for yourself . you will be glad you did !
2			rest	great	track	worth			simply amazing . i first heard la femme d argent while in a hostel bar in vienna . then again in amsterdam in a coffee shop . i have to say this is the quintessential chill out music for anyone who enjoys electronica . it's just one of those tracks that you can put on repeat and listen to forever . the rest of the album is great , but the first track is well worth the price of admission
2			knives	great			great knives at a value price . i have been using this knife set for about 3 years and i suspect they will continue to perform for much longer . while they likely wouldn not survive a professonal kitchen for long , they are more than up to the task of providing service in a foodie's kitchen and their beauty is an added bonus . while many people still drop the henckel name when it comes to knives , you can not get a quality henckel set for anywhere near the price of these mundials .
1			music	worst	oughta	independent	debut	major			for completists only . released after the major label debut of l . d . 50 , mudvayne's the beginning of all things to end collects the band's independent ep kill i oughta plus some bonuses . let me start off by saying that i thought and still believe that l . d . 50 was some of the absolute worst music to ever be heard in the genre . however , mudvayne appears to get better with each passing album , and this disc comprises the good and the bad of the band . opening track poop loser begins powerfully enough , but fades rather quickly , while the needless remixes of dig are gut churning . the beginning of all things to end has a few moments , but it's nothing worthwhile at all . hardcore fans of mudvayne who don not already own this will most likely pick it up , as it's just another chapter of supposed mainstream hardcore , metal , etc for kids who can not handle the likes of morbid angel , napalm death , and such .
2			content	great			book . i received this book . althought the content is great , i don not like the illustration and feel like i m reading a hand written journal of a child . i would have preferred it to be a typed style book . i would still recommend it to friends for the overall information . the book was purchased used and in excellent condition as described . i will continue to order items from this company . thanks .
1			it	bad	sound	natural			doing the evolution . in some respects , i think yield is a better album , but binaural still suffices for greatness . binuaral contains three songs that are not pearl jam caliber , though they sound to be at first god's dice , sleight of hand , and long road 2 parting ways . thriteen songs in the album , minus 3 equal 10 all of which are songs that could be played over and over again some may argue for god's dice and i m not say that it is bad either . the strength of the album is its quirkiness , and the band being able to compose songs that have natural sound to them . i think that's been key to their success . key words that loom in binaural are quirkiness , as in rival and soon forget , supressed rage , as heard in greivance , and mind playing guitars that seem to want to spin into something off of vs . but instead retain driving composure as in of the girl , insignificance . what can you say ? vedder and the boys just keeping doing it . .
2			product	great			weather proof camera . i purchased this camera i think a couple of years ago and mounted it in the opening in front of my trailer hitch using a piece of styrafoam that i cut and bored a 3 4 inch hole for the camera and hooked it to a monitor in the cab . i run it through the car wash and all kinda of weather and never a problem . i can use the monitor to line up my trailer when im hooking it up and when i remove the trailer hitch i can watch for objects behind me when i back up . a great product . i have a 2010 gmc now since the other truck was traided
2			feel	great	tapes	old			this is the workout for those who are workout impaired ! i have made a goal to work out at least 3 times a week and found myself never having time . i tried using my really old aerobics tapes from the late 80 s and found them to be too long or generally not safe by today's standards and my older body . i found the exercises on this video to be extremely beneficial and actually fun ! just when you think how much time is left ? i look on the tv screen and see i am almost done ! i also have 8 minute abs and arms and alternate doing 2 of each a day . they have not given me any back problems which i had injured in a car accident and i feel great after finishing . i highly recommend these tapes to anyone who really doesn not enjoy working out and to those who do enjoy it !
1			connectivity	poor			poor connectivity . we have had one of these for 2 years now , and we have finally given up and bought a motorola surfboard rca dcm 226 has always given us spotty connections . at first , at&t found a rusty connector in the street , but we still had spotty connections after they fixed that problem . our connections would go out for days at a time , for no apparent reason . at&t could detect the modem trying to find an uplink signal , but it would never lock , just range cycled brother recommended the motorola after using one of those for a year with no problem , and within seconds after connecting all the cables , it locked and got connectivity .
2			habitat	natural	it	great	book	great			i love it , i love it , i love it , i love it , i love it . this book is great . take it to the tide pools with you and look up the sea creatures you see . it will tell you what the animal is called and tell you about it . this is a great book for presents for people who love sea creatures . jeff brandon worked hard finding the creatures in their natural habitat , to take pictures of that sea creature . you will love this book . it is great to use for learning about the sea creatures in the ocean and at the tide pools . you will have a great time learning about the sea creatures . you will defiantly love this book .
1			principles	mechanical	example	worst	physics	poor	stars	stars no	principle	important	book	poor			do not buy incredibly poor physics . this book simply adds to the confusion most people have when trying to understand physics . it is riddled with errors and perpetuates long standing misconceptions . possibly the worst example is the discussion of conservation of energy . it is not possible to apply mechanical principles to any form of striking from hitting a ball to punching someone without taking this most important principle of physics into account . yet the author's explanation is that this is about not getting tired in a isaac newton should come back and haunt this author . i cannot believe that anyone actually proof read it . a very , very poor book . actually worth zero stars
2			madness	classic	album	different	bass	great	album	entire	album	usual no			unusual album for db . this album is quite a bit different than db's other albu ms for one thing , it is consistently chilled out throughout the entire album . for another thing . its a pretty consistent album . and a great drum n bass chillout album at that , if that's what you are going for . don not expect party beats . but do expect sexy grooves that could set the mood , or just create a relaxing atmosphere . for a guy who doesn not general like chillout albums , i certainly like this one . there are some really cool songs on this one 3 6 8 11 and you gotta love the e z rollers , 14 there is also a remix of the classic summer madness by kool and the gang . enjoy .
2			material	great	it	heavy no	carpenter	regular	toolbelt	heavy			you just can not go wrong with carhartt . this is the second apron we have ordered . my husband loves these for work . they hold a lot of tools and it is not as heavy as his regular carpenter's toolbelt . there are a lot of days he didn not need the heavy toolbelt and this one did the trick for him . because it's carhartt and made of a great material the first one lasted for about two years .
2			batteries	great			great batteries . pretty much i bought a charger for these batteries and ended up getting some batteries as well . overall they last long and the charger i have has a fast recharge time .
2			verdi	best	opera	great	fan	great	opera	fabulous	opinion	humble no			fabulous opera , and performance . i have become a great fan of tdk operas , with their wondeful color . rigoletto is , of course , simply a great opera , verdi's best , in my not so humble opinion . the opening scene of the hunchback's sadness could break any one's heart . everything was well done , with repeats of the avenge aria and . of course , would onna mobile maybe there's one better , but this dvd completely satisfied me .
1			it	ridiculous	entry	superior	introduction	worst	introduction	general			it deserves less than one star . it would be ridiculous to recommend this book to anyone , it's about the worst introduction to hegel one can imagine . the author clearly has no understanding of hegel and lacks entirely any sympathy for the subject he is writing about . the result is a mucky hodgepodge of all the banal stereotypes and biases that have existed on hegel in anglo american literature . it would be like a german writing a book on thomas jefferson and focusing on the fact that he was a slave owning plantation owner . after encountering this book i questioned the quality of all the books in this 90 minutes series , and have since stayed away from them . the wikipedia entry on hegel is far superior to this book as a general introduction , and its free .
1			albums	previous	album	worst	sell	biggest	metallica	true			quite possibly the worst metal album of all time . hmmm . very insulting to true metallica fans take a long , long break from recording , then completely change styles to make sure it fit in with the times , and to ensure millions upon millions of record sales . i guess maybe , if i were 7 or 8 when this came out , and i had never heard any of the previous metallica albums , i would give it 2 or 3 stars . but that isn not the case . the absolute biggest sell out attempt a successful attempt of all time !
2			writer	great	start	great	freedom	interested	iq	important	iq	financial	you	rich			robert kiyosaki . so you want to be rich ? no matter what you do , financial iq is very important . robert is a great writer and his life journey would probably touches most of us . this book doesn not tell you how to make money but it is a great start to restart your mind and think about it . there are many key elements robert teach within the book . i recommend anyone that interested in becoming financially freedom .
1			money	little	you	interested	movies	bad	quality	horrible	quality	poor	waste	complete	movies	technical	movies	old	dvd	individual	extra	little			a complete waste of money . do not waste any time or money on this sub par collection of poor quality both technical and just bad movies . the film and sound quality are horrible . a little money spent on improving image and sound quality would have gone a long way , but obviously this was not the case . at least a few times , the audio becomes completely inintelligible , and the video quality ; well , lets just say it's obvious these are old movies . if you are interested in this type of film , spend a little extra per individual dvd , and pick up some that have been properly reconstructed .
2			rocket	great	i	impressed	it	dry			wow super fast . ive launched estes rockets since i was a kid in the 70 s . i came across this one and its priced right and was blown away by the size of the e engines . i knew i had to give it try and it took about one hour to assemble and i let it dry for three hours . i have never seen a rocket fly skyward at the speed this one left the launch pad . i was fully impressed and it flew into a cloudless sky never to be seen again , lol . i just heard a boom sound but no for the price i would do it again . truly a great rocket and probably a user error in packing the wading and and e engine rocket for this price is a it you wont be of fun . i ordered another to try again .
2			choice	great	action	hard	fortunes	little	taskmaster	severe	film	good			story of the seven little fortunes . this film has a depth of character and humility that is all too often not found in todays movies . the performances are endearing all around . even though sammo hung's character is a severe taskmaster , you cannot help feeling for him by the end of the film . and the children are a delight from the start . the martial arts sequences are masterfully executed . moreover , the non combbative focus of the choreography makes it a great choice for those who may be turned off by more hard core action . a good date film , although perhaps a step below jackie chan's canton and lady rose in that department .
2			songs	great	quality	good	fans	great	rock	hard	dokken	old	cd	great	jewel	nice	guitar	outstanding			what a great quality cd ! don dokken is a class he puts something out it's certain to be of good quality . he treats his fans great . this is one of the best sounding concerts i have ever hea rd the quality is a . it makes you feel like you are standing at some european gig in 1981 i love all the in between pep talking that don does . the george guitar solo's are outstanding . mick's drums sound amazing . it's such a nice jewel of a concert with so many great old dokken songs like night rider ! and other unknown's as well . this is a must have for any 80 s hard rock fan ! ! thank you don for putting out such a fine quality cd ! ! !
1			dubbing	poor	feel	good	enjoyment	little	gripe	real			sex does not equate with sexy . perhaps it is the poor dubbing ; maybe if i spoke french i could get into this film better . this dvd essentially centers around a woman who has plenty of sex , but little enjoyment from sex . she is deeply in love with a many who will not make love . as the dvd went on , i had a greater empathy for the cat in the latter scene than i did any of the characters . this movie seems emotionally drained but perhaps those involved in aberrant behavior will get insight from this movie . this certainly is not a feel good movie and i have seen better from the director . the real gripe i have is that the poor dubbing detracts from everything even if the mood is not upbeat .
2			product	great			great product . this product works great for my home office , my wife and i can share to 2 printers we have in the office , works great .
2			camera	great	it	easy	it	compact			great camera . i received this camera 2 days ago and i absolutely love it ! it has a lot of features but is very easy to figure out . i would definitely recommend this camera to first time digital camera buyers along with a compact flash card reader . it downloads pictures to the computer faster and without draining battery power from the 's worth it to pay the extra for the resolution and the zoom . plus , it's very compact at 3.7 by 2.5 . check it out ! !
2			similarlites	amazing	it	great	characters	interesting	plot	interesting	read	good	i	pleased			futility the wreck of the titan . this book was a surprise . after reading other reviews i didn not think it would be that great . i was pleased that the plot was thicker than i was expecting and the similarlites to the titanic were really amazing . i wanted to read it because of my interest in the titanic and to read this book that was written more than 10 years before the titanic sank made it even better . the plot and characters were interesting and all in all it was a good read .
2			update	easy	ms	proble	device	great			wrt 55 g needs latest firmware update is easy . i have been using this product for a few weeksbut with the latest proble ms great device . firmware wrt 55 g v 2.0 nov , 9 2005 v 1.67 ust go to . for the support tab and thenselect downloads . next choose wrt 55 g v 1.0 or wrt 55 g v 2.0 this is which router you and follow the instructions for updating the !
2			book	best	page	next	book	great			the best book . i thought gathering blue was a great book ! when i read it i just couldn not wait to turn to the next page . if you really like exciting books you will love gathering blue .
1			waste	complete	i	disappointed	quality	bad			pure crap . this camera is a complete waste of money . it is garbage . it should be considered a mere toy . the picture quality is unbelievably bad dark , grainy pictures . i am hugely disappointed in it !
1			stations	japanese	i	surprised	anime	main	idea	bad	way	new			i officially dislike clamp's new way of story telling now . i don not get it , why have the main anime be aired on japanese family stations if they are to cancel it later ? i can think of another alternate worlds series that made a lot more sense than this . the way i see it , the tone went from lovey dovey to wwiii when this came , which is just a bad idea in terms of pacing . stories need more consistent tones . i m surprised it was not given an ma rating . clamp didn not care when mkr was changed in the second half or yelled about angelic layer , so why didn not they put the series on a more mature station ? some things just don not make sense . if you want a more consistent series watch other shounen series .
2			it	perfect	display	clear	option	good	it	great	value	great	product	nice			nice product for the price . go for it . i really enjoy this product . very well made and display is very clear . easy to use and great value for the money . the thing i like the most is the sound quality . it is just great ! the wow option to enhance the sound is very good and the subwoofer control as well . the only thing i miss is an usb entry in the front panel , but for the rest it is perfect .
2			ordinary	little	dvd	great	acting	good	movie	good	movie	unknown			good movie . pu -239 is a relativately unknown movie . i came across the preview on some other movie a few months back and was intrigued by other reviews have summed up the plot pretty well , so i won not bore you with more of is a dark suspense russian gangster movie , with alot of comedy mixed in . the acting in the movie is pretty good , considering the mostly unknown ca st a great dvd to check out if your looking for someting a little out of the ordinary ! highly recommended !
1			stars	stars no	stars	appropriate	quality	bad			unreadable ! as good as this book may be , the print quality is so bad that i cannot read it . zero stars would have been more appropriate .
2			books	good	earth	classic	story	complete	lighti	different	series	complete	gadgets	great			excellent book and good start to the complete story . the mission earth books can be read out of sequence and still be good reads but its always best to start from the beginning . most of the 10 books are seen uniquely through the eyes and ears of the villain and not the funny . very sarcastic ! full of great gadgets and excessive amounts of comical violence . never takes itself seriuously and makes the reader view human civilisation in a different lighti would recommend the complete series to any sci fi or humor reader . hubbard's other classic battlefield earth should be read by anyone who enjoys mission earth . a rip roaring sci fi yarn
2			couple	slow	it	great	it	incredible			could not put it down ! ! ! this was the first book i ever read of john connolly . it was great . the first couple of chapters were a little slow but after that it was incredible . i can only compare it to a train wreck you dont want to look but can not stop staring . the descriptions are so vivid you are going to want to put the book down and forget about it and at the same time you want to know what happens next . i strongly recomended .
1			disappointment	complete	rating	good	riffs	powerful	album	bad	efforts	previous	integrity	musical	stuff	old	hits	potential	album	next			complete disappointment ! this album doesn not resemble rammstein at all . where is the powerful guitar riffs i remember from previous efforts . there are way too many ballads on this album . rammstein has sacrificed its musical integrity for a few potential hits . i mean this album is beyond bad . i would rate it 0 but amazon doesn not go that low . anyone who gives this album a good rating clearly hasn not heard their old stuff . i refuse to purchase the next album by this sell out group .
1			battery	extra	camera	bad			re charger doesn not work either . after many frustrating phone calls to customer support on my dx 3900 kodak camera , i puchased a quick charger for the batteries for my camera . the dock does not charge these batteries . i also puchased an extra battery so that i would never be caught short . well the quick charger lights up , blinks then goes off . indicating a full charge . when the battery is placed in the camera it last all of 4 shuts down . i am totally disgusted with this product and all it's accessories . i have spent over for a camera that doesn not work . don not waste you money on the quick charger either ! obviously , i have a bad camera and kodak won not admit it !
2			author	great	book	anxious			mystery for beginners with nothing to do . harsh , yes . honest , very . i read the prior reviews and then bought the book anxious to find another great author . what i found was boredom and frustration , some red herrings , and a mystery not worth my time . the characters weren not in depth enough to feel for them , the forward in time back in time movement didn not work for keeping the story moving , and the story itself didn not hold my attention . i finished because i felt committed .
1			editing	bad			bad editing ruins a book . i picked this up hoping for a light mystery and found my enjoyment ruined by the misuse of a few words . another case where trusting a computer spell checker just isn not safe have a friend read the last draft or get a better editor ! the funniest ? she never expected to benefit from her uncle's largest . that's largesse other than a couple of spectacular malaprop's , this book was a decent mystery . were the travel tips accurate ? someday i hope to find out !
1			trips	short	bag	hate	week	loose	construction	poor	it	practical no	toy	small			not enough room and poor construction . i love the style of this bag but i hate the bag itself . it doesn not have enough room for half of what we need to take with us . we are only able to use it for short trips where all we will need is a diaper , wipes , a sippy and a small toy . anything other than that and we have to take a bigger bag . plus the innner lining of it pulled loose the second week we had it . this bag maybe be stylish but it's not at practical .
2			ways	negative	marketing	great	life	happy			a waste of time . yes , i m all for positive , we can attract negativity by thinking in negative ways , but we cannot get ourselves that car , that house or that job by just thinking you will get it . it's poppycock . what really bothers me about this book is that it is marketed in such a way as to make you think that the contents contain the secret , how dare the author suggest that she has the secret to happiness , wealth , health , etc there is no one secret that can change the world , and to suggest it to people desperate to fix their lives , it's just sad . great marketing , but still sad . she's making a a fortune by quoting over and over these experts who claim to have the secret to all you could want to have a happy life . try doing some charity thinking of others and stop obsessing over your own life and maybe you will get some satisfaction . pick yourself up by your own bootstraps and move forward and leave this book on the bookstore shelf . save your money .
1			game	bad	games	worst	i	excited			horrible . this is truley one of the worst games i have ever played . i m in the ocean almost everyday and i was very excited to see this game come out . but its ohrrible . most of the time you just surf a wave really just a blue slope collecting floating orbes for points . . this game is very very bad
2			reading	great	shades	old			great reading regarding waterloo . this book is the intersection of the families represented in these old shades and devil's cub avon , and regency buck audley . makes for a compelling read regarding waterloo and an excellent period romance .
1			it	bad	reviews	bad	stars	negative	amazon	bad			don not waste your money ! too bad amazon won not allow 0 or negative stars . i read the bad reviews on these but decided to try it anyway because the fetching mrs wanted it bad . what a mistake ! when the plastic mount for the laser pickup broke from snapping cds onto the spindle , it jammed and burned out a motor . it is the cheeziest cd drive mechanism i have ever laid eyes on , and i have seen a lot of them in my line of work . avoid this piece of junk at all costs !
1			everything	bad	albums	best	stars	negative	i	amazed			can i give negative stars ? make it stop ! what a horror this is . i can not believe how astoundingly bad this cd is . it's not a tribute to nickelback , it's an insult . a bastardization of one of the best rock albums i have ever hea rd i am amazed this thing ever got produced ! are they deaf ? ? think of everything bad in the world . this cd is it .
2			scanner	little	scanner	great	looks	simple	business	small	scanner	nice	value	good	it	small			great little scanner . this is a nice little scanner . it is small , scans nicely , easy to install and use . i have vista , and it wasn not really any problem to install the software . i can not speak about the software b / c i don not use it much i import into photoshop , but it looks pretty simple to use . the push buttons are a breeze to use . i use this for my small business as my primary scanner and it works nicely . good value overall .
2			front	bright	enclouses	nice	drives	cool	job	great	plugs	regular			nice enclouses , but keep them ventelated . these enclosures do a great job at keeping the drives cool . i have four of them stacked on top of each other , but the enclosures were getting almost too hot to touch . i have added some spacers between the drives to allow for air to circulate between them and they are much you leave the your drives on all of the time and plan on sleeping in the same room , forget it . the blue led on the front is blindingly bright at night , let alone having four of them . i use the enclosures with drives i use for video editing and have not had one fail yet . knock on wood . the power supplies are inline and have regular plugs on the end , meaning you have no wall warts to deal with .
2			magnets	small	it	true	price	great	strengths	different	magnets	perfect			quality for custom creations . these small magnets are perfect for bracelets and lighter weight necklaces . it is true that there are different magnetic strengths and sizes think about what you need the clasp for , and then you will know which clasp to buy . i have used these successfully on many bracelets and necklaces and have never had a customer complaint . these are a great price , too .
2			i	happy	signifigance	special	collection	good	they	good	intro	great			happy to have discovered this band . i was introduced to brad through the brother of a friend and i m happy to have both this album and interiors in my music collection . apart from being a good collection of music to listen to while doing just about anything , both cds have special signifigance to me personally and they are very good at rekindling nostalgia . but you have to listen to it first to have nostalgia later , so get the cd now ! my favorite track to drive to which doesn not get justice in the sample is 20 h century . it has a great intro that builds layer upon layer . buttercup and down are also favorites of mine .
1			one	terrible	version	poor	i	amazed	vod	ok			beware video on demand for this movie . i am rating the quality of the video on demand version of the movie , not the movie itself . i downloaded this movie and played it on my 42 wide screen tv . the picture only occupied about half my screen . i tried increasing to full screen , but the images were excessively pixilated . i have rented other movies from vod that were okay , but this one was terrible . i m amazed that vod would post such a poor quality version of this excellent this rating is removed by the vod folks , i will post it elsewhere on amazon .
1			movie	bad	it	right	thing	laughable	looked	incredible	movie	entire	one	big			oh man this is a bad movie ! when i first saw this one back in 85 i was absolutely trembling with anticipation . dawn of the dead was one of my favorite movies and we had watched it on a sony betamax at least 20 times . fangoria had hyped the heck out of day and the gore looked incredible . well , the gore is gorey , but the movie bites the big one . awful characters , played by amateur actors , constantly arguing and yelling at each other , a villain so evil that he sneers every line of dialogue and scowls every time he's on camera never seen him in a movie since , i wonder why ? the whole thing with bud and the mad scientist was laughable actually the whole thing is a waste . romero should have waited till he had enough money to do it right . after the opening credits the entire movie is filmed in an underground bunker and yes the claustrophobia is contagious . i was out of my seat and into the sunshine before you could say missed oppportunity !
2			daughter	old	bargain	great	camera	easy			great bargain . i purchased this camera for my 8 year old daughter . she loves it . she took 96 pictures in the first two days . this camera is very easy to operate . i also puchased a 32 meg compact flash card and a card reader usb , the camera does not come with usb .
2			seems	good	price	right	suction	good	feels	sturdy	handle	adjustable	fact	great			love it ! i love this product . the suction is good and the quality of the product seems very good as well . it feels sturdy and the price was right . the fact that the handle is adjustable is great because i store one under my bathroom sink . cleaning the filter is easy as well . i would buy this vacuum again .
2			ears	big	periods	short	protection	great	earmuffs	perfect			this is great for the diy person . maybe not for the professional . these earmuffs are perfect for mowing the lawn or running my woodworking tools . they have great ear protection from loud sounds . however , this is my very first pair of earmuff style ear protection . i have found that , while they work very well and are excellent for short periods , they start to bother my ears after about an hour of continuous use . however , it just may be that i am still adjusting to them and that i have big ears !
1			actress	worst	shows	best	episodes	unwatchable			the first joss whedon show that deserved to be canceled . the first three episodes are unwatchable , an asexual sex fantasy starring maybe the worst actress working today . long live buffy and firefly , two of the best shows ever aired , but this thing looks to be an abortion of digital media .
1			fan	huge	mix	awful	mixing	bad	bands	greatest			bad mixing . i have been waiting for this dvd for almost two months and i couldn not have been more dissapointed . the mix on the geddy lee's mic is awful . i have changed settings on the audio menu on both the dvd player and the audio options on the dvd . my advice is do not waste your money on this , even if you are a huge rush fan like me . the sound engineers have slain one of the greatest bands of our time .
2			album	loud	album	best	riffs	great			one of the best rock album's of the 90 s ! there pretty much isnt anything wrong with this album , maybe a few tunes lacking what the best of the album have but not likely . with dead and bloated , sex type thing , plush , wicked garden , and creep , you cant go wrong and you certainly will want to play this album loud . with great riffs , a few guitar solo's , fast drums , and scott weiland's stellar voice , theres no reason to believe why this album couldnt possibly be one of the best of the 90 s .
2			movie	great	oldman	perfect	reno	mechanical	life	previous	godfather	italian	thriller	low			excellent action thriller . if you have never heard of jean reno , you have got to watch this very low key thriller . natalie portman performs beautifully and her acting is superlative . jean reno , the assasin , is calm , mechanical , and cold blooded . natalie enters his life literally via the door scene ! and it changed his oldman is perfect for the role of the movie villain and his acting is , as usual , believable and vicious . danny aiello is your proverbial italian godfather and he is casted just right and acted just movie , while deserving of 5 stars , certainly could have explored jean reno's previous life a lot longer , but regardless , the movie itself should have been named , not he professionals because all the actors were great and kudos to the potted plant . it was manhandled all over the place and it still lived unscathe . great movie .
1			player	horrible	quality	bad	player	portable			this portable dvd player is horrible ! too bad when i bought it there wasn not any reviews . the picture quality is extremely bad . hd films doesn not look hd on it . the player shows signs of problem after a month bought . films stopped suddenly for no apparent reason . the programing doesn not seem to respond to changes . will never buy from mustek again ! ! ! 1
2			support	friendly	looks	great			it looks great , not do it . i loved my lifedrive for the 7 weeks it functioned . they replaced the unit . only to find that the second died after only one hour . one stuck in a loop , the other just froze . tech support is always friendly , but can give me no solution but to offer another . i don not want it . i even offered to take a lesser stay a palm customer as i have been for 10 years it does not fit into their procedure . it is the last palm product i will ever a costly $ 500 mistake to have a cool pda for 7 weeks of operation . don not do it ! !
2			song	new	song	good	they	great	clarkson	tight			kelly clarkson is so tight ! her new song is sooo good . it's growing on me alot . i didn not here every song on the cd but i heard 3 and they were great . go get this cd now , i listened to the first it was bombay , bam bam , kelly !
2			i	glad	album	great	stranger	classic	job	great	way	special			this album is great ! i love this album ! i m so glad i bought it . tamia is a wonderful singer ! i wish this album did better because a lot of people slept on this album . i love the remake to love me in a special way . she did a great job remaking that . i like the sexiness of can not no man . that song puts anyone in the mood . stranger in my house is a classic . the overall album was great . can not wait for still . i love the single that's out .
2			laugh	good	it	great	glimpse	tiny	situation	like	interviews	extensive			essential as a fan for blink -182 green day , or kut u up . not as good as blink's urethra chronicles series , but definitely essential as a fan to blink or any of the other bands featured in this movie . though the movie mainly focuses on up and comers kut u up , it also deals extensively with blink -182 s mark hoppus and tom delonge and green day's billie joe armstrong . if you are in a band and thinking about touring , this video will give you a tiny glimpse of what your situation might be like , though i doubt it will be with mark hoppus . dthis movie is hilarious ; following the antics of kut u up and mostly blink -182 it gives you an inside look on each band and has extensive interviews with most bands featured in the dvd . this movie , coupled with the urethra chronicles series , are what made me fall in love with blink -182 because everyone on this movie seems so cool as people . it's great for fans of the bands , and highly recommended for a good laugh .
2			one	hard	book	great			great book . just ordered this book and i m almost done with 's a hard one to put down . i enjoy reading kristin hannahs book because most of them take place in washington state . i was born and raised there . i know of alot of the places she writes about .
2			results	great	handling	heavy	it	portable	ones	new	job	good			a year of review . having had this for a year now , i can decidedly reiterate a few comments made here and hopefully offer some new ones . indeed , as most will describe , the weight of this unit is a bit much . surely eureka could improve upon that to make it more portable to take to a second story . and the trouble with the weight is that it is in the shaft of the vacuum rather than the foot . if the weight were concentrated in the foot it would take away some of the heavy handling that otherwise results . what is great is the suction . this vacuum really does a good job of picking up the downside it does use bags , meaning a need to constantly check to make sure it isn not full , having to buy bags literally throwing money away . it also has an attachment meant to scrub stairs as a mini vacuum , but that accessory is really overall it has been performing very nicely . and is a decent product with great results . 4 stars .
1			choices	bad	advice	good	color	classic			good product advice , bad color choices . paula begoun does give some good advice on products in this book . however , i must disagree in her assessment of what makeup colors a woman should and shouldn not wear . i don not believe that everyone should stick to neutral shades and avoid blues and greens or other unnatural colors anywhere in their makeup . she adds this well intentioned but horrific photo spread of herself , showing how to put on makeup . the demonstration only helps to make her look muddy , flat and uninteresting . the excellent classic color me beautiful by carole jackson is a better choice for makeup colors . go for the rest of her advice but skip the color recommendations .
1			stomach	strong	tastes	horrible	tastes	bad			tastes really bad . i usually drink the mothers milk tea but thought i would give the yogi tea a try . it did nothing for my supply and it tastes horrible . i got through 2 boxes and couldn not finish the last four . i have a strong stomach and can usually tolerate anything . the mothers milk tea at least makes a difference in my supply .
1			taste	normal	tastes	bad			tastes bad . we bought two packs of zico pure premium coconut water natural , 11.2 ounce tetra paks , when significantly discounted , and found both packs to have a weird taste completely unlike the sweet normal coconut water taste . be wary of this product .
2			movie	great			beware of created opinions ! }}those 2 above . telling great movie ! a very good directed and all the lame stuff they said . exactly 2 days after amazon posted this bollocks ! the suposedly filmfanatic , has only reviewed this film ? whoo do you think you can fool ? are you expecting soem rushinmg buyer to go for your movie ? come on ! hahaha
2			sisters	old	toy	great	ways	different			great toy for all ages . bought starter set for 2 year old , but found that 5 and 10 year old sisters played with it decided to add more pieces . bought this set for 6 year old's love putting the pieces together in so many different ways . great toy for all ages .
1			version	crap	version	recent	pictures	poor	version	complete			don not get the kindle version . ditto on the reviewers who say there are discrepencies from one book to the next . i am going to try for the most recent and complete version to see if i get any consistency . however , even more annoying , the kindle version is crap . it is all images of the food lists poor resolution pictures you can not search on foods and you have to enlarge every image to read it . i returned it .
2			music	great	i	sick			shaolin in tha house . i was so sick of hearing female's bashing males in songs and then i heard eamon and wow . coming from a female . on and on nice and slow with some pretty cool lyrics . f k it i don not want you back need i say anymore ? girl act right great music and very catchy controversy love the intro music and the bridge part i would rather f k with you ohmigosh , i love this re worked verison of bootsy collin's i would rather be with you . all and all , this album is still in top rotation in my stereo .
2			editon	recent	book	great			great . if you are serious about studying chinese , this book is great . easy to read and understand . i , also , purchased the more recent editon and workbook . very good .
2			book	enjoyable	specialty	true	editing	loose	book	great	reading	enjoyable			infused with wave after wave of enjoyable reading ! a number of stories are a true specialty , and this enactment of is a painless reading trek of simple interpretation , laced with interesting and somewhat sexy dialogue and well developed characterizations , especially caitlin and the strong willed susan , who are infused with wave after wave of indelible human truth . genuinely surprised by the plot , and the dominatrixes and submissives , and designed toys and other tools of the trade you will come up , i had to stay up until after midnight to finish it . even though i have found i have some issues with the loose editing of the book , it never the less rates gold stars across the boa rd great , enjoyable book .
2			book	great	book	good			i thought the book was great . i thought the book was good to read . it gave me an idea of how the world really could be if it wanted to . i enjoyed reading it . i kept me in suspence .
2			book	great			great book . great book . just as good as the first one , in the heat of the night . i intend to read all of the virgil tibbs mysteries .
2			way	great	ones	little	one	little			educational and well made . a great way to get your little one to encourage letter and sound recognition , as well as counting and recognizing numbers . very educational and fun for the little ones . my 2 1 2 year old son had a hard time staying engaged for the whole alphabet , but i could see how this would be great for a 3 year old .
2			order	new	gretton	excellent	it	great			i just wish it were longer . i really enjoyed this documentary on joy division . a lot of the so called rock documentaries that are out there are basically a bunch of little known rock critics and industry insiders who had nothing to do with the band . having everyone in the joy division inner circle save for deborah curtis and their manager , rob gretton was really excellent and it was great hearing them speak from the heart . i recommend this to any fan of joy division , post punk music , ian curtis , new order , or just the curious .
2			hiding	good	texture	nice	hiding	great	hiding	little	mix	good			nice texture , decent quality , a bit too long . compared to other pants with the same in seam , these pants are a fair bit longer . this is fine , because i tend to crouch and bend over a lot working texture is a good mix for the working environment , and seems to 'stay clean even through 8 hours on the job . i really enjoy the side pocket for my box cutter , great little hiding far , so good .
2			rest	ok	songs	best	movie	awesome			review . the movie was awesome . i went out and got the soundtrack right away because in the movie they had these awesome techno tracks . they weren not on the cd . the rest of the cd is ok , but what happened to the techno stuff ? they should have definitly included the best songs , not the wor st
2			phones	different	product	fantastic	i	pleased			fantastic product ! i have only written a few reviews . too little time . but i am so pleased by this product that i will make product includes the usb cord and software . some companies sell each product separately . what a success ! my cell phone is sprint's sanyo pm -8200 works perfectly at home and office with windows xp and outlook . i have transferred pictures , updated and backed up my contact list without proble ms reading and editing outlook appointments on the phone has been less optimal due to phone limitations . however , the software product price was a bargain , considering that other stores , that is , radio shack , several on line stores . were much higher . nearly 2 the price i paid at amazon . although i have only one sanyo cell phone , i was pleased to read that i could connect up to five different phones . anyway . this product works . if i lost the software and usb cord , i would buy this product again .
2			item	great	speeker	little			great item . i had got this for about 6 mounths now , and it works great . but the little speeker that comes with it is not the greate st the looks that people give me r priceless ! the ice cream man , and the p . a . works the be st
2			help	little	book	short	i	glad	book	great			great book . i really enjoyed this book the bond , it was a fast and entertaining read . i enjoyed the story of laura and julian and how they met as spirits and then realized that they were bonded to each other after a little help . this was a short book only 89 pages but the author karen magill managed to put a lot of information about the characters into the book . the only thing i was disappointed in was that the book ended . i hope karen magill is planning on book 2 because i can not wait to see what happens with the characters and what happens when laura's brother lee christopher comes home . i am so glad that i received a complimentary copy of this book in exchange for an honest review .
2			stove	useless	cap	plastic	cap	little	stove	great	parts	available no			watch out for . i would love to give this stove a better rating . this was a great stove right up until the plastic cap on the regulator broke . the whole stove is made of stainless steel and brass , but a little cap on the regulator is plastic . what were they thinking ? the cap breaking renders the stove useless . i do like the stove , so i have ordered a replacement regulator . just be careful , and be protective of that little plastic cap . also be aware that parts are not readily available . coleman stove parts can be found in hardware and sports stores far more easily .
2			i	concerned	gift	great	i	happy			kisstory awesome . very satisfied ! ! i purchheased this a a christmas gift . i was a little concerned about it being a used book . i was very happy with the condtion of the book . it made a great gift for a super fan of the group . thanks and i would purchase again .
2			area	small	product	good	disappointment	huge	me	wrong	company	great	version	current	software	great	itself	good	software	pricey			it is exaclty what is says . as of 10 16 06 v 8.5 is the most current version , and that it what was shipped to you install the cd you get to only choose from a rather small area . like 1 4 -1 2 of your state for me , orlando key west . this was a huge disappointment . city navigator gives you the entire us map on dvd for streets , that's 2 gigs of data , so why does blue chart only give you like 20 egs of bluechart data on a cd . it just doesn not make software is pricey , but necessary for and all i would like to give it 3 stars for making me feel ripped off but i gave it 4 stars because the product itself is actually very good . i also feel that once you buy their overpriced software , that you should be entitled to updates for it . but of course you are not . you have to go and plant down more money to garmin if you want the next not get me wrong , garmin is a great company with great software , i just wish they weren not so greedy .
2			effects	great	game	fun	games	traditional	you	disappointed no	system	realistic	east	soft			war game lover . i loved this game from the first moment i tried it . i grew up playing and really enjoying traditional board games like avalon hill's squad leader . this game is just as fun and it eliminates all of the difficulties that result from playing by hand that is , no messy counters , etc . the play system is very realistic . it also has great sound effects . i would recommend this game to anyone that enjoys war gaming . you will not be disappointed . by the way , try the talon soft east front game as well . it is the version based on battles in russia and the rest of eastern europe .
2			portfolio	durable	portfolio	deep	handles	comfortable	value	great	portfolio	reasonable			great value for price . the portfolio is deep enough to carry my drawing board , t square , and still have for drawing paper and other drawing materials . the portfolio is also durable and reasonable priced . my only con is that it lacks a shoulder strap . although the handles are comfortable on the hands .
1			i	surprised	it	light	back	bad			eureka vacuum . i was pleasantly surprised how well this vacuum worked . i have several pets so it gets a lot of use . i also have a bad back and love it is so light weight and easy to run .
2			it	like	characters	great	it	long			tiger , tiger really good . it has been so long since i read this but i do remember that i really enjoyed it . the characters were great and who wouldn not enjoy thinking about what it would be like to own a tiger as a pet . this book also takes you to a time when christianity was still coming about and the coliseum was still used as entertainment . a fun book and anyone who loves animals , tigers , or ancient history i think would enjoy this book .
1			movie	realistic	people	bad			guys movie . so for all of you people saying this movie was bad take a step back and look at what you are watching . this is a hollywood movie made for an audience who loves explosions , cars , guns , sexy women , and a simple story line . this movie was not made to be realistic it is a sci fi movie . just pop some corn watch it and enjoy . way better than the notebook or any other chick flick out there .
2			glove	great	gloves	expensive	leather	soft			great glove for the price . made with a tougher leather this gloves lasts way longer than other more expensive gloves . sure the other gloves have that super soft leather , but with that comes accelerated wear and tear . often times the expensive gloves develop minor tears after just one game . these gloves will last you most of the season . i found that i often lost my glove before it wore out . the only drawback is that the hand tends to sweat more in this glove , but if you remove it after every shot you won not have a problem .
1			news	good	fan	biggest	game	worst	controls	horrible			flat out horrible . this game is the worst game i have ever played and i m the probably the biggest boxing fan out there . the controls are horrible , i can not stand using the joystick i wish i could use the directional buttons . you can not control body shots and the manual gives no instructions on how to throw body shots . the career mode is a disaster . bottom line don not by this game , save your money . good news , i heard that mike tyson's boxing will be better . cross your fingers .
1			fan	poor			poor quality fan . this wall fan shakes and vibrates continually even though it is securily fastened to the wall . it appears that the problem is the non rigid fan cage . we would not recommend this fan to anyone . hopefully amazon will replace this product with a quality fan .
1			nothing	bad			better than expected . i have nothing bad to say about this griddle . it cooks pancakes evenly and the surface is truly non stick . no oil or butter required . for the price , i couldn not be happier .
2			it	great			mini music . i love my ipod . it is so great for my daily walks and when i just want to sit on the beach and relax . it is great ! i didn not need something with a whole bunch of frills but something that will play music .
2			cast	hard	weight	extra	carsen	fresh	ain	real	kaufmann	short	i	concerned	voice	great			vissi d refund . honestly , sorry i bought this . jonas kaufmann is seriously magnificent and if that's all you need from an opera named not osca then charge away with my blessing . emily magee has a great voice and is a fine actress but the things she's called upon to do by the director , as on the floor , strip down to her slip , etc only make her look uncomfortable and aren not flattering to a woman with the extra weight she's carrying . she's especially poorly dressed in act ii and that's inexcusable as far as i m concerned . thomas hampson is nobody's idea of a scarpia but , at 12 feet tall he's certainly menacing enough amongst a cast that is hard to reach 5 8 in heels i never realized how short kaufmann was not ill now . as much as i love robert carsen's fresh take on so many opera's this one falls completely flat except at the finale of act so , if you can not live without jonas kaufmann's latest triumph it's all yours . if you are looking for a real ain not it .
2			approach	gentle	books	nice	dimension	great			gentle biography for students . we have enjoyed the opal wheeler biographies as her approach is a gentle and kind approach to the life of the arti st it seems many of the biographies provide too much information that isn not appropriate for children , dare i say mean spirited ? in an age when children need heroes let's use mrs wheelers books to offer them some . handel's biography was enjoyed by my boys almost 10 and 12 we use the music cds that accompany the stories which adds a great dimension so much that my boys asked if they would be able to play the music once they have piano lessons . i recommend everything by opal wheeler . zeezok publishing has offered the books in hardcover and they are very nice books . collect them & build your grandchildren's libraries .
2			edition	great	training	like	anderson	mysterious	edition	new	version	old			great new edition ! this new edition of the trainer really makes a difference . the story is still about michael laguardia , who wants to become a trainer of slaves under the guidance of the mysterious anderson . in the old version , i felt like i didn not know enough about michael and his motives . i also didn not think there was enough sex in the book . there's lots more sex here , especially of the male dominant , female submissive type . plus , antoniou fills in the gaps by giving us more details on the slave training style of californian geoff negel , and she takes us overseas to see what slave training is like in england . maybe a precusor to her fifth book , the first chapter of which is at the end of book 4 the academy ? i hope so ! all in all , this reading was much more satisfying in fact , it inspired me to go back and read the academy again , because now i see how closely these books are tied together pun intended !
1			brand	specific no	sprayer	poor	looks	identical			poor sprayer . i have another one of these that looks identical , but its not this specific brand . the other one works great , this one holds pressure but barely sprays anything . so as the saying goes your mileage may vary with this item .
2			bases	extra	base	extra	benefit	great	it	difficult			extra charging base . my company uses multiple two way radios amongst many employees through out the company , but not all the employees work in the same areas of the plant , which made it difficult to split up the radio sets with out having extra charging bases to disperse with the radio . being able to purchase just the charger was a great benefit , so that each radio could be charged regularly by its owner .
2			hands	tiny	i	disappointed	pieces	great			not too impressed . i bought this puzzle truly because it was on the cheaper side and i usually like the melissa & doug this puzzle is chunky pieces great for tiny hands but the paint comes right off the pieces over time . we have had this puzzle for a few months and the paint just chips right off . we recieved the same one again as a gift and it did the same thing . i was very disappointed in this product .
2			dvd	great			more nanny season 3 4 5 6 7 please . the dvd of the nanny searise is great . i watch them every day . please , how do we get the other seasons on dvd ? do i have to go out and buy a tivo to get the rest of them ? thanksneed more nanny
2			volumes	high	highs	clear	highs	crisp	mids	crisp	cans	portable	highs	great			great highs , dreadful bass . i had purchased these headphone as closed ear alternative over the px 100 hoping the sound quality would be similar but i returned them after a week . the highs and mids were crisp and clear at a medium volume but the bass response was dreadful . muffled thuds that could only be heard in the quietest of environments and distorted groans is how i would describe the bass because the noise cancellation on this set is so so and the bass distorts at high volumes outside , treadmill , on a bus i would not recommend this set for anyone who values bass in their music . i purchased the denon ah p 372 after my return which has the same design characteristics folding / collapsible , portable , closed ear , and compact and excellent bass response , better noise cancelation and sound clarity . i would recommend them over the px 200 for anyone looking for portable closed ear cans .
1			book	complete	linesmen	best	fan	average	stories	weak	it	painful	it	bad	book	total			a big let down . scampy held back . i really looked forward to reading this book over the christmas holiday . however , it's very painful for me to say that this book was a complete and total let down . based on scampy's tenure in the nhl , i would have expected so much more , but scampy held back . clearly , scampy didn not want to do a tell all book , but this book was so poorly written and organized with weak stories and annecdotes . scampy certainly had better material that he could have shared with us . perhaps i can not blame him for not wanting to get into more details on topics the average hockey fan would want to know . scampy was the best linesmen i ever saw and his career spanned so many years . it's just too bad the book did not get into the level of detail and stories that scampy must surely have filed in his memory banks that we all would have enjoyed reading .
2			action	realistic	series	great	burps	small	world	real	life	real	look	real			i m no spook spy , but this looked and felt real ! i not a spy in real life , but i saw one on my tv . this mini series seemed to have all the details just right . it felt like the real world . their were consequences for every action , and the action was realistic , therefore believable . and the spycraft , i believe was real . peter struass is now one of my favorite actors . if you are someone who wants to see movies about spies that aren not full of cliches , this one is for you . the only reason i gave it 4 stars is that the production had a few burps in the audio . some of the post production looping re recording dialog that was not captured well on location was not as good as it could have been . despite the small audio burps , this is a great mini series .
2			family	entire	movie	great	fan	huge			great movie ! my entire family loves this movie . i am a huge superhero fan . so you could imagine my excitement when the avengers came out . i couldn not buy this movie fast enough .
2			tune	different	read	fantastic			a witty , mysterious romp mixed with intrigue . logston has outdone herself as she sets the scene for the two other shadow novels . shadow is witty , mischevious , daring and jovial , and gives this novel a certain spice that made me want to read it nonstop ! i certainly recommend this novel to fantasy lovers who enjoy something set to a different tune once in awhile . a fantastic read ! !
2			it	great	quality	good			nice ! good quality , okay shipping . it was written in a few parts once in a practice test but then it stopped . but other than those complaints , it was great !
1			quality	worst			piece of junk . i bought this for my 5 year old for her birthday . the wings keep falling off and so does the necklace and bell on it . also the saddle falls off when you put the barbie on . i have many mattell toys and this by far is the worst quality i have ever seen . i called the compony and they offered a refund but how do you return a birthday present . even though i am displeased with the quality , my daughter won not part with it .
1			romance	worst	characters	main	week	entire	novel	horrible	book	good			quite simply the worst romance i have ever read . this book was quite simply the worst romance i have ever read . i am not an especially fast reader but i usually manage to read a good book in one or two days . this book took me an entire week before i finally tossed it aside . the plot was inconsistent and so full of errors i found myself re reading vast sections of it to make some sense of what was going on . the two main characters seem to repeat the same passionate scene to the point that it became not passionate at all but simply redundant . i bought this book based on the shinning reviews of other readers so i wrote this to warn any future buyers , at least one person thought this was a horrible romance novel .
2			steps	detailed	book	great			great book ! great for learning how do draw the dc characters with detailed steps and tips on how to draw them you can not go wrong if you buy this book .
2			pain	real	concept	great			great concept , poorly implemented . i loved the idea of a dual thermometer . might have been good if it worked more than 3 times . this device lacks robustness needed for the job as advertized . on top of that setting the alert temperature is a real pain . it only goes up , not up and down . so if you overshoot your 165 setting its all the way up into the 400 s before you start over again . the timer is a pain to use as well . i chucked this sucker and got seperate timer . still looking for a thermometer .
2			product	great			great product . the two battery packs i got through amazon , charged and work very well , i recommend them to anyone with a cordless drill .
2			it	available	blender	plastic	asset	great	cleaning	easy	it	safe	blender	old	cup	safe			awesome hand blender ! i have to say i love this hand blender . the color brightens my kitchen and my mood as i cook . my old hand blender was plastic on the bottom and did not come apart for easy cleaning like this one does . the fact that it is dishwasher safe helps too and i love the cup that came with it as well . the cup is microwaveable and dishwasher safe . great asset to any kitchen and it is available in so many pretty colors ! awesome job cuisinart ! and amazon for the price !
1			ru	great	quality	poor	isn	great no			ru 's great but . i bought this dvd because i like ru pauls music and video's . the movie was shot in a poor quality and the story isn not great . but who cares ru paul looks phantastic . you go girl ! ! stef
2			look	ok	looks	great			looks great on the counter but . . i bought this toaster because of it's looks . i wanted something i could leave out that would look ok . i had it for about 5 months before it broke . the toast will no longer pop up . you have to unplug it to get the toast up . i would not buy this toaster again no matter how great it looks on my counter .
1			movie	interesting no	performances	worst	part	fine			watch something else . we enjoy mysteries of all kinds but this movie was not very interesting . we have enjoyed other dennehy movies and the part he played was fine but this must of been one of hershey's worst performances .
2			videos	different	videos	great	job	great			great for beginners . i took a yoga class in college and absolutely loved it . i wanted a way to continue practicing after the class ended . although the videos are much different than actually being in class i always really appreciated the one on one feedback on proper posture they did a great job of creating a relaxed atmosphere and explaining how to preform each pose . with three dvds included , there are workouts designed for almost every purpose . for me , these are great videos for yoga beginners .
2			vocals	best	melody	good	group	big	work	awesome	music	best	song	best	blasting	good	trance	best	trance	vocal			the best song . dj's @ work is awesome ! this song is one of the best vocal trance around . i have been listening to this song over and over again . it has the best vocals and the melody is also good . this group keeps coming out with the best music . i can not wait to get the album . all of their songs are awesome . this is one of my favorite songs . if you like trance or vocal trance you gotta get this cd . it sounds really good blasting in the car and on the dancefloor . this group is gonna be big !
1			performance	bad			now they saying ms before they mention your name , girl ! i feel as though i have been waiting on this cd forever . i have always been a kelly fan , even back in the day when she with beyonce & the other girls , also know as destiny's child . beyonce has an overpowering voice that at times can get annoying , although i still love her , but kelly's voice more soft and smooth . this cd showcases her talents as singer as well as a talented writer . after the bet awards , i was a little afraid as to what this cd might sound like , however after listening to the cd , i have decided that i will just chalk up the bad performance to nerves . i can not wait for more from ms kelly . track listings and this 4 52 comeback 5 5 one of my favorites 3 ghetto 4 5 55 flashback -3 56 every thought is you 4 show 4 58 interlude 9 still in love with my ex 5 4 511 better without you 5 is love -3 5 just wish there were more songs ! !
1			foods	different	batch	bad			product makes me ill . i don not have hashimoto's , and relatively few allergies , but this product makes me nauseous and upsets my regularity . it made me feel funky all day . i tried it three different times , with different foods , different times of the day , and once without food . all three times had the same effect . i threw the rest away . it might have been a bad batch ?
2			cd	good	jazz	great			boney james is the bomb diggity . relaxing and soothing very good cd . i listen to this when i take long drives which is very often . i can drive calmly while listening to great smooth jazz .
2			songs	great	reeves	great			great songs . jim reeves was a great died to music will live for ever . i got most of his cds .
2			it	clean	smell	great			smell great and is enviromentally friendly . i tried generation's , it is ok , clean but meyer's make your cloths clean , soft and smell great . after finishing this supply , i will order the same again .
2			i	concerned	units	comfortable	headset	great	i	pleased			great headset . i bought the ltb mg ac 97 to replace my microsoft lx 3000 unit , which became inoperative . both units were fairly comfortable , but not for long hours of gaming . fortunately , i was able to transfer the david clark liquid filled cushions , which i had bought for the ms headset , directly over to the ltb . this adds that 5 h star , but ltb didn not add it , i did . being able to tell where the threat is coming from , in a game like far cry 2 for example , is very valuable , and ltb's 5.1 surround sound set up does just that . i was concerned that the lack of a boom , for the mic . might be a problem , but my fellow gamer , wife , hears me 5 by 5 when we play wow , or minor glitch , probably unique to my particular set up , is that a line spike , from the switch on my desk lamp will knock out my headset audio , but usually , i can click the volume buttons a bit , and it will come back . i m planning to get a lighted keyboard , so that problem will be reduced . overall , i am pleased with this product .
1			company	bad	co	bad			bad co live at wembley . i opened up the bad company live at wembley box and found a tom selleck movie inside instead . jesse stone no remorse . jesse may have no remorse , but i sure do . stay away from sourcemedia .
1			scholarship	good	nations	rich	conclusions	bad	rights	basic			good scholarship , bad conclusions . herman just close his eyes for many of the propphetic pessimistic insights that he rich nations of the world are acting like ancient usurers , lending money to the desperate poor on terms that cannot possibly be met and , thus , steadily acquiring more and more control over the lives and assets of the , are basic rights of human existence confined to those civilized societies wealthy enough to afford them ? everyone's values are defined by what they will tolerate when it is done to others . civilization is a movement and not a condition , a voyage and not a harbor . arnold toynbee
2			collector	great			this game has been shut down since 2008 don not buy . i can not believe that amazon is selling this game . this is for an online version that shut down in 2008 if you are buying it as a collector great , otherwise its a useless box with a cd , a key chain and a certificate inside .
2			example	true	adventure	great	struggle	hard	history	great			even after third read , this book still amazes . there are only a few book i have read more than once but this one is at the top of that li st although i know the ending , it doesn not take away from the intensity of the story . mary ingles is a true example of what we can endure if we keep our focus . her struggle is hard to imagine but she perseveres , returns home , and lives another 60 years . great history . great adventure .
2			story	powerful	adults	young	characters	unique	characters	compelling	style	enjoyable	story	enjoyable	adults	regular	adults	old	style	great	book	great			a great book . wise child was one of my favorite books growing up . it is a simple , but powerful story that is really enjoyable for young adults and regular old adults . the characters are very unique and compelling . monica furlong has a great writing style that is enjoyable in itself .
2			drinks	hot	chocolate	hot	product	great	water	hot			sunpentown hot water dispensing pot 3 l . great product and quality for the price . nice to have hot water always ready for tea , instant coffee , or hot chocolate . a must for people who love hot drinks .
2			base	military	it	interesting	score	bad no	base	local	bureaucrat	old			peter hyams directs another snoozer zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz . pretty mundane stuff from director peter hyams as usual . mark harmon plays an obnoxious san francisco police detective who investigates a murder that took place on local military base , and goes head to head with an old army bureaucrat , the presidio's chief provost , unconvincingly played by sean connery . strictly hyams usual uninspired formula is at work here . it is still interesting to watch connery in a role that he is totally miscast and see just how he approaches this character . bruce broughton's score is not bad .
2			case	old	it	large	price	great			rugged universal is well built but it is really to large to meet my requirments the smaller version is what i really wanted . the unit i got is very rugged but i really needed the smaller size one for my insulin pump storage on my person while working if you could send me information i will order the smaller version as i am still using my old worn case for in use storage of my insulin pump i would appreciate a reply to my e mail address about another smaller size if possible . thank you if the smaller one fits as i hope i will pass information along to the pump users in my group for future orders that stand up to the rugged use by pumpers at aa great price . thanks terrance thompson e mail
2			cookware	great	purchase	good			great cookware ! it has been with me for over a year and still looks the way i bought it . only a few pieces have been misplaced in the move i can honestly say a good purchase early in my marriage .
2			haven	great			great ! nobody wants to excercise , but ana just keeps her encouragement up for you . i have been doing it now for almost 3 years and really feel it when i don not do it ! i have worn out my first tape and am looking into a dvd as i think my second tape is going . i haven not any balance so doing everything on the floor mat is great for me . so if you haven not any balance you have no where else to fall .
2			phrases	easy	tool	great			great and easy to follow . i recently was given a demo version of this product and i must say it is a great learning tool for children ! i was playing it for my step kids that are in their teens and after watching it we all were walking around reciting phrases from each chapter . the characters are very interactive and the phrases are easy to pick up . i would highly recommend this to anyone wanting to teach their children a second language since this is something you can pop into the dvd player and let them listen to it all day . they will pick it up and learn quickly ! i sure started to !
2			acting	great			revisiting . my husband and i saw this movie for the first time many years ago . we recently vacationed in hawaii , so this was a perfect movie to revisit . realistic ; great acting .
2			one	great			dbz is one of the best in anime . this video contains a great one on one fight between vegeta and recoome , go vegeta ! ! they need to seriously hurry up and get the rest at least to the end of z dubbed . it's a tease to dub the videos this far , and then stop . the subtitled z & gt videos are all over the place , i hate trying to read and watch the screen at the same time ! at least some newly dubbed episodes are coming to t . v . this summer or so i heard . i just hate how we are having to wait this long . go dbz ! !
2			tastes	great	reviews	mixed			works very well . i realize that there have been mixed reviews on this product but , thank the lord , the one i received in december 2011 is working beautifully . it appears to be well made , brews quickly and the coffee tastes great . no complaints .
2			book	great			great book to show someone how much you love them . what a great book . this children's book is filled with fun examples of instances of love . it grants a child a clearer picture of the deep love a parent has for a child . i would recommend this for ages 4 -6 enjoy !
2			sound	great	sound	clear			no bass . i don not understand all the reviews saying the sound is great . it may be clear sound but there's no bottom end . it sounds almost tinny to me . i expect more from sony . i will go back to the $ 15 phillips i had before .
2			nephew	old	gift	good	gift	great			great gift ! i bought this for my 8 year old nephew and he loves the toy ! a good alternative gift to video game packs for tech savvy boys and girls and cheaper , too .
2			chan	classic	friend	old	it	great	set	next			good to see an old friend . after the mgm boxed set of latter lesser titles albeit wonderful prints it's great to have the classic chan to see again after all these years . bring on the next set .
1			season	hot	powers	mysterious	susceptibility	exciting	ship	bad			as good if not better than season one . aside from some lapses in writing , season two is absolutely hot . clark gets heat vision as a result of puberty . we all know that superman had heat vision , but this take on its development is absolutely diverting . his susceptibility to red kryptonite is equally exciting , with an episode red that mixes teenage rebellion with bad , bad meteor space ship and its mysterious powers are developed further , and the luthors are even more dastardly , lex is edging ever towards the dark side . while some episodes were frankly , stupid , we still love this series more than any other on television . having the dvd's means never having to say sorry , nothing on tonight . for someone who , as a kid who was not allowed to read comic books and who read superman under the covers with a flashlight , this series gives me the same childish delight in the supernatural .
1			quality	poor			avoid ! the minute hand was broken when the clock arrived and had to be returned . you can feel the poor quality as soon as you pick it up . i m going to spend a little bit more money and get a better clock , you should do the same .
2			percussives	small	place	good	sound	traditional	singers	popular	song	great	music	true			take a trip to nubia ! what an awakening thought we would seen & heard it all , that is until we came by this cd . our meagre collection of egyptian and sudanese music was mostly limited to the popular singers , and we thought to add some more traditional sound to the shelf . this cd was just the ticket ! kuban is the voice of nubia . the music is bewitching . our favorite track 2 a sweet hypnotic love song to the beautiful brown one a woman named om sara , mother of sara . track 5 mabruk congratulations is a great wedding song in praise of a handsome couple , somewhat more oriental in melody and with the addition of fine trumpet playing . although not meant as dance music , the beat is out there and gets the feet tapping . the upper nile liking for the accordion adds brightness to the accompaniment of hand played drums and small percussives . if you want to get to the roots of true egyptian music , this cd is a good place to start . listen intently ! enjoy !
2			movie	correct no	film	great	people	black	we	true	soundtrack	terrific	livingin	black	colors	terrific	world	magical			a terrific black sploitation film ! i watched this movie late one saturday night and have not been able to get it out of my head ever since . the pastel colors and the soundtrack were terrific . even though i am a white man , there for making me the victim of this movie , i simply loved it ! it seems that other members of my race did not seem to enjoy it as well as i did , but the fact is , you have to look past the fact that this movie really is politically incorrect . i really am not much of a judge on how black people are treated today , but i know that this film really showed me how different my own life would be if i were a black man livingin the late sixties / early seventies . it just proves that all that we in the magical world of white were really true . we actually were exploiting these people , just for the color of their skin . maybe , just maybe , the world isn not such a pretty place after all . great film ! i whole heartedly recommend it .
2			film	great	scenery	gorgeous	i	small			great family film beautiful scenery . fun movie for the whole family if a little predictable , the gorgeous scenery makes it well worthwhile . i grew up watching these films and still enjoy them . when i was small , the wildlife and mountains thrilled me ; now as an adult mom , i must admit watching robert logan holds a bit more than a passing interest !
1			disk	bad	dvd	new	disk	new			bad dvd disk . returned dvd to vendor 12 18 12 because of error on disk . want a new dvd disk that works but the vendor will not supply me a new dvd as requested .
2			gift	great	everything	legal	thing	nice			straight forward . i have bought a couple of books to help me improve my credit score after i was turned down for a credit book showed me how i was actually hurting my credit by every time i applied for a card , and was denied . i used the included sample letters to get those denials removed from my credit report . i took me about 2 months to clear most of my inquiries as i learned in the book off my credit report . a month later , i had a credit nice thing about this book is that everything it suggests is legal . a lot of these credit repair books and services have you breaking the law or being dishonest to improve your book is a great gift for people who are just starting out . i have given this it to friends and family to help them too . i would definitely recommend this book , no matter how your credit is .
2			job	great			dvd not blu ray won not play . i have tried it on two dvd players and one pc dvd drive and it isn not recognized as a valid disk . another pc dcd drive can play it , but only if i want to watch the damn thing on a 12 inch monitor . great job , guys . way to encourage downloading from the internet rather than buying . thanks for stealing my money .
2			condition	great	value	great			great value . great condition , great value , and came with a neat book of pics and behind the scenes info . both people i gave this to loved it !
2			speakers	great	looks	great			great speakers . they are very compact speakers which will fit onto any computer table . the sub woofer does not have a bass / treble control , but they can be perfectly confgured by any great sounding speakers with great looks ! ! should buy if you are looking for something under $$$
2			teachers	famous	player	advanced	deal	great	book	good			good book for serious , advanced player . first the book did not appear as it does in the picture . plain blue binding . a great deal of information from one of the famous flute teachers .
2			scale	great	needs	small			ready to send some letters ? this scale is great for all my small postal needs and helps avoid long lines at the usps , ups , or fedex .
2			idea	good	size	nice	idea	great			nice size and features . great gift idea for the avid golfer . was a gift for two golfers , one being retired and spends a lot of time golfing . even though it's not collecting dust , it doesn not receive that much usage . i think this is much more of a novelty than of a necessity if you were going to compare the two .1 star deduction because this does not become a one stop shop for golfer tools . it's handy but their are golf tools out there that do just as good of a job , a lot of them do a better job if you want a good gift idea for someone that wants one go to golf tool , this is it .
2			music	old	it	great	smiles	big			back in the day music . love old school music and it was great hearing these songs ! brought back lots of memories and some big smiles .
2			game	great	we	simple			great game . we got this game and it pretty simple to set up . spiderman swings very well when the height is adjusted properly . we also have kept the game intact after building it once so its very easy to start playing immediately . my kids loved playing with it .
1			gum	bad			bad gum . let me just say that i normally don not review things that i buy from amazon , but i felt that it had to be known that this gum is less than spectacular . i chew about a 12 -14 count pack of gum a day , but the flavor runs out on this in a mere minutes . i find myself eating 20 -40 pieces . if you want xylitol gum , i think you should look for other brands , namely trident .
2			movie	great	halle	mediocre	actors	decent			halle is mediocre . an hour and a half of this movie was all i could take . i never once bought into halle berry's performance . her dialect came across as more phony and forced than natural . her give me what i want scene was meant to be taken seriously but she was so stodgy i couldnt help but laugh . the other actors are decent . the movie would have been great if it had been about billy bob and mos defs characters .
2			quality	great			had these before . i had these before and loved them ! someone borrowed them from me and never gave them back , so i needed to replace them . i guess they liked them too ! great sound quality ! no problems with shipping either .
1			handles	small	series	comfortable	branding	poor	models	old	dogs	small	leash	large	hands	large	dogs	large	handle	large			smaller handle than old models . do not purchase this model if you have large hands . the comfort series is far less comfortable for me than the old you have large hands , you should get this one instead flexi durabelt leash 16 ft up to 150 lbs in blackunfortunately , flexi does not pay attention to the size of the handle . all leashes for small dogs have small handles . some leashes for large dogs have small handles compared to other models . flexi's branding on the leashes is poor . make sure you get the right one . just getting a large dog leash will not ensure that you get a large handle .
1			i	disappointed	rate	high	it	bad			marley and me life with the world's dumbest population . i m really dissapointed that this made the bestseller li st truly . it's too bad the literacy rate is so high in the american population you all don not deserve it . i suppose the ability to read is not neccessarily an indication of intellectualism . i am disgusted that this innocuous and insubstantial piece of fluff is considered quality literature .
2			thing	big	product	great	gate	great	mechanism	easy	it	easy			awesome gate . awesome gate ! ! i just got an english bulldog and i already had 2 cats . this does exactly what i wanted . keep my dog away from the litter box ! ! only thing you wanna look out for is the cat door is a little big . i tested it and he can go all the way through if he tries hard enough and hes a 55 pound dog so i am just going to take one of the bars in the pet door out to make it a smaller opening . other then that its a great gate . the lock mechanism is easy to manuver , it was very easy to install . great product , i will probably buy another one in the future for another room .
2			places	mysterious	writing	good	gothic	great	people	real			great gothic . loved this gothic tale of an alchemist who invents a way to live for ever , then later realizes it is a curse . lots of dark castles in eastern europe , spain and other mysterious places with references to real people and events from the 16 h to the 18 h centuries . good writing , clever unpredicatble plot .
2			it	compact	battery	extra	i	sorry	unit	ok	unit	great	strap	adjustable	it	nice	it	open	itself	ok			the product review is a lie . there is no adjustable shoulder strap . the unit itself is ok but not great . it's compact and stylish which is nice . the pocket for the extra battery has no padding or anything to hold the battery in so if it gets tipped at all while it's open the battery falls out easily . there is an opening for a belt loop but i m sorry who wears a camera case on a belt loop ? i bought it to have the shoulder strap which is nonexistent . it's nice to have an extra battery but you could do better than this carrying case .
2			regards	best	reference	great			very good for plastic modelists ! this book is a great reference for the plastic models buildings . i recomend ! best regards ,
2			fit	great	sheets	great	room	little			great fit for deep mattress . i ordered these sheets after trying a number of others on our la baby crib mattress and having no luck all had pockets that were too shallow . these sheets not only fit with a little room to spare even after washing / drying , but are soft enough for baby's skin . great sheets for the money ! i ordered two more .
2			musicianship	solid	songs	great	feelings	mixed	track	addictive	it	fun	tyr	enjoyable	y	little	amorphis	old	metal	solid			solid folk metal . i generally have mixed feelings about folk metal . on the one hand , i appreciate the melancholic and dark folk tinged metal stylings of primordial , drudkh , or even agalloch . i also like the more energetic folky metal of old amorphis . but the boppy polka metal of finntroll and others leaves me cold . tyr , however , while being closer to finntroll than primordial , are not only listenable but enjoyable . first of all , it's fun that half their lyrics are in faeroese . second , i like that their song structures are a bit more complex than your standard folk metal band . and third , i like the sung vocald and solid musicianship . sure , the cd gets a little same y after a while , but it does contain some great songs the first track especially is addictive and is a worthwhile purchase for anybody into this subgenre of metal .
2			dogs	large	product	great	size	large	seems	comfortable			dog loves it ! great product ! my 80 lb gsd took to it instantly . seems very comfortable for her and she gets excited to put it on . adjusts well and is the right size for her i got the medium size large wll be for x large dogs , 100 or more lbs . definitely recommended !
1			it	repetitive	nothing	new	music	good	album	worst	songs	ok	weak	weak	they	ok			weak , weak , weak , weak ! i am a manowar fan for more than a decade and this is the worst album to date . it is uninspired and repetitive . valhalla this and valhalla songs that are ok are nothing new . they are ok because they sound exactly like the other last 2 -3 albu ms and this after almost 5 years ! grow up guys and start doing some good music .1 star because this album is a shame !
2			series	next	concepts	awesome			must for a beginner . the way rick presented the concepts is really awesome . i would highly recommend this to each and very one who wants to learn the basics of t sql . i have all the books by joes 2 proes . waiting for next series of dvd's to come out .
2			boyfriend	disappointed no	i	disappointed no	album	great	releases	previous	song	best			limp bizkit rocks . who thought that they would put out an album that rivals all of their previous releases ? i did . my boyfriend and i were not disappointed . the hard hitting getcha groove on is probably their best song ever , not to mention the split personality song rollin . all around great album to just sit back and chill to . although you might be tempted to get out of your seat and jump around
2			ballad	great	song	good	songs	strong	tracks	great	r	old	songs	strong no	songs	enjoyable	point	low	they	good no	way	great	song	worst	songs	good			i like it . the albums starts off very strong . the first 7 tracks are all great , they include the singles karma , you dont know my name , diary & if i aint got you . the album seems to peak after diary because the album hits a low point with dragon days which is the worst song i have heard from her . after dragon days the album starts to sound like any old r&b album with songs like wake up , so simple , & when you really love someone . even though they are good songs they are not as good as the first seven tracks . slow down is a great ballad that stands out . than the album finish off with samsonite man which is just another song to me . nobody not really is a good song and a great way to finish off . in conclusion this album has a lot of strong songs and even the songs that are not as strong are still enjoyable except for dragon days . i would recomend this cd to anyone that like r&b music that has substances .
2			songs	great	album	nice	styles	new	compilation	great	it	great no			could have been better . . well , i have been a beatles fan for 13 years all my life i was brought up on the beatles albums my dad owned and i loved them . i now have nearly all the beatles albums , and this was one that i got last christmas . it was a great compilation of all the best beatles songs , but you get bored of them after a bit , because they are all the songs off the albums , it is a nice album with great songs , but it doesn not really show off all the beatles talents with them trying out new styles of music . so it's not great , but i like it .
2			songs	great	album	live	money	worth	works	good	album	classic	i	bored	works	recent			one of the best live cd's . ministry sound amazing on this cd , if your a fan who has not bought this , get it right now ! actually you do not have to be a ministry fan to buy this , one listen and you will be is worth the money , enjoying their great songs , which are longer than their originals , excellent production , excellent sound al jourgenson sounds amazing , excellent band , excellent music . a classic live album from ministry . their more recent works are as good and also should be bought , sorry must be bought . i love ministry and hope they live forever , otherwise i would be bored with music . thank you .
2			read	great	you	suck	you	right	uncle	great	school	high			you don not want this one to end sucks you right in ! i read this book because jess willard speer , known as tag to all of the family and close friends was my great uncle that always enthralled me when we would sit in family gatherings and listen to his stories of life's experiences . i was overwhelmed at not only how much i found out from a genealogical perspective , that i somehow hadn not known before , but also by the grip this book got on me and my husband as well . we did not want to stop reading it outloud to one another ! my father in law who never had the opportunity to meet any of my family loved the book and also could not put it down like ourselves . i had read the grapes of wrath when in high school years ago it didn not grab me like this one did . a definite must read for anyone who likes history or just likes a great read !
1			it	accessible	wake	accessible	news	bad	it	easy	humor	good			an accessible and compelling wake up call . readers who are fans of bostom , warraq , ye or , spencer , and pines will enjoy this book , and fence sitters waiting to be enlightened will find it more accessible . berlinski makes her points clearly and efficiently , and invites the reader to buy her pitch with good humor and just the right amount of sarcasm . this is a book that has the power to influence a much larger audience than almost any other author trying to give a wake up call to the sleeping giant . you can give this book to those who are not quite convinced yet , and they will be convinced . her voice has that rare power to convey bad news , but make it easy to accept the does she manage to be so wise , so skilled , and yet so young ?
2			printer	great	they	right	price	great			great printer , great price . bought this printer for less than $ 60.00 i was concerned about the paper feeding crooked . i sent an email to lexmark and they replied within 1 said the printer hardware should even this out when printing . they were right . even my labels came out was very easy to install and easy to use .
1			squirellpaw	annoying	warriors	different	prophecy	new	charatcter	main	book	bad	kit	young	book	good			different , but still very good . warriors a new prophecy is very different from the first series but it still is a good book . half of the book doesn not take place in the forest but that doesn not mean the book is bad . it still is in my top ten books i have read . while the third book in the series is still my favorite . this book still competes with it . the book's main charatcter is brambleclaw , tigerclaw's son , firestar had kits , squirellpaw , who is very annoying , and leafpaw , a young kit training to be a medicine cat , if you have read the series buy it , but if you havn not don not buy it and read the first series fir st
2			version	new	title	great			great title with alot of play . someone should run with this and make it a new version . it needs a patch as it sometimes crashes . so save between missions .
1			housewives	real	girl	boring	spinoff	bad	all	suck			girl is boring without her housewives . a very bad spinoff with a very obnoxious woman who never stops talking ever ! loved the real housewives but she is just way too annoying to have her own show its just her rambling and trying to get attention the whole show . all in all this spinoff sucks the real housewives is 100 times better !
2			rd	fantastic	record	outstanding	phil	previous			outstanding record , it rocks . i agree with the previous review phil is the greate st this is a fantastic , romping reco rd i love it . i have given it as gifts and had the response back , best record i have heard in years . the piano reprise to slow dance will make you cry , it's so can really pound it out . and sweetly , quietly make you weep .
2			talk	romantic	talk	sexy	title	great			great title , minimal quality . boy , talk about a misleading book is neither sexy nor romantic , not really bad / awful , just not very good . it's near impossible to even finish it while looking for an interesting story .
2			it	awesome	ish	industrial	rock	regular	cd	best	voices	nice			love celldweller , 1 t time listener . i cannot remember how i stumbled across celldweller in the first place , but man it's awesome ! the self titled cd was their first , and one of their best cd's . in short , i love this band . they are a perfect blend of some of my favorite genres . they have some metal tones , but regular rock , some techno , perhaps some industrial ish , but not vocals that sound like a man just put his throat through a blender , they have very nice voices ! epic band , epic album . give it a listen before you decide anything , but i give them 5 stars !
2			robert	great	i	glad	playing	awesome	vocals	great			wow . robert cray is great ! i knew of his music years ago but just got interested in the blues so i picked up this cd . gosh , am i glad i did . i listen to it all the time and don not get tired of it . cray's vocals are great , the guitar playing awesome , and the bass is always there keeping the rhythm going . don not hesitate to buy this . you won not be disappointed .
1			heater	bad			bad heater . please don not buy this heater . it shut off after 30 seconds and won not turn back on forever . do not recommended .
1			government	bad	government	good	i	classic			classic i . the good and bad about getting what is yours teaching us that government can no longer create these situations weeee .
2			word	specific	amazon	awesome			got to have a work bowl or the food processor is trash . amazon is awesome for finding those vital spare parts to keep your house running . a simple series of choices gets you to the right department and a specific word or two and you have the exact right item . one or two more key strokes and it is on its way ! what is not to like !
1			moments	clear	line	clear	products	worst	channel	open			whatever you do , don not buy this . this has got to be one of the worst products i have ever seen ! i mean , how difficult is it to make a transmitter and a receiver that communicate reliably ? i tried setting the child unit up within a clear line of sight , no more than 15 feet away from the parent unit , and they still couldn not maintain an open channel ! the clear moments were few and faaaar between , most of the time the static was constant even when the volume was on its lowest setting ! with the volume on low , we can not hear our daughter crying and have to wait for her to go nuclear before we can hear it . i can not even use these wasteproducts as bookends or boat anchors , so they go straight in the not buy this !
2			i	satisfied	service	great			good . i am very satisfied with the product , it came in a good time and the customer service provided was great .
2			fields	available no	software	main	system	great	system	electronic	drawback	major	management	financial	steps	extra	it	worth			great electronic file system . although i can not give this product a perfect five star rating , it still is worth the investment . i am impressed with the overall accuracy of the ocr capibility and the flexibility of the filing system . the major drawback for me is the lack of full integration with the newer versions of quicken , which is my main financial management software . it requires several extra steps to transfer all the scanned info and not all the fields that i need in quicken are available in the scan batch . however the ease of use and the fact that receipt , bsn card and other documents can be stored with a compact device on the run compensate for most of the awkwardness .
2			daughter	old	kids	talented	children	small	shows	different	variety	great			a wonderful introduction to broadway for small children ! this is my 3 year old daughter's favorite cd . it has a great variety of songs from different shows . she loves to sing along , and will be able to identfy with the shows as she gets older . the kids are very talented , and most of the songs are easy to sing along with . even i enjoy them as a mom ! its a welcome break from barney and sesame street .
2			it	awesome	i	disappointed	it	available			purple mag 2 d flashlight . i was extremely dissapointed because i ordered a purple mag 2 d flashlight and you sent me a blue one . i still want a purple one if you have any of them . i sent the blue one back and i think you credited my credit ca rd i still want a purple 2 d flashlight and would appreciate your contacting me if it is available . the internet said that it was . i also ordered a purple mag 3 d and i received it and i love it ! ! it is totally awesome ! ! took it on vacation with me in the van and it came in handy more than once ! ! thank you ! thank you ! ! thank you ! ! janet southards
2			potential	enormous	read	great			an interesting idea , but fell short . when i read what this book was about , i knew it was something i had to read . this idea had enormous potential to be a great read , but i felt that the story just fell flat .
2			enhancer	great	i	glad			maggi seasoning . my grandmother taught me to use this when i was much younger . i have never been without it until the restaurant i purchased it from went out of business . i could purchase the 3.38 oz . size from supermarket but was spoiled by the price of larger can use this on anything from soups , what a great enhancer to vegetables and meat . it adds a distinct and wonderful flavor to anything you use it on . it is definitely not like soy sauce . i make a vegetable medley and sprinkle this on to everyone's delight . i am so glad i found maggi seasoning here . i will be purchasing it again soon , i am sure . i may purchase a backup bottle to make sure i never run out to the expiration , i have had bottles for over a year with no change in flavor at all . no ill effects either . it has a very long shelf life . anyone who tries maggi seasoning in a bottle will love it .
2			it	clear	tub	great	leak	huge			it leaks ! this tub was great for the first 5 baths and then it began leaking . since we use the tub on the kitchen counter rather than inside a bath tub , it was clear that we had a huge leak at the bottom where the parts connect .
1			acting	average	everything	bad	graphics	extensive	majority	available	details	technical no	feel	disappointed	things	positive	movies	worst	details	believable no			one of the worst 3 movies released to date . i like 3 and have watched the majority of 3 movies available on bluray . this one is one of the worst released to date . the only positive things i can say is that its computer graphics is well made although it lacks 3 focus , and that the russians are not shown as morons or as enemies . everything else in the movie is bad . the plot is primitive and details are not too believable especially technical details . acting is average at best , if not plain bad . 3 is below average to average , and the worst of all is that extensive computer graphics which the movie is filled with does not take advantage of it . the ending leaves you feel disappointed it feels like the script writer , who did not have too many novel ideas to begin with , completely ran out of them by the end . with all this , you end up with a sub par movie with a lot of graphical violence and noise and very little of anything else .
2			groups	different	scenes	fantastic	line	good			decent . fantastic action scenes . good story line , withthe exception of the mush . two buddies grow up to become pilots in one of our countries darkest periods . depicts the courage of many different groups , nurses , sailors , airmen , pretty well . i especially liked it when doolittle mad his appearance . that guy had a backbone . worth watching many times .
2			it	great	artist	hot	rock	real	john	good	it	cool			if you are a link wray fan ! i just bought this cd and it's really great ! john is still as good as ever and plays his guitar as the hot artist he is . if you get into real rock stuff then dont miss this one ! i saw john play with mick fleetwood and anton fig together on stage and it was really cool . good luck john on this cd and we hope you will do another one soon !
2			choreography	great	acting	predictable	acting	sappy	plot	weak	acting	stupid	jewelry	lovely	decor	lovely	movie	good	clothing	lovely			there are better movies . devdas is a lot like any other indian movie . a farfetched love story , weak plot , and stupid acting . the characters can be clearly defined under a catagory of good or bad . sharukh kahn's acting is predictable and sappy . aishwariya rai's acting seems to lack in depth . as for madhuri , she sticks to her usual routine of smiling and acting innocent . the jewelry , clothing and decor is lovely . however if you notice , in the song dola re dola , the curtains are off center . on the plus side , the songs are absolutly magnificent , with great choreography esp . in dola re dola . if u really want to watch a good indian movie , i suggest hum dil de chuke sanam . it's beginning may be cheesy , but the ending is magnificent .
2			covers	great	core	hard			worth the money for all the cover versions of other people's songs . great buy for all tori hard core fans for all the great covers of other peoples songs ; i especially loved her version of jim croce's operator .
2			book	great			teach yourself perl . i love the structure of this book . this is a great perl book than anything other book that i have been exposed to .
2			story	fantastic	flat	flat	night	good	it	easy	stage	fantastic	expectations	great			flat , flat , flat ! like other reviewers , i had great expectations from this book . not just because it's a grisham work . the first several chapters set the stage for a fantastic , groundbreaking story . the very thought that one couple's idea to go out of town for christmas would cause such a stir is , indeed , the fantastic stage is set , however , everything goes downhill . near the beginning of the story as the adventure begins it's easy to sympathize and empathize with the characters . at the end , frankly , i couldn not wait for them to shut up , celebrate the holiday their own way , and tell their lousy neighbors to butt don not need to have your lawn and house aglow to celebrate the holiday . you don not need a tree in your house . you just need your family . and that's the message i was hoping would be intrinsic to this dog of a book . oh well . merry christmas to all , and to all a good night . ptooey .
1			nature	spiritual	thing	bad	bodies	physical	i	ashamed no			sometimes i wonder . renounce all claims to humanhood and mortality , writes price . care not what is going on in your world . . and return to the father's house where you have belonged ever since you left under the spell of mortality . but we are human . we are mortal . and is that such a bad thing ? what's wrong with being human ? is it some sort of punishment ? i thought it was an honor , a pleasure , a joy to be human . i can understand needing to align our personalities more with our souls or spiritual nature . but to cast aside our personalities , our humanness , our mortality , seems off center to me . i m not ashamed of my humanness why should i renounce my claim to mortality ? who ever said being human is lower than being a spirit ? if so , then why are we in these miraculous physical bodies ? to perform some sort of penance ? that's not my idea of celebrating life as a human in this beautiful world .
2			fiction	little	book	little	book	easy	book	great			freaky friday by mary rogers . this book was a very , well written book . to me it was a book that was easy to read and was a little about everyday life and a little fiction ! it was a this girl name , annabel and her mother , who switch places . meaning , that annabel is inside her mother and her mother is inside of her daughter , annabel . none knows about this because they switch back eventrally ! i would recommend this book to other people because of all the fun i had reading this book . it is a great book which i would like to share with others .
2			method	good	bunch	new	book	technical	deal	great	book	good			a very good book . written with humor , this book made me look differently at the market . this book is pure technical . very good for people that have behavioral problems when it comes to stocks like i used to have . it teaches a method which is good for people who rather have a do or not do instead of think for yourself recipe for only annoying thing is self promotion and a bit of arrogance by the author , but the new bunch of $$$ in my bank account most certainly make up for this another disadvantage is that this book is not up to date . anyway , i still recommend it as it helped my portfolio a great deal .
2			they	painful	shoes	comfortable no	look	great			great look , completely uncomfortable . i bought these and while they look great , they are painful to wear . i thought i just needed to break them in , but after wearing them over the winter , they are still painful to wear . i can only wear them for an hour or two a time . they are too rigid and simply can not be broken in . there is no give at all so i can not lace them up . they actually change the way i walk . if i wanted to wear uncomfortable shoes , i would just wear heels .
2			movie	great	values	great	thing	best			now this is a great vampire movie . about the best thing i can say about this flick is that it is the anti twilight of vampire vamps here are fast , strong , mindless , and totally deadly . no one is going to lip lock one of these blood suckers . great acting and production values makes this the years best horror movie so far .
2			movie	great			great movie ! great movie ! my wife surprised me by giving several of my favorite movies on dvd . quick service , made it just in time for christmas .
2			price	low	price	great	model	basic	display	flat	quality	good			works great , low price . microsoft lifecam 1000 works great , it does rest steady and solidly on my dell ultrasharp 19 flat display . the video quality is good for a basic model . enjoy .
2			connelly	capable	book	next	it	great	i	thin			connelly is capable of better . read michael connelly's the poet and thought it was great , so i was eagerly looking forward to his next book . sorry to say , it has been a disappointment . i really wanted to like this book and that's why i read to about page 75 before throwing in the towel . i found the characters to be uninteresting , the plot thin and my windows needed washing . apparently , my opinion is not that of the majority and that's o . k . but , mr connelly , i m sure you can do better . thanks for trying .
2			marina	clean	felt	adequate	product	necessary	i	new no	deal	great			doesn not suck . it's been a while since i used a gravel washer but i m definitely not new to the hobby . the last product i used created a great deal of suction which i felt was necessary to really get all the excess debris near the bottom of the tank easily . marina's easy clean didn not suck as much . i was disappointed as it didn not give me the same satisfaction of gravel washing . instead , it merely felt adequate as a siphon .
1			top	worst	books	worst			r . i . p . loveless monkey . as the new york times and other prominent publications have noted recently , this awful novel died a quick death , flopping with readers and critics alike , failing at bookstores . i have to say , i read this book and can only agree . it wasn not just one of the worst books i would read in 2004 but in my whole life this is in the worst top 10 see you in the remainder aisles !
1			diet	bad	product	ok	diet	great	effects	negative	substitute	good no	effects	bad			made me feel weird . this product was okay to begin with , but unfortunately when i upped the dosage to 2 per day as recommended i started getting bad side effects . i had chest pains and was still hungry even after taking down the dosage . i am only 22 and have used other diet pills before and never had such negative side effects . definitely not like slim xtreme , that was a great diet bad it was discontinued because this is not a good substitute .
2			hits	great			georges best . with this release , george harrison shows just why his songs were some the best in the beatles sound quality of this cd is great and has many great harrison hits .
2			ms	proble	speakers	great	materials	good	quality	good			good quality . i do not have the most discerning ear inthe world , but these speakers are great and appear to be of good quality materials . i installed them in the ceiling in several rooms throughout my house and in the eves of the roof out back , above my deck . i use them for listening to music or sports broadcasts , so i can move about the house and even outside without missing a call of the ballgame . i have had them installed for over a year now and i have not experienced any proble ms
2			reviews	great	story	good	felt	stupid	seems	impressed	i	stupid no			totally over rated . mr wallace seems more impressed with his own writing than he is with telling a good story . i couldn not make myself finish this book . the reviews of this book were great . it makes me wonder if the reviewers were too embarassed to admit they didn not get it so they went along with everybody else . i m no rocket scientist , but i m not stupid either although i kind of felt stupid because i just didn not get it .
1			purchase	electronic	equipments	electronic	purchase	worst			worst electronic purchase so far . i have been a loyal amazon customer for about 15 years and all these years i had full confidence in their product and what they stand behind . i never had any problem with purchase until now . i had this stereo system for exactly 2 days until it stopped functioning completely . when i turn this system on nothing happens except just turns off by itself . i waited longer for this product to get to my place then to actually use it . absolutely disappointed . from now on , i will go to store directly get electronic equipments instead of ordering online .
2			band	amazing	abilities	musical	words	new	figure	important	songs	fantastic	event	great			another chapter in the legend . how do you find new words to describe the talent that is bruce springsteen ? first let me say that this work ranks among his very best , despite a tendancy to assume greatness cannot follow so long after someone's assumed prime . i find that during these later stages of his career , bruce has just as much to say while his musical abilities have improved . these songs are just fantastic , well crafted , joyous , touching , haunting , fun . the band is amazing , better like fine wine . this is the first cd i have purchased in a long time where i have played it through over and over for 3 weeks without removing it from my player . just a great event in the career of the most important figure in pop / rock music since 1970
2			price	great	amazon	great	i	disappointed	series	great			this is a great series but there was something wrong with the production of the dvds i received . the series is great , amazon is great , the price was great ; however , be forewarned the production of these dvds from a&e ; was very bad . several of the dvds in each season had a glitch , that is , the sound / dialogue didn not match up with the actors speech / movements . it was out of sync . we sent it back for a replacement which amazon was great about , and the same thing happened again but just to the first season of dvds , so it's hit or miss . it's a shame because this was a gift for christmas . by the way , there is nothing wrong with my dvd player . these were the only dvds that this has ever happened to out of all the movies we own . i m really disappointed that a&e ; didn not have quality control on these .
1			vase	stupid	guy	poor	thing	dumb	books	various	catchphrases	constant			by the pink toed prophet . i really didn not like this book . i read alot of the success / motivational type books see my reviews of various brian tracy books , for example but i really had a hard time with this book . the constant character catchphrases see the title of this review , the harrumphs , and i really thought the whole blue vase thing was kind of dumb . why not give the poor guy a test that might actually enhance the company's bottomline , rather than tempt him to break a window in order to steal a stupid blue vase that nobody really wanted in the first place ? why not send him after an impossible to get customer or something ? at least it was better than who moved my cheese ?
2			it	interesting	success	ultimate	you	interested	book	great			great book about the boston mob . if you are interested in the boston mob & the angiulo family , this is the book for you . there is very little out there on the subject and this book gives a compelling view into the workings of the north end mob & the feds attempts , failures , & ultimate success in catching the seemingly unattainable jerry angiulo . it is well written and consistantly interesting & exciting .
1			it	perfect	i	happy	reviews	bad	reviews	good			perfect for our dachshund . there were good & bad reviews of this product , so i was a little wary . but i was really happy with how easy it is to use . it's perfect for our dachshund . i even bought a second one ! very happy with this item .
1			mexicans	good	friends	best	towns	small	anglodom	private	anglophones	nice	amnesia	historical	mexicans	bad			pity me . i read mexifornia soon after it was initially released . my feelings for the author and the book varied from pity to anger . good mexicans are those who attend his classes in the classics . bad mexicans are usually indians from the small towns and others who cling to their heritage and bring it with them . hanson's historical amnesia excludes the fact that california was stolen from mexico in a war of aggression so blatant that us grant quit the army in disgu st dr hanson happily earns a living on this stolen land and resents bad mexicans from invading his private anglodom . no mention of california indians who no longer apparently exi st history is only for nice anglophones in his home town , although some best friends are mexican . no solutions here , just resentment for mexican existence . forget the book .
2			burr	enjoyable	character	strong	sparring	great			an entertaining easy read . i enjoyed this book . the dialog / verbal sparring between the two characters was great . the princess held her own in a variety of interesting circumstances . the story wrapped up a bit too neatly but left several items unsolved . her character was strong , his a bit soft . the bodyguard burr was most enjoyable . i have not read too many pirate novels but i enjoyed this .
2			role	big	bentley	best	novelist	best	offerning	little	novel	grand	books	previous	novel	fantastic			bentley is the best ! stephen king crowned him thus in an entertainment weekly column a few months a follower of little's since day 1 and am glad to see him deliver such a timely on topic novel of horror after his fantastic novel is grand in characters from at least 3 previous books making who is from the summoning gets a pretty big role and we will probably see him soon in another little offerning . terrifying at times , well written and believable is why bentley little is the best horror novelist running right now .
2			movie	best	it	funny	lines	best	casting	great			best cop movie ever . totally the best action movie i have ever seen ! this movie has everything . some of the best lines i have ever heard were in this film . it is funny and action packed as well . it has an excellent plot , and great casting , i don not think that the director could have done a better job . i loved it ! !
2			mic	great			oh yeah . great mic . i love the sound quality that thia mixc gives me . i take it to the other studio that i use
2			condition	new	st	satisfied	service	great			seven brides for seven brothers . i got great service . product was in like new condition as stated and i received the item very fa st very satisfied with my purchase .
2			game	great	expansion	good			good , but . it's a good expansion to a great game , too bad they turned the game into a farming game in order to achieve your ingame goals . epic flying mount farm your butt off , epic gear that you can make yourself such as 3 piece armor sets farm your butt off .
1			quality	poor	recordings	original no			a must to avoid . do not buy this cd ! it is nothing but junk . very poor sound quality on most of the songs and some songs are not the original recordings .
2			music	best	cd	great			mindblowing ! cd 1 is great , but nothing compared to cd 2 tracks 1 and 3 alone make this one of the best music buys you can make this year .
1			books	worst	grisly	extra	mystery	good	reason	good	stars	stars no	son	old			one of the worst books ever . i am astonished at the rave reviews of this book . the writing is what i would expect from my 13 year old son . the dialog as well as all human interaction rings false , the murders extra grisly for no good reason , the pacing of the story and lack of depth to the characters leave me yawning as i struggle through it . i am an avid reader , love a good mystery and have rarely come across a worse book . don not waste your time or money ! if i could give it zero stars , i would .
2			game	great	pack	best	it	great			halo ! ! ! halo is a great game and i love the multiplayer it was great . i like every monster . the best pack you can have the sniper and rocket laucher . if you don not have xbox buy it and get halo before halo 2 comes out . the game has excellent gravics and daserved game of the year .
1			clock	good	audio	bad			good alarm clock , bad audio . the radio / alarm works well as an alarm clock . the beeper mode wakes you up well , and i especially appreciate the remote for snooze in the morning . however , the radio sounds like a 60 s era transistor radio . you can not hook up an antenna to improve fm reception .
2			fan	big	it	great			not as good as hush , but still great ! i am a big fan of both batman and predator , so as soon as i heard about this , i knew i had to get it . and guess what ? it was great ! a bit too bloody for my taste , but still very good ! now , if you will excuse me , i hear purring outside hint , hint . probably just my cat . better go let him in .
2			photos	great			glacier day hikes two thumbs up ! this book was right on the money as far as how to find the trail head , the length and difficulty of a trail and estimated time on the trail . it describes not only the destination , but what you will experience along the way . the photos are great , but don not do justice to actually being there .
2			software	compatible no	device	great			device great but don not buy if you only have macintosh . the device is great , audio quality and features fine , but their proprietary audio format and lack of any macintosh software that can read it is infuriating . fortunately i use boot camp but it is a pain . sony should give you the option to recording uncompressed wav or aif , and not just their lousy msv format . i knew before the purchase that the software they provide was not mac compatible , but didn not know that the audio could not be read by any mac software . sony , get your act together .
2			song	good	song	great	it	great			he wasn not man enough . well tony i thing that this song is very good actually it is great . i like this song because i have just got out of a relationship and the girl is worred about me and she should be worring about he . he's a cheater , lier . but any way great song , can not want for it to come out iam going to buy it thanks keely
1			plot	poor	theif	good no	book	next	it	ok	story	poor	choice	poor			poor word choice poor plot poor story . lightning theif was not as good as my freinds made it out to be and it disapointed me . it was ok with ok imagination but i dont think i will read the next book .
2			emotions	mixed	it	great	artists	original	i	excited			mixed emotions . i was very excited to see all of my favorite titles on a 2 cd set . the music's good , but i thought this was the original artists , and it's not , so beware if your looking for just the music it's great , but if your looking for the original artists it's just not the same .
2			purchase	great	cover	necessary	cover	comfortable no	kitten	old			pet comforter also . i originally bought it for the humans in our family . however , while using it , the cats now older cats discovered that they liked it too . we have a cat with arthritis , and in the early morning cold hours , she will get up to lay on it anywhere i throw it . i also have a 10 month old kitten , who likes trying to lay on all of them all at once . so , sharing issues aside , it is a great purchase for humans and cats . wonderful pain reliever . it comes with a cover , however i would recommend the cover be made out of cotton instead of the airplane pillow cover material that it currently does . you cannot easily clean the pad's material , so a cover is necessary . but the cover provided is not comfortable . perhaps it will be an improvement in future versions . in the meantime , i wish i had put a pillow case over the pads after heating of course , before giving it to the cats .
1			school	private	head	old	he	good	enemy	worst			on the devil's court . my book is called on the devil's author of this book is carl deuker . this book is a cross between fantasy and realistic is a 17 year old red head that is tall and only passion is basketball . his dad is a really smart scienti st joe's dad wants his son to be like him and go to stanford with straight a's but joe doesnt want to . joe moved from boston with a promise from his dad to beable to go to a public school . joe meets some friends like ross , he goes to a public school that joe wants to go to . joe and ross get in a lot of trouble togather and joe gets caught by his parents so they force him to go to a private school . joe wants to fit in so he sells his soul to the devil so he can be good at basketball . his team makes it to the state championship against the public school team who has ross , who had become his worst enemy , on it . i really liked this book . i think it is appropreiate for middle schoolers and up .
1			product	bad			don not bother ordering . the video tape was totally unplayable . voice lagged and was totally distorted in most of movie . played one of my own tapes and it played fine . bad product .
2			chance	complete	sound	great	they	worth	it	free	lyrics	smart	neighbors	new	neighbors	nice	sound	similar	surprise	big			it's worth more than the shirt . they got it in one . the sound that college kids flock toward , and the shirts nail it on the first try . this cd was a big surprise for me . i had never heard of these guys until i saw their album in a christian music store . i took a complete chance on it , but it was okay because it was free , and besides , being a christian band , they are worth at least a listen . what do you know ; the gamble paid off again . these guys have a really great folksy sound similar to that of caedmon's call , and on top of that , their lyrics are really smart and well written . ten shekel shirt isn not really well known , at least for now , but once people start checking them out , i think they will be before long . the standouts on this album for me were the title track much and meet with me . the christian folk set has some nice new neighbors , and hopefully they will stick around for a while .
2			guy	big	it	awesome	overtones	hot	guy	nice			oh yeah a big nice guy in a bubble . i personally thought that he was a hottie except he was in a plot althought i thought it had some really hot overtones which i know stuck in a bubble . wanting to get out . i gave it a 5.0 on a 5 o i said he was a hottie except he was in a bubble . see it is awesome !
1			quality	poor			review . amazon doesnt pay you to write a even a discount . they just fill your inbox with junk expecting you to create content for them and increase their sales . so heres my review . i found this product to be way overpriced and of very poor quality and i found amazon's service to be substandard to the point of abusive .
1			quality	poor	it	worth	price	good			good price , poor quality . i bought this to install as a rear display in my truck . it worked well the first few times used , then would no longer turn on . the quality of this unit is just subpar . it's worth the money to buy a better brand .
2			book	fantastic	way	hard	britches	little			wonderful for the whole family . little britches is a fantastic book . it takes the reader back to early 1900 colorado and a family who loved each other and worked very hard as they struggle to build their ranch . this is the first book in a series and once you start reading you won not want to stop . ralph little britches learns a lot of life's lessons the hard way . his father's parenting skills gently lead ralph to make the right choices . there are horses , cowboys , and a water rights fued that provide excitement as well as many warm family moments .
2			book	good	potions	magical	book	great	jin	interested			harry potter and the sorcerer's stone . great book ! well novel that combines magical potions ans spells with courage , locality , and mystery . would tot r ally recommend to anyone i . interested jin reading a good book
1			seem	long	mouth	bad	flick	good	movie	good	mind	open			actually good horror movie that will make you jump . this remake of halloween by rob zombie actually is a good horror flick . it made me jump in a couple of scenes . for all that bad mouth it yes its a remake hollywood sometimes runs out of ideas . though if you keep an open mind then you might end up liking the movie . as for myself i enjoy the movie just seem a little long . i thought maybe should have been maybe an hour and half not the two hours it ended up being . but i will try seeing the sequal and then make up my mind about whole remakes zombie is doing . but if you love your horror movies and have an open mind to possiblity have liking this movie then watch it and see if you end up enjoying it . most of my horror movies i have just for the blood and gore not for the plot lines .
2			ique	old	lease	new	it	great			garmin battery . it was great that product came with a torx screwdriver , saved me trouble going out to buy one . gave my creaky old ique 3600 a new lease on life . used for 2 days so far & 2 charges , no problems to report yet .
2			partnership	great	brother	big			who ordered steak ? this is jerry lewis memoir of his partnership with dean martin . the subtitle is a love story , and jerry did love dean like the big brother he never had . they had a great partnership for nine years , and then a miserable final year before they split . jerry is honest about their highs and lows in this entertaining memoir . if you are a martin and lewis fan , you should read this book .
1			i	wrong	it	wonderful	choice	poor			poor choice . this item purchase is one that i truly regret . my daughter recently took an interest in poe's works and i thought it would be wonderful to be able to give her a copy of the classics . boy , was i wrong ! this is a very misleading product description . not even poe ? terrible ! i would not recommend this product to anyone !
1			light	terrible	print	light	store	big	price	low	quality	poor	it	worth no			poor quality . i know the price is super low , but it's not worth the few dollars i paid for the cartridge . the print quality is terrible very light and most of the pages have portions that are not even legible the print is so light . it is not worth the expense to return these , but i will try to recycle them with a big box office supply store and at least get some kind of store credit to recoup at least some of what i paid for these cartridges .
2			issues	extra	magazine	great	service	horrible	issues	free	issue	new	issues	various	it	easy			great magazine , horrible service . lets start by saying i love cooking and i love food . so it should be a win ? well , if the magazine ever actually came it might be . the first year i had a subscription only one issue didn not show . that was ok . the second year ? well i have now gotten 2 issues in 8 months ! ! where are the rest ? it's easy to contact saveur but its hard to get an actual response ! after complaining the first time about various issues they apologized profusely and offered free extra issues an extended subscription fine with me . but then i haven not gotten a new issue since ! i contacted saveur and they said they ran out of issues ! don not bother with a subscription , or with the magazine , because they probably won not bother to send it to you anyway !
2			ballads	traditional	sampler	good	musicians	new	i	pleased	way	great	songs	new			good scottish music sampler . i bought this cd on a trip to scotland in 2006 and i was pleased by the mix of music on there . only two songs that are totally bagpipes and since they are the first and last song i usually skip over them ! the rest are a selection from this company's back catalogue , so it's a great way to be introduced to new musicians , and get a taste of their music . there are traditional scottish ballads , new songs about bonnie prince chaerly , and some live tracks by the corries that will make you want to sing along .
2			type	wrong	quality	great	me	wrong	copy	extra	quality	nice			not quite what i was looking for . the quality of pictures are great . dont get me wrong . it's the style of poses that has me trying to sell my extra copy . i wanted a monthly viewing of fine men but not in this manner . the poses are more for the views of another man . not woman . plus a lot of the men are not at all enticing . but , the quality of photography was nice . i just purchased the wrong type of calendar
1			idea	good	design	poor			good idea , poor design . first , these did not fit any of the radiators we have in our house . the containers have to fit snugly to your radiators otherwise the water in them will never get hot enough to add moisture in the roo ms second , the radiators don not stay hot for long enough typically 1 -2 rs when the heat comes on . since these are made of plastic material i think the heat does not get conducted fast enough to vaporize any of the water in them . bottom line save your money and get a vornado humidifier or something .
2			wink	little	fun	great	matter	superb			quirky fun . come on , people , you are all taking this much too seriously . this show is pure entertainment and the inconsistencies are part of its charm . linney is superb and the one liners hilarious no matter who utters them . can we not simply watch a show for pure entertainment ? does every little wink , nod , snort and comment have to be over analyzed ? i find this series great fun and eagerly await every episode !
1			performance	poor	workmanship	low	unit	solid			very low quality workmanship . i wish i could give this no stars at unit failed after just one month of service . shipping back to the reseller was not an option because of the lack of feedback from the reseller in the first place . investigating this unit myself , i found that the wireless card was not plugged in properly ! i know it didn not shake loose , because it was actually secured with double sided tape ! that means it left the factory improperly assembled ! after reseating the card , it seems to be working so far . only time will tell . i am not buying anything else linksys . if it fails again , it will be replaced with an apple airport extreme base station . update after two more weeks of poor performance from this unit , it was replaced by a used apple airport extreme base station . the apple unit has been rock solid , requiring no further interaction it just works . i recommend not buying this unit at all . get the apple airport extreme instead .
2			way	easy	product	great	way	effective			the easy way to get your dog to take a pill . we are working on our 3 d container of flavor doh . my dog loves the liver flavor better than the chicken and since she's 13 i m not going to argue . i need to get her pills into her however i can . this is an easy , cost effective way compared to pill pockets to get her to think she's getting a treat . i found that the doh does dry out a little by the time you get to the bottom of the container . otherwise , it's a great product .
2			improvment	great			realy great improvment . easy to use , no error codes all the time . contour cuff is much easer to wrap than other models . i will not mention other brand , but to say this is a much better unit .
2			storyline	recent	artwork	great	story	great	bit	little	stories	classic	it	hard			a great story with a lot going on . this is one of the classic stories about the dc universe . many of the things found in the crisis will come back around again when reading the recent infinite crisis storyline . while it is a little bit hard to follow and requires a lot of thinking as you read due to the tons of characters and action , coie is an awesome story with great artwork . it is highly recommended for anyone who is a fan of dc .
2			service	great	deal	good	price	good			very good deal . looking for this for a long time and was able to get on an mp 3 download at a good price . thanks again for the great service !
2			value	good	movie	fantastic			good value for money and quick delivery . g . it was a very quick delivery within two weeks and very cheap for two dvd's . fantastic movie .
1			babies	big	harlow	little	looks	delicious	feel	safe	felina	poor	feel	comfortable	felina	old			holding baby is a little shady . online this bra looks delicious ! i mean it holds the babies in while looking nice and fashionable . the problem ? i think my babies were a little too big . a little too much for poor old felina harlow unlined demi bra . they , i , didn not feel comfortable , nor safe walking or playing around in it . i think this bra is best designed for smaller babies , cause holding my babies was a bit little shady with the felina lady ! you dig ?
2			standbys	old	site	great	collection	nice			an excellent book for the intermediate or advaced fly tyer . a nice collection of west coast and alaska fly patterns , including many old standbys from the east coa st materials needed to tye are suggested , but no details on how to tye the book is put out by the alaska flyfishers club which has a great web site all about fishing in any part of alaska and doc
1			definition	poor	one	disappointed			poor definition . one would expect better detail in the images but is naturally disappointed . so get a dvd instead . this is a waste of money .
2			price	great	shipping	free	price	exceptional			excellent tool at an exceptional price ! this book has it all ! motivation , weightloss tips , how to become a runner and stay injury free ! i bought this as i do almost all of my books from amazon . the great price , fast & often free shipping makes it a no brainer !
2			songs	great	caracters	fantastic	picture	best	animation	great			the best picture since grease . the first i heard about this movie , it was at my house but i only heard the soundtrack and i loved it and i couldnt wait to see the movie . well its been 7 years and i still watch it every day iknow all the lirycs and the dialog , its agreat movie the songs are great the animation is great and the caracters are fantastic . thankyou guys for putting this picture . by the way my birthday is in halloween
1			keyboard	worst			worst keyboard on market . i recently installed several keyboards for a client . they didn not but two weeks with problems strongly recommend not to buy .
1			songs	old	deal	bad	cd	entire			bad deal . 20 minute interview and 2 old songs from country crossroads , not worth the time and surely should not be called a dvd , you would expect the entire cd on dvd not just 2 songs recorded from a tv show right ?
2			they	great	product	great			lid . the lid doesn not screw on very well . it's poorly made . if they could just come up with a better lid , this would be a great product . i have several other foogoo products and they are great .
1			games	boring	games	stupid	disappointment	worst	rest	bad			worst disappointment ever ! what they have done to the lsl line is a travesty . there is no adventure , no strategy , just mind numbing mini games that larry must play . the mini games are boring and stupid . the games on my cell phone are better than these . one of the games involves pressing the arrow keypad in the correct sequence over and over . eg the computer will tell you to press up , down , left right , left , up , left , down , right very fa st you must get the sequence right , and then copy several more sequences . remember my simon ? it's like that . the rest of the mini games are equally bad . avoid this game at all costs !
2			book	great			great ! as a teenager , i used to think as the author suggests , but as i grew older , the world got its way with me . then i read this book in my late twenties and i regressed to my teenage way of 's a great book that helped me begin to understand how different i am from women . how i ought to treat the ladies , especially the one i would like to marry . i recommended this book to my younger cousins and they liked it !
2			product	great			excellent value for a great product . i was able to save a few dollars purchasing this product from this vendor . i received the product quickly and i would order from this vendor again without hesitation .
2			it	right	thing	best	albums	best	instance	significant	songwriting	great			the best thing that ever happened to pop rock . finally someone got it right ; blending virtuosity with great songwriting and making it work in a poppy and marketable format . i honestly can not think of one significant instance of this phenomenon since the 80 s . congratulations to bumblefoot . hopefully one day they will market this well enough to be as popular and timeless as it deserves to one thing is for sure , this is one of the best albums i have ever heard , period .
2			movie	great	features	great	i	happy			omg ! ! yes . i was so happy when they announced a re release for this dvd . i was happy for many reasons .1 a great movie , disney / pixars 1 t moive 2 i didn not get a chance to buy the 1 t release , or the box set 3 has lots of great features ! ! 4 it will be a two disc ! ! let's hope rumors are ture that they are going to re release toy story 2 by the end of the year . i will also be buying that ! ! can not wait till september 6 !
1			up	big	sister	interesting	stories	interesting	one	worst	style	old	characters	major			i don not get it ! i have read all of judith mcnaughts books , and i have to say this has got to be the worst one . usually there is a big build up and anticipation of the two lovers getting together . that is missing here . all of the characters are underdeveloped and i didn not really get why sloan was so attracted to noah , and the story of paris and paul is never gone into in detail so how did their relationship develop ? to me noah's sister courtney is more interesting than most of the major characters . i hope in the future judith mcnaught returns to her old writing style . i m sure some of the characters from this book will be the focus of other books , so lets hope their stories are more interesting than sloan and noah's ! but if it's a quick read you are after this one is it .
2			combination	great	addition	fabulous	reader	great			excellent children's poetry with beautiful illustrations . this book makes a fabulous addition to any children'slibrary ages 3 -8 my daugthers , 4 and 7 love the detailedbeautiful illustations and the poems that walk through theseasons . a great combination of picture book for theyoungest and a great first reader for the older set .
2			deaver	great	detail	technical			fantastic . jeffery deaver is great ! jeffery deaver has once again created a page turner with the coffin dancer . i hope he is well on his way with a third in the series featuring lincoln rhyne . technical detail coupled with emotion made me not want to put it down . thank you , mr deaver !
1			tracks	bad no	guitar	bad	andy	instrumental	andy	bad	album	worth			not one of his best , but worth getting anyway . for me this album was worth getting for the instrumental andy's bad . there aren not any bad tracks here , but the slide guitar on andy's bad is played with such feeling and emotion it almost sounds like he's speaking to the listener . it's a poignant track , although i m sure he didn not know he would be dead within a year .
2			it	perfect	waffles	great	space	limited			great waffles , stores easy ! you can not beat this waffle iron for the price . it makes really great waffles , and stores in the space of a cereal box . sometimes we eat waffles several times a week and sometimes only once a month . didn not want to spend a fortune or have something that took up limited cabinet space . this fit the bill . in a perfect world it would make a sound when the waffle was done , and give you options for for lighter and darker . but like i said for the price it's perfect for our needs . we like bob's red mill waffle mix the best !
2			info	good	rd	little	band	great			good info on a great band . the information in the book was an insightful look at the band . however , the author's mixing in of his own experiences with the band was a little wei rd
2			struggle	great	picture	broad	europe	central	stars	necessary no	novels	classic	day	modern			one wo rd scope . i absolutely loved this book . phillips wrote an amazing debut novel of a modern day lost generation . the characters of prague hint of the same overtones of searching and self absorbedness those of as classic jazz age novels of hemmingway and fitzgeraled . the book is set in budapest in the early 90 s , after the great struggle and triumph against communism . phillip hints at and guides the reader to seeing that this book could be set in any western european city after the first world warphillips has the ability to paint a very broad picture in the relatively simple , yet elegant storyline of journalist john price's search for a sense of self and his place in the world in post communist central europe . the only thing that prevents me from given this book 5 stars is prose which wanders and is not always necessary and really slow the book down .
2			album	great	stuff	great			this one started it all ! this was lee roy's first album on arista . before all the hits what kind of fool do you think i am , holding my own , on the road , heart's desire , etc , etc it's got some great stuff on it . the horns , the diversity , lee roy's soulful from the gut delivery . it's a great album , and even after 16 years of fan dom , still spends regular time in my car's cd player . even though red hot nearly cost me some hefty speeding fines ! check it out .
2			website	great	system	simple	it	easy	customer	happy			one very happy customer ! i have been looking for this movie for at least a couple of years , and i finally found it on what a great website ! it was easy to navigate , the checkout system was very simple , i was kept well informed of what was happening with my product i live in australia , so it took a couple of weeks , and the movie was even delivered before the expected delivery date . i would have no hesitation in using again thanks team !
2			values	high	writing	solid	it	great			masterful and entertaining . what happened after ? that is the question that joe goyette , mike disa , and film roman answer . the year 2059 sees the loss of contact with earth , and isaac clarke by the ship usg ishimura . only four survivors of the usg o bannon can help investigators piece together what happened , and result is a splendid animated film that hits the highs and is voice by christopher judge , peter woodward , graham mctavish , ricardo chavira , and gwendoline yeo . high production values and solid writing make this a must view . i loved the film , it is great as a stand alone product , but even better with the game to fall back on .
1			looks	nice	weight	fine	aroundchildren	bad			lint . this product looks nice , the weight is fine but it lints so bad you can not use it aroundchildren , pets . i fact i m sorry i even bought this the say about thereproduct is a joke .
1			product	little	tikes	little	item	worst	item	little	one	new			i can not believe this is a little tikes product . this is the worst little tikes item i have ever purchased . i don not care if it only cost $ 30 with a name like little tikes you expect a lot better quality than this . we own many , many other tikes product and were sorely disappointed by the cheap construction . the mic handle broke the very first time my son touched it . do you know how frustrating a broken toy is on christmas morning ? try explaining to your child that you have to go back to get a new one .
2			playability	amazing	playability	great	obi	old	lovers	true	tribute	true	game	great			a true tribute to the movie & star wars in general . the playability of this game is amazing . the duels truly and the player control during , truly captures the essence of fighting as a jedi in virtual reality . you can force throw objects at opponents then block their attacks , and then quickly strike . it truly gives the player the oppurtunity to be part of the movie's action . you can tell that true lovers of star wars made the game from its great playability for one , but also by giving us fants the ability to play as obi wan versus anakin in epi . iii , then as darth vader vs . old obi wan in the death star from epi . iv . great game and a definite interactive collectible for any star wars fan ! !
2			reference	great	books	informative	information	advanced	information	basic	book	great			great book . i loved my book so much i ordered my mother one . all vitamin books are informative . this one is informative up to date gives advice and has a wealth of information . it gives everything you need to know about most vitamins and supplements . some amazing facts and well thought out and written well and broken down for basic and advanced information . its just a great book ! it also has suggestions for hair skin and nails and pretty much every body part inside and out . it has alot of q&a and alot of myth busters . just a really great reference book . you really have to read many vitamin books and research many studies and plan your vitamins and supplements according to your diet weight and age and lifestyle . never just listen to one doctor or one book . take the time to research it all and come up with a plan that works for you . alot of supplements mentioned in this book for weight loss i have tried and lost 25 bs , by doing nothing !
1			looked	interesting	characters	strong	ny	central	felt	bad	father	funny	father	interesting	deed	good	anyone	willing	book	good			mother daughter book club @ edmeston central school ny . the purpose of this club is to read books with strong female characters and saffy's angel immediately caught our attention . it looked interesting and filled with suspense and adventure . our favorite character overall in this book was indigo . sarah's father was extremely funny and interesting . the way that sarah hid saffy and allowed her to come with her without her parent's permission was kind and a good deed from a close friend . bill was a rude , obnoctious father that didn not really care and didn not seem to know anything about his family and children , adopted or not . saffy's aunt was almost the same as bill . but she wasn not mean or obnoctious . she just spent all of her time in the shed , painting . indigo had to make dinner and everything . we felt bad for the kids who didnt really have a parent to fall back would recommend this book 10 -14 year olds to about anyone who is willing to read a good book and get a life lesson
2			game	great	gobblers	happy	price	great			goblets a great game ! this is a beautiful game that involves lots of strategy . we have one at home and i purchased this one as a gift for my nephews . the price here was great , so we are all happy gobblers !
2			drama	new	job	great	drama	best			love love love . love this show ! ! this is the best new comedy / drama that has come out in a very long time . i know so many people just like carlene . i looked forward to sunday night every week . the show has a stellar cast and kristen chenoweth does a great job in her roll as carlene . i am so sad the show has been cancelled . i was really looking forward to see how things played out between amanda , pastor tudor and luke . now i will never know , i can only watch season one over and over .
1			areas	different	problem	bad	solution	good			x mat review . this is a good solution for a bad dog problem . i can move these around to different areas that my male dog is urinating . he has learned it is not his friend and will stay away from it . you can just pick them up and store them when they are not needed .
2			writer	great	collection	weak	it	annoying			each story seems unfinished . michael chabon is a very talented author , but you don not get the impression by reading this weak collection of stories . each story is written with no apparent finale . when it does have an ending , it tends to baffle the reader rather than offer closure . i especially disliked the title story where the first person narrator is omniscient only half the time . it's more annoying than innovative . it seems that chabon didn not have enough materials to write a novel , and thought , why not write a bunch of stories with disputable continuity and call them vignettes ? i suggest that you skip this book , or you will be thinking less of a great writer .
1			thing	bad	product	expensive no	you	suck			works as intended . if you are suck with more input devices than your tv can take , this is a decent solution . the one bad thing about this product was revealed when disconnecting component cables . the metal sleeves on the rca jacks slid off with the cable . it was easily remedied . but speaks to the lack of build quality in what is an inexpensive product . this doe snot change the functionality of the device .
2			story	great	effects	special	respect	new	he	great	ending	happy	performance	great	movie	powerful			great performance , great human story . i found this to be a very powerful movie . some of the reviewers didn not like the fact that there was no happy ending , but i for one loved the ending . it lets the audience draw its own conclusion , which i hanks performance is amazing , and in a role where the lead actor must carry the movie for an hour while only talking to a volleyball , he is great . i also like this movie for the way the special effects are used . watch the extras on the second dvd to find out . i prefer special effects that help tell the story , such as this or something like terminator 2 where the menace of the t -1000 needs the special effects to come to fruition . it clearly shows up movies such as the phantom menace , where the special effects are the story . and they made for a bad in all , watch the movie , then watch the extras , then watch the movie again . it will give new respect to the words movie magic .
2			movie	great	i	disappointed	effects	special	movie	disappointing			disappointing . if you have been spoiled by hollywood's special effects then this movie will be especially disappointing concerning that department . i found the acting to be adequate . i expected a lot more , unfortunately i m not a fan of christian movies since they don not necessarily have the money to make spectacular movies . so i was disappointed , even though i m a christian myself . i think that they should have waited to make this movie until they have raised more than enough money . after all you can not make a great movie if the resources aren not there . the movie just doesn not match the essence in the series . i like the audio cd series much better .
2			family	entire	griddle	great			great griddle . perfect for those mornings when the entire family is here . can put out eggs & pancakes so quickly . love it !
2			book	great	methodology	practical			a how to actually do it book . i have read many books that discuss the benefits of developing a relationship with your inner child . this book offers you an actual method that you can put to use every day for doing just that . i have been using dr pollard's technique of thirty minute sessions every day for nearly two years and have found it to be a very rewarding adventure . i promise you that it has changed my life in many ways . a great book and a very practical methodology for getting to know and understand and listen to your inner child .
2			song	fun	single	great	debut	annoying			buy the single , not the whole cd . when i first heard this , i thought it was from daft punk . it certainly sounds like something from their album , discovery . that said , this song is so much fun ! it totally reminds me of the early 80 for some reason the show moonlighting pops into my head whenever i hear it . but be warned their self titled debut is pretty annoying . if you like this type of 70 -80 infused dance music , then i highly , highly suggest discovery by daft punk , along with this great single .
2			it	scary	game	hard	graphics	great	they	annoying	it	hard no	menageri	magical	it	hard			harry potter and the chamber of secrets on ps 2 . harry poter and the chamber of secrets is a hard but fun game . once you beat a level it is very hard to stop . there was one level i enjoy very much . to get ginny's brass scales in the magical menageri . it is hard and scary . it is not that hard now , but i love it . i love that part . somethings i don not like about the game is 1 hermiones favors . if she knows were the stuff is , can not she get it herself ? 2 the prefects . they are very annoying . when they find you and blow you up . then they shake their fingers at you . sometimes they don not even look at you . they walk to you then turn away . i dont like it . anyways , the graphics of this game and ps 2 are great !
2			product	great			great product . by ordering genuine hp product i didn not hear any complaints from the person that it was for so will buy more when needed .
2			picture	great			the singing nun . great picture , gives me a sensation of times gone by . debbie reynolds does an excellent job . what happened to movies like this ?
1			movie	best	effects	special	it	good	shahrukh	good	reviews	bad			ra one . this is the best shahrukh khan movie i have ever seen . i had to watch this movie 2 times because it was soooooo good . the special effects are out of this world and something i have never seen in a bollywood film before . this film has gotten so many bad reviews by the critics and i don not understand why because it is the first sci fi bollywod film . i believe shahrukh khan has made a movie that will start a trend of more sci fi films in the bollywood industry . this movie was history in the making . good for you shahrukh !
2			product	great			great product for the $$ . i have now purchased two of the carts . one for the planer and another for my sander . they move pretty easy , and simple to assemble . the locking wheel / lift shoule be on the two front wheels instead . either the pedal sticks out too far on the outside of frame or too far inside to be usefull when shelf is installed . overall . i would get another if i needed to mount another tool .
2			gift	great	service	great			great gift . my daughter ordered these slippers for her aunt . she wanted the blue ones , but was only able to select the purple ones . no matter as her aunt really liked the slippers . her feet just seem to sink down into them , and they are quite comfy . the order arrived in plenty of time for christmas too , even though we ordered them online less than a week and a half before christmas . thanks for the great service !
2			music	greatest	coast	clear	album	incredible	album	new	guys	good	they	great			cotton . so you like wilco ? me too . they are great . if you aren not familiar with poco yet , listen to them . they are wilco's heroes . they should be yours too . not forget to buy the incredible new album by guitar hero with that deep dark voice poco front man paul cotton ; buy his latest when the coast is clear on his and you will have another album full of the greatest music . let's hear it for the good guys !
2			composer	great	spock	previous	moment	good			more like christian themed orchastrations then prog ! i bought this cd based on mike portnoy's praise of it on the dream theater web site . what a mistake . this should ahve beened release on a christian label instead of metal blade . i have listened to it at least 20 times and i just cannot get into it . very nice orchastrations if you like that , but this is definitively not progressive rock ! the lyrics are way to personnal for prog . neil morse should have written a autobiography book instead of recording is 1 s got a few good moment at the start but then mor songs are inserted between prog tracks . disc 2 is all mor . morse is a great composer and musician check out any previous spock's beard or transatlantic release . this is evident here also but not in a progressive way . this set is multi layered orchastrations molded around the christian lyrics . the music never leads the you want progressive rock , do not buy this set .
2			buy	great	storage	little	i	happy	deal	big	it	sturdy	i	negative			pretty darn good . i bought this bag , and i m very happy . i have traveled with it , and i use it almost everyday . it is sturdy , and cushions my macbook nicely . it has plenty of room and little storage areas to keep any of the accessories that you might bring along . the only negative i have with the bag , and i m sure this will probably go away eventually , is the lining rubs off on the contents of the bag . some of my things that i have put in the bag have come out with a red fuzz on it . annoying but no big deal . i think wiping it down with a wet cloth when you get it might fix it . this bag is better than most of the other bags i have seen or tried , and when you compare the fact that it is cheeper than most of those other bags i think that this one is a great buy .
2			call	usual no	line	great	excited	happy			happy , angry , sad , excited , and fear is how i felt reading . i do not read too many books . the books that i do read really have to keep my attention . this book did it . i went through every emotion that the human race can possibly imagine . this book surely gets two thumbs up . i have been in the medical field for about 8 years , two of those years as a paramedic . reading this book helps me not to be so shocked when i get an unusual call . bottom line , this books was great .
2			way	easy	she	great	find	great	it	fun	extras	great	workout	safe			a great find ! i just bought the fit mama dvd by leisa hart and it was a great find ! i am in my first trimester of pregnancy and i was having a hard time finding a workout that didn not have me over exert myself . i was looking for a safe and up to date prenatal workout . what i like so much about this dvd is that it's fun to do , an easy way to stay in shape , and it's so relaxing . i really like that in the dvd leisa is pregnant , not just acting . she is great to listen to while you work out as well . many of the other instructors are just annoying , but not leisa . the dvd comes with some really great extras for helping you stretch your body and strengthen as well to help you when you are in labor . it's a great find that i reccomend to anyone of all fitness levels . i was used to working out five days a week before i became pregnant and now i can work out still with this dvd but not put myself or the baby at risk . if you get just one workout tape for your pregnance get this one .
2			questions	simple	lake	great	ones	social	edition	cool	grades	specific	flipcards	little			turbo twist brain quest edition is cool ! i got this toy only a couple of months ago for my birthday along with the 5 h and 6 h grade cartridge and find much of its content challenging . some questions are simple , like in what state is the great salt lake located ? but others are more complex , like some english and social studies ones . i haven not tried it without the cartridge yet , though . this toy is based on the little brain quest flipcards for specific grades . if your child is a fan of those , and likes turbo twists , then i think that this is the toy for you !
2			episode	next	production	great			downton abbey seasons 1 & 2 . a great production with minimum violence you couldn not have war scenes otherwise . we couldn not wait to see the next episode . looking forward to starting season 3
2			acting	believable	piece	little	job	great	collection	tremendous			better than the originals and they where great ! ! ! ! ! these two films the phantom menace and attack of the clones are classics in the making . the effects are ground breaking in both and the acting is believable also . they do a great job building up whats going to happen in episode 3 aswell . rob lucas youre a genius im my mind you did it once and youre doing it agian . these are the kinds of sci fi movies you can watch over and over agian and not get tierd off . so people dont miss you chance to get two classics in 1 tremendous collection . do watch the first three first to get an idea of what each little piece is getting at though .
1			acting	bad	effects	special			unseen script . battlestar galactica's richard hatch has aged 's all i can say . his acting in this is so bad , it looks like he had constipation the whole time he's on screen . the special effects are cartoon worthy , circa 1979 the script , what little there is , derives all its horror from countless b movies of the 50 and 60 without the flair and charm they is really a pretty lame flick !
2			augustine	spiritual	augustine	great			augustine is great ! saint augustine is spiritual , philosophical and always profound . warning likely to blow your mind .
2			lists	great			food for thought . really enjoyed this book . well written and great lists you can add to yourself . didn not think it was over the top . but encouraging the reader to have more forward thinking in planning for contingencies .
1			voice	bad	musical	horrible	music	original no	theater	musical	option	available	recording	horrible			horrible musical , horrible recording . heather hedley's non musical theater voice is bad here as in all her other recordings , and the voices of the other cast members don not make up for it . the unoriginal music will annoy you , the lyrics torture you , and you will want to throw this in the trash after listening to the first few songs . i would give this a zero rating if that option was available . don not bother planning to see this and don not waste your money on the recording .
2			they	fun	muscles	important	tapes	great			love these sisters . great exercise tapes for someone who doesn not like to exercise and loves to belly dance . tones important muscles used in dance . these are not belly dancing but you do refine some movements . more like drills . and learn some hand techniques . they are fun and fa st the fat burner one was too much bouncing for me . i need aerobic without impact . 30 minute of pleasure . i like to use these and have all their tapes .
2			company	reliable	product	great			miss 1 . great product from reliable company . i would recommend their service in the future to any one looking to purchase garage door opener .
2			product	great	steam	strong	thing	careful			decent product for price . pretty decent product . easy to put together and use . the steam is strong and comes out fa st the only thing to remember is to be careful not to push down on the handle while steaming because the bristles can melt . otherwise , great product for the price !
1			tips	decent	ms	proble	content	good	character	stupid	style	bad			good content , bad style . the tips given are pretty decent , although i didn not care for the writing style with its 'stupid guy character . i could not access the web site even after installing a bunch of plugins , and received no response after reporting my proble ms
1			quality	poor	it	worth no			poor quality . this printer is very cheaply made . after only a month , the snaps that keep the back door attached broke and since the rollers are attached to this piece , the printer could not print straight . i had to use duct tape to keep the thing together . it is poorly made and not worth the money . don not waste your money on this printer .
2			tools	great	it	wonderful	you	pleased			great tools . i have been a fan of belleruth relaxation products since my first on cassette tape . i feel that she is one of the best and i have been to an all day presentation that she did and found it remarkably wonderful . you will definitely be very pleased and she is the only one that encourages the body's cells to communicate with each other which is important for all the cells in your body . so do not hesitate to purchase her products you will never regret it i keep one in the clock radio bedside on continuous and it goes all night . i also have them loaded on my laptop so if i am out of own i have them to listen to on the airplane or in the hotel room .
2			one	good	movie	good	one	great			great one for halloween night . i had just watched this movie last night and it was a good ghost movie some parts were a little creepy . definately a good one for a turn out the lights and grab some popcorn on halloween night not a good one for the children has a couple of nude scenes in it .
2			setting	manual	camera	tiny	you	big	close	good	something	tiny	camera	great	part	good	camera	good	pictures	good			really good tiny camera . honestly , i bought this camera in good part just because i wanted something tiny that would fit into my purse when i went out at night . if you are big in photography i m sure you would be frustrated with it , but for the rest of us , it has enough preset settings to take good pictures , just enough control in the manual setting , and is really easy to figure out how to change settings . the zoom isn not super , but it's a great camera for snapping pictures of friends and family and for landscape shots , and i have gotten a few good close up shots too .
1			day	bad	he	good	bond	best			octopussy . i m a bond fan from 1964 even on a bad day , he's good . roger moore was the best bond of his day . i liked him from his days playing the saint .
2			movie	fantastic			awesome . this movie is fantastic . stanley kubrick is a genius . since i bought i have watched this movie at least 10 times .
2			place	good	job	great	way	new			deeper than it seems at first . this movie has a deeper message than it first see ms what if someone did attack us ? in a new , unforeseeable way . it happened ! and i think the writer of this movie constructed an incredibly intelligent plot . being the daughter of the navy , i watched for authenticity . rob schneider captured the nerves of an officer trying to get ahead under very trying curcumstances , with disastrous results for him ! everyone gives their all in this ensemble performance . the close knit life below the surface comes across . my husband puts this in the player every time he comes home stressed he just relaxes and we laugh at the same scenes over and really did a great job with this movie . it does homage to the other submarine movies of a more serious tone like the enemy below and to light hearted fare like operation petticoat . it came from a good place . it has a lot of heart .
2			it	perfect	guage	great	sound	nice	system	small	guage	powerful	kit	great	power	good			good power . this is a great kit for some one not looking for alot of power . it perfect for me in my 1997 civic . i install it and i m running one 12 polk audio sub in a box and it sounds great . it give enough juice to power up the amp . . most vehicle , if you ever paid attention and see there head ligts dimming out flickering while they have there system turn up , it beacuse they dont have a powerful guage install . if you looking for a nice sound and you have a small system you want to install a 8 guage wire but if your running anything like 2 10 , 12 , 15 i think 0 -6 guage will be great . thicker wire all around means a better sound putting in .
2			clothing	strong	clothing	great	racks	great			great strong clothing rack , easily assembled or stored . i have bought two of these great clothing racks ! i have found them to be very strong , easy to assemble and take down , and move around .
2			amp	great	price	great	halls	small	tone	good			great price . good tone and great amp for the money . the radio shack equivalent was very tinny . this one sounds real good . great for small halls .
2			history	short	design	great			great design . built for a dollar store . i chose this light / sound machine for its unique player built right in ! i m sure that's what gets most shoppers to choose this over other devices . don not make that mistake . here's the short history of my zen master sure to make the most highly evolved soul fly into a fit of rage 1 lid falls off very hard to reattach . 2 light glasses stop working suddenly . 3 after forgetting about the device past warranty , i dig it out to at least make use of the c . d . player function . even the cleanest cds start skipping or stop playing completely . 4 come home from work to find that the adapter has heated the device to the point that it makes me wonder if it could actually start a advice only buy a device from a company that has been a pioneer in the industry there are a couple out there . wish i would have . now i have to reincarnate again . dammit .
1			workmanship	poor	feedback	terrible	static	horrible			terrible audio feedback . used this cable to plug my laptop into my stereo system . got horrible static and hum along with the audio . not usable at all . as i rotated and messed with the connector , the feedback got better and worse . i suspect it's poor workmanship . i have a shorter version of this same cable that worked fine . spend a couple dollars and buy a better quality cable .
1			product	poor	battery	new			poor quality product . the battery was dead on this watch when i received it . after replacing it , the watch functioned for perhaps a month on the new battery before drastically losing time . this is a poor quality product than i can not recommend .
2			book	great	addition	good			good addition to the story . the first book was very up lifting and this one continues to be so . in this one we see what happens if the crows get jealous . this is a very light read and its great to see what happens after everything goes well at the end of the last book . if you liked the first one you like this one .
2			season	great	dvds	horrible	dvd	worst	show	fantastic			great season , horrible dvds . the show is fantastic , the season was great but these dvd are the worst i have ever purchased . i dont know how to explain how shoddy the packaging is . the moment i opened it the plastic holding each dvd stated braking apart . a week later and it is broken off the spine and into multiple trays that no longer fit into the box . to pay this much for a season and not be able to keep the dvds in one package and safe from damage is a rip off . it is the cheapest shoddiest designed packaging i have ever seen on a dvd set .
2			graphics	great	game	best			fantastic ! ! ! ! ! ! being a child of the 70 s & 80 s during the advent of video games , this is quite possibly the best game i have ever played ! great graphics & the action is unmatched ! ! we got it for my son at christmas & we played for 4 hours the first day ! ! ! ! !
2			it	easy	monitor	great			great monitor . i love this heart rate monitor . it is very easy to use and keeps me on track with my goals .
2			quality	awesome			buy works well . i bought this for a spare bedroom where we did not have a telephone jack . installation was a snap and it works great . sound quality is awesome and in addition you can use it to connect an access point router to expand the reach of your wifi network .
2			theories	new	insights	exceptional	book	new	guidebook	spiritual	discoveries	scientific	culmination	great	concise	clear	book	best	them	easy	work	previous	piece	great			i love gregg braden ! ! . this is his best book yet ! i have been to his lecture in king of prussia and learned about the dna experiments he outlines in this new book . now i can read about the experiments again and again , savoring each reading and learning more each time as well . gregg has exceptional insights regrading the cutting edge scientific discoveries of our times . he writes in a clear , concise manner about these new theories and discoveries , and makes them very easy to dige st i have read most of his work , but this latest book is a great culmination of previous work and a much needed spiritual guidebook for the future ! a fine gossamer that holds it all together ! great piece of work , gregg ! a groundbreaker , for sure ! congratulations and kudos ! ! toni calvello
1			service	bad	they	helpful no	warranty	short	drive	bad	drive	hard			stopped working , very bad customer service . my rio karma worked fine for a couple of months . then , without any apparent reason , it stopped working . it would freeze and prompt a message bar karma or bad hard drive . this was after the very short 3 months warranty . i called customer service several times and they were not helpful at all . i am not buying another product from rio ever again .
2			reviews	great	it	difficult	nothing	new	bursts	short			there's nothing new under this sun . i read wurman's first info . anxiety years ago and hungrily gobbled up the great reviews of this sequel . the book , however , is a crashing disappointment . while wurman evinces the appreciation for the obvious that makes all high priced consultants worth their fees , he hasn not stretched himself with this work . wurman offers nothing new either to expand upon or address his theories of information anxiety . strangely , i have found this book to be all but unreadable except in very short bursts . the marginalia are rarely illuminating , occasionally thought provoking , and frequently distracting . even the book's size , weight , and the design of it's massive flapped cover make it difficult to handle issues which one would think wurman would have guy's past his prime .
1			monitor	worst	static	awful			lots of static . this was the worst monitor i have tried so far . when we had our daughter , 2 years ago , i received a graco monitor . that monitor worked well , for about a year . then , like so many monitors , it just stopped working . when i recently replaced it with this monitor , i wished i had the graco back , and i didn not think i would ever say that ! for the first week it worked without much incident , but out ! the static was awful , and it would emit beeps or static for seemingly no reason . i would not recommend anyone ever buy this product !
2			box	stupid	season	great	ploy	stupid	looks	cool			the box needs work ! ! the season of simpsons was great ! except for the stupid box sure it looks cool , but is was poorly made . the disc case inside mine fell apart when i opened it and the places where the glue is supposed to be came apart . honestly this really ticked me off . i think this was a stupid marketing ploy to get you to spend the 2.00 to get the standard box sent to you . remember when you do they will have your mailing address , as if you don not get enough junk mail . untill they do it right im boycotting simpsons box sets . shaun
2			reading	great	day	next	timing	right	story	incredible			incredible story . when i finished batavia's graveyard i had the same sheepish feeling i had upon finishing endurance a few years ago how could i have not heard of this story before now ? of course , shackleton has received quite a bit of recognition in the last few years . i somehow doubt cornelius will achieve the same following . not much to add that hasn not been well articulated in previously posted comments . i read a favorable review in the washington post's sunday book world and ordered it the next day . it more than met expectations and made for great if not grisly beach reading . the timing of the rescue ship appearing over the horizon is right out of a hollywood director's addition to providing a depiction of early 17 h century dutch life , it is an incredible story of adventure , desperation , ruthlessness , treachery , and survival , all wonderfully researched and depicted by the author .
2			movie	great	story	great	movie	classic	violence	typical	action	great	directing	great	acting	great			a classic movie . i wasn not sure this movie was for me as i eschew the typical televison and movie violence , however , being stylized and over the top blended well into a great story . great action , great acting , great directing . great movie .
2			video	nice	stereo	little	package	small	sound	solid	audio	great	sound	big	it	small	boombox	portable no			small package , big sound . the mcd 703 by far is the smallest system , with an integrated dvd that my wife and me were able to find . it is small and by no means it's not a portable boombox or sounds like one . this system combines well with our lcd screen in our room . easy to use , it delivers great quality audio and very nice dvd video . this little stereo quickly feels the room and make you feel in the midle of the action . the sub provides a solid bass sound . i will defenetively recomend the mcd 703
2			still	bad no	version	good	metal	old	maiden	big			not bad . this is one of those 80 metal bands that have been around for a long time . they never made it as big as iron maiden or metallica but this cd provides up to date music for anyone who loves old skool metal . ace of spades isnt as good as machine heads version but its still not bad .
2			danes	dramatic	series	great	i	surprised	channel	regular			great series . clare danes is a bit dramatic at times , but shines in this series . the only negative is the nudity which makes it unsuitable for kids . i was surprised too see boobs on what i thought was a regular evening cable channel .
2			memory	excellent	deal	great			great deal . the memory installed without issue . the computer recognized it with the first boot up . i believe that the memory is excellent .
2			read	great	it	long no	ms	important			just what i needed to read . as a single , saved women in her late 20 s i was getting discouraged with being alone . at times i got very depressed and questioned god as to why my life was not moving in that rega rd i brought this book this morning and finished it in one sitting it is not long . as soon as i began reading and meditating on what was being said i began to feel the lord speaking to me through the book . it addresses issues such as loneliness , forgiveness , betrayal , sex and other important ite ms each section brings you god's word and what he says in regards to each of the topics . i am reminded to put my faith to work and trust in god's wo rd he has so much more for me than i can imagine and i have to be obedient and wait for his time , not my time . if you are feeling a bit or a lot down about being single this is a great read to get your mind focused back on christ and his promises for us .
1			hunkerdown	perfect	show	live	recording	worst	force	powerful	rd	entire	material	old	recording	poor	step	great	material	new	step	next	school	high			their worst recording yet . save your money . this album does not showcase the power and sound of their live show . hunkerdown was perfect ; cockadoodledont was a great next step with some new and old material . believe is a poor recording with guitars that sound like they were preformed by a high school jazz band . this band has taken a step back instead of forward on this one . the col is still a powerful force , but i m afraid he couldn not carry the entire reco rd he sure could have used some help . very disappointing .
2			product	great	work	hard	price	great			great product , great price , fast shipping . just finished using the product , i believe with the hard work put in at the gym , it helped with my gains . really does show mass results .
1			support	bad	product	bad			bad product , bad company support . sport brain web site stopped working and pedometer stopped counting steps after few days . pedometer can be replaced but web site still does not work and one cannot download daily accomplishment . i am returning pedometer and not recommending product . actually i would like to give no star if it was possible .
2			it	close	deal	great	she	delighted			great deal . this devotional book was marketed as being almost new . upon receipt , it was as close to new as a used book could be . i bought it for a friend and she was delighted with the book and the condition of the book !
2			product	great	it	amazing	cleaner	big	spot	big	cleaner	easy			better than expected ! after researching carefully which carpet cleaner i wanted to get i decided on this one based on the reviews . i used it the day we got it , and it was amazing ! we have dogs that occasionally have accidents on our white / cream carpet , and this carpet cleaner makes my carpet looks like nothing ever happened , and even dries the carpet so you aren not left with a big wet spot ! very easy to use , and very easy to put in solution and take out the dirty water . the only downside i have is that the bucket that picks up the dirty water could be bigger so i don not have to empty it as often . but then again , the cleaner is big enough as it is and if it was any bigger it wouldn not fit anywhere to store it . overal a great product , and definitely recommend it to anyone who is looking for an easy to use carpet cleaner !
2			addition	great			this is my favorite appliance . my mother in law got this for us a couple of years ago for christmas . they have redesigned the feet , yet it is the same thing . i have grilled and used the skillet top and both have performed beautifully . it cleans up very easily and the surface is not only nicely non stick , it also has held up to wear very well . if i had to go with out an appliance in the kitchen this would be the last one i would give up . my only minor complaint is that the manual was very unclear about whether or not to add water to the pan when using the skillet top . buried on one of the pages , my suspision that we didn not need to use water was confirmed . overall a great addition to any kitchen .
1			parts	individual	instructions	wrong	method	laughable	product	worst			worst chinese product yet . unbelievable . picture assembly instructions were incomplete and wrong . the individual plastic parts did not fit together . the shown method of trimming the 8 -40 assembly screws with a hacksaw is laughable , except when i remember that the american ceo of this company probably makes 7 figures peddling this junk . look elsewhere for a pet door .
2			video	curious	george	curious	grandson	great	customer	satisfied			satisfied customer . the curious george video was for my great grandson's birthday . he loves curious george so he loves the video .
2			production	great			a film well done . hats off to hollywood for not only bringing zorro back to the screen , but for doing so with quality actors , and great production . anthony hopkins , the best there is . antonio banderas , at last a latin leading man worth watching . talented , charming , a do it all actor from comedy to serious drama , action adventure , you name it . 2 hrs 20 minutes , really ? so enjoyable i never noticed . time flies when you are having fun . everyone needs to see this one .
1			clothes	great no	mom	new	patterns	beautiful			elegant , beautful designs . although my baby days are over , i loved this book . i was a little skeptical when i saw the title let's face it most maternity clothes are not that great but the patterns are beautiful and will make any mother to be feel wonderful and elegant . this book or making any of the patterns would make a perfect gift for the new mom .
2			flashlite	great			maglite 6 d cell . great flashlite wish it came in a led model . i tape it with hocky stick tape for a better grip . a word of caution since the batteries last so long , inspect them once in a while for deterioration . i recently had to junk a 4 led maglite because the cells swelled and ruined the tube . it worked fine , daily use , until it died .
2			editions	fabulous	it	great	vi	complete			the trilogy reborn ! we thought the remastered editions of episodes iv vi were fabulous ! not only were the films clearer and sharper than they ever were , the subtle additions of deleted scenes made the whole re seeing all that much more spectacular . my husband and i saw the originals when they first hit the theaters over 27 years ago . it was great to see them restored so well . we especially loved the end of eps . vi where hayden was placed next to yoda & obi wan in spirit form . it just made the melding of eps . i iii with iv vi all the more complete .
2			introduction	great	deal	good			a great introduction to all of the basics . i have found wine for dummies to be really helpful in my understanding of wine . i have had a fair amount of experience with wine prior to reading the book , but realized how much i had to learn , and how much incorrect information i had learned . i am frequently looking up wine related questions and can almost always find the answer i m looking for . i would highly recommend this book not only to wine novices , but also to people who have a good deal of experience with wine but simply want to clarify and learn more .
2			movie	great	story	true	husges	great			bram stoker's dracula the love story to die for . this is a great movie . brendon husges is great . a true love story .
2			company	new	plan	great			the only source you need . when we had the germ of an idea for a new company , i explored many sources for business plans including many computer cd proga ms by comparison , others books generated more confusion than lucidity . using dummies as a template , we developed a great business plan that reflected exactly our challenges , prospects , and a road map for getting there . save yourself time and money . stick with this dummies guide . kingston
2			thing	great	room	next	machine	great			great machine that lasts and it's made in the usa ! we just purchased our third machine , not because they broke , we just needed another one . the first one i bought was about 8 years ago and it's still going strong . the great thing about this machine , besides being made in the usa , is its range of volume from barely over a whisper to loud enough not to here what is going on in the next room .
1			movies	bad			uwe boll strikes again ! yikes . there are bad movies , and then there are bad movies . as if i didn not think uwe boll could do any worse than his craptastic version of house of the dead , he goes and brings us this movie . needless to say , i do not even know how it ended because i could not take more than 15 minutes of this . if you would like a comparison , the blair witch project is oscar winning material compared to this . someone should take boll's director's license away from him and have him kept away from cameras of all types .
1			scanning	bad			don not buy this machine ! it's been nothing but trouble . it jams constantly . i have to baby sit each page as it comes out ! ! the scanning is bad as someone else describes . it's not very compatiable with macs . i wanted to like hp products , but this has killed that in me . i will never buy hp again . this is just crazy . i m goning to have to toss it and buy something else .
2			kids	interested	material	good	teacher	amazed	book	great			great book ! this book takes me back to when i was in 3 d grade . i bought it for my 5 h grader and he loved it ! his teacher was amazed because he had been a fan of these books when he was younger . good reading material , and keeps kids interested !
2			show	great			you just can not knock it . this title is this first chapter in the evolving world of dragon ball z , and although it shows , it's still a great show . there are countless niggles with dubbing and corny plots , but that is the essence of the series , and there is no better way to enter into the genre than to see the start point .
2			i	disappointed	felt	sick	writer	great	one	next	thing	good	fan	huge	i	excited	vulgarity	necessary			tried to like it . as a huge fan of early stephen king works , i had heard that this was so much like it and the stand and so i was excited about reading it . in my opinion it was totally vulgar and i don not think that all that vulgarity was necessary to create the story . i found the book to be confusing as well , towards the end . there were times when i had to stop reading it as i felt sick to my stomach . maybe that's a good thing ? king is still in my opinion an extremly great writer but i thinkat times he tries too hard to be gross . all in all , i was disappointed . hopefully the next one will be better .
1			puppy	poor			doggy diarrhea . my dog absolutely loved these treats until he got doggy diarrhea from them . oh yeah , it was a blast cleaning the rug a few times and then having to run out to the woods at 1 30 am when he got another bout ! my poor puppy ! ! not just my dog , i gave a box to my neighbor's dog and she had diarrhea from them too . i m throwing the rest of them away . never again .
2			story	true	jumping	great	story	usual no	evil	greatest			a truly unique view of the holocaust . this must be the most unusual story about the holocaust you will ever read . of course , it contains the horrors of the nazi death camps and the wrenching effects on a family and a town . but it also delivers a hopeful and uplifting message of how love and family really can stand up against the greatest evil in the world . in our family , this book became a great jumping off point for discussion between those who were of the world war ii generation and those of us who came after . it is packed with information , and like every truly excellent piece of journalistic storytelling makes you forget over and over again that it is a true story .
1			kids	little	purchase	worst	looks	nice	quality	poor	chair	easy			not recommended for house with kids . this looks very nice . i had to admit . but it is really not recommended when you have little kids who can move around chair and scratch the leather . i bought it because i saw 5 star . i realized a year that it was the worst purchase . the chair was easy to assemble . but few months later it started loosen up it's legs . the bottom cover started to came off and fillin inside chair started falling . initially i kept tighting the chair legs to use but at last i had to give up and throw the chairsaway . very poor quality of faux leather . overall worse chair that i have seen .
1			experience	bad			very bad experience . i bought this maybe two years ago , and i never got i never got the money back , so no book no carefull with this seller . i don not recommend this at all .
2			sense	great	it	creative	gift	great	someone	young			an awesome pop up book ! i got this book as a gift and i love it ! it's really creative and it really brings out one's phobias . everyone i have shown it to loved it . it's a great gift for someone young at heart or someone with a great sense of humor . it's timeless . enjoy !
2			theory	big	buy	great	seasons	available			big bang theory third season need i say more . my wife purchased me the fifth season for christmas . at which quinolone amazon to see if other seasons were available finding one through four for less than $ 10 each i purchased all . this is definitely a sitcom that you can rewatch over and over because of the intricate dialogue that is been written and things will get on the second third time watching an episode did not get on the first great buy
2			movie	best	effects	great	i	disappointed	looks	great	effects	special	i	surprised	it	boring	cast	big	it	exciting	looked	cool	it	long	it	slow			i was very surprised and dissapointed . i really thought this movie was going to be the best for the year . it had such a big name cast and the special effects looked so cool ; it was all exciting . what a surprise i was in for . firstly , the special effects are great . that's why i gave it 2 stars instead of 1 your eyes will be dazzled . but it is boring , slow , and long . there is way too much talking . i have never ever seen a movie with so much talking in my life . and i don not mean talking as in give me action and stop the talking scenes . i mean even when there's action they slide talking into the action scenes . it got so irritating ; it was like shut up already , do these characters have to talk every single thing ? additionally even though it is an action movie there isn not really that much action , i think that's what made it fail . jessica alba looks great in it though !
2			idea	great			won not ignite . the idea of a cigarette shaped lighter is great but i have worn out my thumb trying to get it to light . it is full with butane too .
1			cd	bad	album	worst	singers	worst	singer	great			worst album of the decade . this cd is simply bad cher never was a great singer and this cd proves all along that she is one of the worst singers of all time , if you have bought this cd then i suggest you go back and demand a refund .
1			fan	young	bands	live	seemed	weak	parts	best	you	new	list	suck	video	bad	bands	best			too bad this video doesn not show how good crazy horse is . i have been a neil young fan since the buffalo springfield days , and never pass up a chance to enjoy his music if i can . for my money , neil has more talent , drive , and passion than any 5 rock stars around today . thus , i was really looking forward to seeing this video . in a nutshell , the song list sucked , the interview clips were disjointed and felt contrived , and the overall production seemed weak . the best parts , for me , were the clips from the 70 and 80 , showing the band much more energized and focused . even neil looked and sounded old and tired in this overdone drivel . if you are new to neil and crazy horse , please don not make any judgements based on this video . instead , listen to all the music they have made , see the earlier video record , and dig crazy horse for what is really is one of the best live rock bands to ever take a stage .
2			illustrations	modern	book	great			great book of poems ! parents and kids will love this book . the illustrations are modern and colorful . the silly poems remind me of shel silverstein . i think this will be a book my kids will remember when they are adults . simply a great book !
1			showing	poor			do not waste your time or money reading this book . the book lacks any sort of cohesiveness . the author rambles on about superfluous facts , which makes for a very dull story . do not waste your time reading the book . the poor showing also indicates that books reviewed by the washington post as this one was can be duds .
2			game	great			great game play ! i like this game its alot of fun once you learn how to play , awesome graphics tons of fun ! !
2			sections	great	kit	available	world	real	detail	great	writing	great	writing	informative	it	worth			another winner from dave hunter . buy it ! if you have any interest at all in how your guitar amplifier works , you need this book i can not recommend it anymore than that ! dave has authored more books from publisher backbeat books , and they are all killer productions great / informative writing , superb binding , covers and great detail in the publishing aspects of these hunter is well versed in all things guitar , as i have learned through buying and reading all of his works to date . he's got a unique book here in his approach and honesty on the subject , and it's worth every penny . loaded with real world , no bs information great sections on signal chain , components , how to select the right amp for you and at the end , a fully documented amplifier kit which is now available through the publisher's website which you can either buy direct , or put together with your own parts ! highly recommended , and i highly recommend dave's other books as well !
2			tables	small	types	different	i	pleased	design	useful	lamps	great			great lamps ! i was searching for a long time for lamps for my beside tables . these were a perfect fit for my small tables . the three way lighting serves differnt moods and i have had no trouble with the voltage like other customers . the design can be useful for different types of decor . i am very pleased with this purchase ! !
2			package	great	special	good	use	total	documentary	great			dissapointed . look i love u 2 . i love the joshua tree album . i thought this was a great documentary . was a total mis use of the dvd medium . if you are looking to create value for your fans and get them off napster and decide to release a dvd why not use the medium to the fulle st build a dvd with all of the videos complete no interview interruptions . create a second audio track with the audio interviews . and create bonus tracks with the video interviews . add another bonus of the full audio tracks . and you got a great package for your fans . instead this was a dvd that was laid out like a pbs special . granted it was a good pbs special , but it was not what i was buying . i watched this dvd once . and i will probably not watch it again . when i buy a video , i want to watch it over and over again . you can not do that for a music dvd that has songs and videos continuously interrupted by not buy this unless you expect a documentary .
2			continuation	great	read	easy	read	great			great continuation of the series ! this book is definitely one of my favorites of the series . i just love how dr lahaye and mr jenkins take so much scripture and turn it into a very fascinating fictional story that is highly based on truth . this book was a great and easy read much like the rest of the books i have read in the series so far .
2			elements	fresh	i	glad	i	young	satisfaction	similar	kid	young	collection	great			as good as it gets . i was too young to appreciate these stories when they appeared in the detective comics i bought for the batman appearances as a young kid . but i remembered them because of the artwork , and was really glad to have found this collection recently . while many of the elements that were fresh in 1974 are conventional today , this is still an example of fully dedicated comic book craftsmanship at its very be st those who loved the clean , detailed , draftsman's approach to finished comic art that terry austin once brought to the pencils of john byrne and marshall rogers will find similar satisfaction in simonson's work here . a really great collection that shouldn not be missed .
1			it	great no			it's not really not really great either . this movie doesn not really tie into merlin at all . it's still a fun movie to watch . plus i love the music , quite lovely really !
2			router	great	one	new	it	cheap			great router , just don not upgrade the firmware . when i first got the router , it worked fine . but i , like a moron , decided to upgrade the firmware , believing i should have everything up to date regardless of how well it works at fir st then things started to slow down . i could still download at the same rate as before , but there was a 3 second lag everytime i clicked on a web page link i use verizon dsl . so i tried to downgrade the firmware , which could not be done per the linksys tech support people , so i sent it back for a new one . this time , i didnt upgrade the firmware , and everything is back to normal , no thing gets warm , not too hot . i was scared when i read the reviews that it would melt my desk but thats not the in all i like the router . it does what i need it to do and it was cheap .
1			sound	great	tvs	flat	tour	bad	buyers	aware	look	bad	mj	brilliant	quality	suck			no one here is talking about the quality of this dvd . it seems like people here are reviewing the bad tour and michael jackson , forgetting that this place is for the dvd let me tell you , mj is brilliant , bad tour fantastic ! with that being said , the quality of this dvd sucks ! common , vhs tape transfer ? really they couldn not do better than that ? for the first time ever i felt like returning a mj product ! so buyers be aware , this will look pretty bad on your flat screen tvs ! sound is great though . i m looking forward to the next 10 -15 years when someone will find a decent footage of the bad tour and release it on blu ray .
2			smell	real no	product	fantastic	he	old	it	easy	foods	solid			no smells . my son's diapers were no problem when he was breastfed but when we changed to formula the smell was unreal ! we love the diaper dekor plus , it's easy to open and dispose of the diaper even at 2 m and once the lid shuts the smell is gone ! now that he's eating solid foods we couldn not live without the diaper dekor plus ! no matter how bad the diaper smells when the lid closes the smell is gone . changing the bag is easy and they last much longer than we expected . we bought one 3 ack refill when we bought the diaper dekor plus before my son was born now he is 6 onths old and we still have one of the 3 efills that hasn not been opened yet . this is a fantastic product and we plan to buy another for our 2 d child's nursery !
2			touch	nice	case	small	dial	easy	invicta	large	looks	expensive	value	great	watch	comparable			great value for the price . i bought this watch as a christmas present for my sister . i was a little apprehensive because the last invicta that i would purchased was very large . as a matter of fact , i gave it to my brother in law . this one has a small case and a thin bracelet . if you are like me and on the petite side , this would be a perfect diver's watch for you . it looks fairly expensive and the luminous dial is very easy to see . i would recommend it to anyone that wants a watch comparable to a marine star without the $ 600.00 price tag . i did notice that the gold links and gold bezel are 23 plated . nice touch .
2			race	great	ballou	tedious	race	silly	comedies	funny	list	short	brawls	huge	laughs	best			one of the few 60 s comedies that is still funny . as the other reviews say , the great race is simple , silly , fun evil plots that go disastrously wrong , a barroom brawl , even a pie fight . hero all in white , villain all in black . unlike most 60 s comedies , it wears well . i think it's really a parody of the tiresome hey i m funny school of 60 s comedies starring idiots like buddy hackett or terry thomas . jack lemmon's villain is so deliberately overdone that it's a parody all by itself . the rest of the leads are primarily actors , not comedians or comic actors , and they get all the best laughs . this is not to say that lemmon and falk's riffs on laurel & hardy , or huge brawls , or melodramatic swordplay , or pie fights , aren not funny . but they aren not the soul of this has not been kind to 60 s movie comedies . those magnificent men , mad , mad , world , even cat ballou are tedious , almost embarrassing . the great race makes the short list of those that can still make us laugh .
2			movie	best	story	great			yes ! this is the best movie i have ever seen . the story is great and the actors couldn not have been chosen any better . i love u vin diesel !
2			work	best	i	hooked	set	great	it	funny	price	best			awesome dvd . this dvd set is great , the price is the best anywhere , even better than the price of both seasons together at this site season 1 and 2 seperate are cheaper thant hte box set . it is so funny becuase its so fast paced , joke joke joke . they make sure they do the best work even if its a 15 min show . i was totally hooked and bought both seasons after just seeing 1 eposode !
1			device	terrible	product	defective	router	new	phone	bad			terrible device . not much to say here . i bought this and for months had a delay when i answered the phone using vonage . i would say hello ? hello ? hello ? and after 5 -10 seconds someone would answer . at first my friend suggested that my phone was bad ! not only that but when calling out it would take 3 seconds to hear a dial tone . i replaced this with the new d link vonage wireless router and the problem was instantly fixed ! too bad i can not return this defective product . works fine as just a wireless router though . i have had no problems with using my laptop wirelessly using this device .
2			layout	great	book	wonderful	uses	traditional	looks	like	book	great			this book is your 1 dose prescription to your all your ? 's . this book is wonderful . it has a great layout for each herb it reviews . it goes step by step telling history , traditional uses , proven effects , concerns and warnings , and even if the herb will effect the results of a drug te st all the above qualities and a also a colored picture of what the herb looks like . also , a great book like this is medicine of the earth , by susanne fischer rizzi that includes a few herbs this book overlooks .
2			novel	great	puritanism	like	america	like	atmosphere	religious	prynne	main	pain	severe			great novel . the scarlet letter by nathaniel hawthorne is a great novel . it takes place in boston , massachusetts during the era when puritans were there . the main character hester prynne is forced to wear a scarlet letter a for adultery because she cheats on her husband while waiting for him to come from book really recaptures what puritanism was like . its interesting to think about what america would be like if we were still puritan . a theme of the book is concealed guilt . the minister arthur dimmesdale has concealed guilt which causes him severe pain . the message of the book is that you shouldn not let some minor sin you did in the past haunt you for the rest of your book denounces the religious atmosphere of the puritan village claiming that it stifled the merriment and joy of the culture of old england . you get a picture of how the wonderful culture portrayed in the works of chaucer was lost in america due to the influence of the puritans .
2			way	great	novel	exceptional			it was a wonderful book as a teenager and it still is now ! like many of your other reader reviewers , i read katherine when i was a teenager i was transported to a by gone world and suddenly my history lessons came alive . what a wonderful experience and what a great way to learn about history . katherine is an exceptional novel far more involved than your usual romance novels . i can only hope that ms seton's publisher continues to print all of her books for a long , long time !
2			collection	great			wonderful collection of country talent . this cd is a great collection of country christian artists . the title song brings a lump to your throat .
1			sectors	bad	drive	hard			how do you spell relief ? anyone who has had a hard drive crash knows the grief it can bring . twice now ghost 10 has come to my rescue . it has worked marvelously with both raid 5 and raid 0 configurations . i wouldn not even consider continuing the raid 0 without ghost riding side saddle . i have had to tell it to ignore bad sectors on the disk and there have been a couple of instances when the backup failed for reasons unknown , but 97 of the time it works perfectly and it the restore has never failed in the clutch . just make sure you back up early and often .
2			consumption	personal	book	different	ethical	social	acts	easy	gift	great	issues	tough	ethical	political	engagement	personal			a perfect guide for the perplexed . this book is different from most books of the 50 ways to save the earth genre because it covers a diverse array of social , political , ethical , and environmental problems in an in depth fashion . the authors explain tough issues like the environmental effects of eating styles in clear , calm ter ms the suggestions to make the world a better place range from extremely easy acts to reduce personal consumption to ambitious , challenging proposals for personal engagement with the homeless , the homebound , and others in need of assistance . not only has it changed my own daily behaivor , i have found it to make a great , thought provoking gift
2			price	great	sets	extra	eartips	comfortable	headphone	fantastic			etymotic er -6 earbud headphone . fantastic headphone , great price . wonderful on an airplane . i would recommend to anyone . foam eartips are more comfortable than rubber ones . i would recommend ordering some extra sets of the foam eartips .
2			music	real	parts	memorable	lines	vocal	quality	highest	railroad	grand	metal	classic	cd	hard	rock	hard	voice	incredible	voice	great			this cd is in my top 5 metal / hard cd's of all time . let me first say that i grew up listening to and loving blacksabbath , deep purple , mountain , grand funk railroad , dio , etc i m talking about real music that 1 the songs are great interesting and memorable bass parts , drumming , chord changes , guitar solos , tasty keyboard parts / solos 2 vocals delivered by a singer with a great voice who sings the well constructed vocal melody lines with intensity . astral doors absolutely have every single element in their songs that make their music timeless and classic hard rock / metal . their lead singer has an incredible voice . absolutely in the same league with ronnie james dio , ray gillen , geoff tate , jeff scott soto , danny vaughn , etc i could go on and on about how great of a band astral doors are . but i won not . i will just say in closing , that if you like the rock that you listen to to be of the utmost highest quality , you must hear the astral doors two cd's .
2			concept	great	it	different			great concept . i think to really enjoy this you need to get into a very deep mind set or have a warped sense of humor . at one point aster takes this book to the extreme ends of imagination by taking our canine hero mr bones into a vivid hallucination where he imagines himself as a housefly . to many this could be a bit much , but it is a refreshingly simple idea that makes for light hearted reading . i really enjoyed this book , it was different from anything i have read in the past , and i would recommend it to anybody looking for a change .
2			adams	superb	followup	great			most enjoyable . great followup to watership down . i would recommend this book to everybody . richard adams is superb . you have got to love these two books .
2			child	small	reel	affordable	choice	good	reels	expensive	drag	reliable	reel	solid	reeling	great	lakes	small	water	big	it	hard			a quality center pin reel that you don not need to take a loan out to afford . the okuma star drag reel is a solid dependable center pin reel , that's affordable . it provides smooth reeling and casting and is great for hauling in fish that could eat a small child , with plenty of line capacity and a reliable drag that doesn not jump or jam . you may not get quite the engineering as you would with more expensive reels such as shimano's , but for the price it's hard to beat . if you have $ 300 $ 500 to drop on a reel that you intend to use for surf casting and big water gamefish this may not be the reel for you , but for relatively small water freshwater lakes , rivers and ponds and shore fishing this is definately a good choice .
2			guitars	great	resonance	mechanical			excellent guitar rock album . great guitars & voice ! a really nice follow up to the 1 st release mechanical resonance i love these guys ! saw them live in 1988 & sounded spectacular !
2			movie	great	condition	good	movies	old			great movie . i love to get these old movies in dvd . i would order again from this sight . product was in good condition .
2			song	great	cd	best	it	great			one of the best cd's ever ! i just got this cd yesterday , but it is sooooo great ! the wreckoning is a great song , and the reason i got it . you may have heard crazylove on crossroads and wasting my time on 8 was cool how they dedicated this disc to their dad , who i am pretty sure of passed away . r . i . p . maybe buy this cd and you will see why it is so great ! buy it . now ! !
1			support	ok	sport	good	bra	attractive	look	attractive	look	bad	it	expensive	cups	thin			what is so expensive ? the first thing you notice about this bra in toast color is that it looks as a posture correcting device in terms of color , fabric texture , overall design and ugly straps in the back , in particular . so , in short , the look is bad , you cannot undress without scaring your man . perhaps , in black this bra would look better , but far from being attractive anyway . the cups are very thin , as other reviewers already noticed , but for me it was not a problem . hence , i give it 2 stars for holding the straps at the center as a t back supposed . the bust support is ok for one day until fabric stretches . wonder why it is so expensive if it is neither good sport or comfort bra , nor a sexy dress style .
2			literature	contemporary	introduction	great	movements	different	job	good	understanding	general	book	good			intro to judaism . this is a really good book for anyone to get a general understanding of jewish religion , its different movements , and its culture . i read it for a class i m taking , contemporary jewish literature , and it was a great introduction to the jewish culture so that we can better understand the novels we are reading later . goldman does a good job giving all the details of rituals and holidays without bogging down the reader . he also describes how many variations there are in the way jews live out their culture without holding one movement above the other .
2			color	rich	storyline	terrific	commentary	social	talk	beautiful	screen	big	piece	great			a genuine work of art . i honestly don not know where to begin or end in praising this film ; when i saw it at the movies and you should see this film on a big screen , in order to fully appreciate its rich color and spectacular landscapes i had one of those beautiful experiences that one rarely has . i was beyond awe and had entered into a realm of genuine empathy and emotion that had me tearing up but not crying . talk about some serious chicken film is beautiful on many levels . the storyline is terrific and engaging . the film's movement the movement of the cameras and especially the truly beautiful movement of the actors , especially chow yun fat is used to stunning effect and transports you into the story in a very unique way . and the performance by michelle yeoh is just any great piece of art , one is able to personalize this film in a myriad of ways . for me , it's not a martial arts film . it's a symphony of symbolism , of love , of truth , of movement , and social commentary .
1			piece	poor	things	stupid	movie	funny	cartoon	live			what's the point . i saw this idiotic movie , i m still finding out how this movie is funny , destruction of property , loitering , seeing a guy bowl a ball with him at the end of the lane . is this some kind of live action cartoon or morons doing stupid things to get some in trouble . face it if you like backyard wrestling which i don not you would like this poor piece of garbage movie , if you can call it that ! no plot , no story , in mean to a reason to watch it , just people doing things , boring , take it from me , tom green is the worstest comedie ever , and this movie should be dispose of !
2			lyrics	typical	cd	great	beat	tight			usher did a wonderful job with this album . this cd is great ! my top favorites songs are . track 3 throwback ; the beat is tight and i feel what he is talking abouttrack 6 burn ; this song is so touching and you can tell he is really feeling this song . track 11 simple things ; this song has typical lyrics , but i like the way his sings this song . track 15 do it to me ; this is my favorite song . it's like a prince re make and i just love it !
2			story	short	author	new	potential	great	development	best			frist look at a new author with great potential . the stories are rivting with the best character development i have ever seen in a short story . i look forward to reading future works by this author .
1			packaging	poor	i	disappointed	i	impressed			evsco antioxidant review . i am always impressed with the timeliness for shipping and delivery of my purchase however , i was very disappointed in the quality of the product this time . many of the tablets are broken due either to product quality or poor packaging before shipment . i am not sure that i will reorder this product again . sincerely , tami hales
2			suction	great	item	great			great suction , for the brief time you have to use it . like most other reviewers , i love my dyson upright and thought this would be a great item for quick clean ups . the battery life is abysmal . forget about leaving it off the charger for any length of time and then trying to use it . i would almost rather have one with a co rd
2			drum	great	cd	great	job	good	tyranny	great			bruce is back . this tyranny of souls cd is great . bruce and roy z have done it again . there are 10 killer tracks on this collection of songs with rippingguitar work , killer vocals and great drum with a lot of bruce dickinson's stuff the lyrics are doused withhis cultism style of , bruce had a lot of hit and miss with his solo career butthere is a lot more hitting than missing on this one . another great cd of his would be not he best of bruce dickinson he and guitarist roy z work great also did a good job on the production as you are a guitar player , this cd is great to play along with .
1			taste	bad	ones	fresh	stores	local	it	painful			not fresh . i bought yogurt honey peanut bars from dab . what i received was not fresh , even though the expiration date was almost 8 months ahead . compared to the taste of the fresh ones you can buy in your local stores , the taste of this one was really bad and it was really painful eating it . the appearance of the bar also suggested having some problems , before even tasting it . i don not think the food is preserved in conditions that would guarantee freshness , and i don not think i am going to buy from the same seller 2 star is just for quick delivery , nothing else .
2			mechanism	smart	sights	awesome	feels	nice	mechanism	easy	gun	great	fps	great	durablesights	hard			durable and powerful ! this gun is great if your looking for a cheap rifle with great fps buy this gun . i shot a guy from 60 feet away very i fell on this gun with all my weight in the mud , not a scratch . it feels nice in your hands . the cocking mechanism is quite smart and easy too use . the magazine holds only 18 rounds in the front part and like 40 bbs in the storage part . then you justshake more in . the flashlight is actually one of the best i have ever used . the sights are awesome and work well sometimes i think they are better then using a scope . the laser is just for fun it doesn not line up with your target , the laser is very , very powerful it can shoot like a mile away {no joke , we were scaring people at night} . i made a list of the pros and like 340 fpssturdy and durablesights work greatlaser is powerfulnever jammed on meconsmag is a little hard too usegrip is uselessoverall recommend this gun too anyone , better than some 80 guns .
2			effects	great	effects	special			a cartoon come to life . the fifth element is a dazziling spectacle of science fiction . fixed with great special effects , odd caracters , and all around funny humor , the fifth element is a movie i can truly watch again and again . its just fun ! a brooklyn taxi driver of the 23 d century gets caught up in a cosmic event that could destroy the world . bruce willis , gary oldman , milla johovich , and chris tucker make excellent characters in this truly amazing film . what is the coolest part is the hero and the villian never meet !
1			fantsy	final	plot	good	game	good	fantasy	final	teenagers	young	game	best	game	good no	words	bad			final fantasy rules . final fantsy eight is a good game for young teenagers younger kids i think would get boa rd final fantasy has mild bad words such as damn . even if the the words may be a litle bad i think it's the best playstation game bypassing final fantasy 7 if battles make you board the game is not very good for you because you use your sword and magic to cut through the enemy's . the plot is also very good . i also think it has amzing grafics . it is the reason i got playstation .
2			choice	good no	ideas	great	book	good			help me ! this could be a good book . it has lots of great ideas to get you into it . problem is . what is the plot ? i had to do a book report on this book . the teacher asking about the plot . well , i could pick from many ! this book is not a good choice for a book report . what a struggle ! also , for a childrens book , it had too many words i had to look up . then i would have to reread a few paragraphs to get the meaning .
2			yorker	new	disobedience	civil	books	expensive	pieces	humorous	books	fantastic	republic	new	stories	short			very funny . without feathers was woody allen's second collection of humorous pieces , and probably his be st these originally appeared in the early 1970 s , in magazines like the new yorker and the new republic . some are short stories , like no kaddish for weinstein and the whore of mensa . there are two plays , death the inspiration for allen's shadows and fog , and the much better god , a masterpiece of absurdity . there are parodies of encyclopedia brown match wits with inspector ford and henrik ibsen the hysterical lovborg's women considered , irreverent essays on english literature and civil disobedience , reviews of some very bizarre ballets , and more . without feathers is fantastic and , as a bonus , much less expensive than many inferior humor books .
2			instrumentals	great	sounds	different	track	instrumental	review	helpful	invasion	special	track	great			perfecto's perfect knockout ! this is a very cool instrumental trance track . an awesome song to blaze on your car or truck's system . it sounds very spacey , like some kind of alien communication straight from the milky way . it's loaded with all kinds of different synth sounds , xylophone esque blips , and tight basslines . for dj's out there , this track would be really great to layer some silky female vocals over ! you can find this on many trance / dance compilations . if you are from my area you can check it out on special k & dj burnz invasion @ tunz . i highly recommend this song to anyone that likes great instrumentals . if my review was helpful to you , then please don not forget to vote . thanks !
1			album	best	rap	bad	style	best	style	original			definitely the one album every rap fanatic should have . this is the first rap music i listened to about 7 yrs no doubt why after all these years , even i listen to more rock / alternative now because of all those bad rap acts lately , i still love bone thugs n harmony's music . their rap style is by far the best and the most original . you can tell by their rapid fire rapping and their great influenced me into becoming a rap fan , and certainly this is one of their best album next to art of war .
2			source	great			buy it , read it ! you will love this book ! a great source of information for a wonderful way of thinking and living ! you won not be sorry ! see for yourself . flyfishdiva
1			version	new	music	loud	husband	disappointed	thing	good	product	old	playskool	bad	it	flimsy			very flimsy and disappointing new version of a good thing ! my son received this toy from his aunt for his 2 d birthday after i put it on his wish li st after my husband assembled it , we tried it , and were very disappointed . first of all , there is no way that a 2 year old could figure out how to spin on this thing ! secondly , the music was way too loud , especially when a child's ears are so close to it . thirdly , it was so flimsy ! when we tried to spin it , it kept tipping over , and we were afraid we were going to break the thing ! we ended up taking it back to the store . i wish i would have known how cheap this toy was before his aunt bought it and paid to have it shipped to our house ! too bad playskool couldn not have just left the old product as is ! who needs all of those lights and music on every toy anyway ?
2			cats	interesting	it	funny	book	great			not very funny . my wife bought this book thinking that it would be funny we were both disappointed . the cartoons in this book have little thought and seem sensless in their aim . not having any prejudice against dogs or cats , this book comes off as sick rather than funny . perhaps this is mr bond's answer to 101 reasons why cats are better than may be a great book for people who are prejudiced against cats but for people who find cats interesting and lovable animals , go somewhere else .
1			box	great	transfer	bad	dvd	worst	product	good no	book	old			deadly awful . most likely you already know the cadfael series and are getting these dvds to step up your video library . great box . wonderful . like an old leatherbound book with holders for each cd , one per page . one episode per disk . that is a lot of space for one hour long episode of a tv show . is the video quality the worst ever seen on dvd ? the video transfer is about as bad as youtube burnt off and sold on ebay . oh , wait . maybe it is youtube burnt off onto dvd and sold on ebay there is chinese script at the top of the dvd window on my computer . uuhhhh . what is going on here ? advice don not get this set unless you are hardcore . otherwise , wait until grenada steps up their quality control . this is just not a good product for the price .
2			it	bad no	insurrection	new	me	wrong	feels	tired			shatner helms a baddie . besides the new insurrection , this is the only star trek movie that feels tired , like we have seen it before . william shatner directs and stars in this ho hum film that leaves much to be desired . the plot concerns a renegade vulcan named sybok hijacking the enterprise and taking it to the center of the universe to find god . it's not a pretty sight . most of the characters we know and love have nothing to do here but act like zombies , especially uhura , who gets naked and sings in front of sybok's desciples . why was this scene put in there ? don not get me wrong , nichelle nichols is a wonderful actress , but this is embarrassing to watch . as for shatner's direction , it's actually not that bad . his writing needs plenty work , though .
2			machine	expensive no	issue	small	machine	great	it	easy			great machine for the price . i was looking for an inexpensive machine to make latte and this fits the bill . simple process , and it works like a gets 4 of 5 stars because i have since discovered that i need a timer to turn the thing off as i have left in on a couple of times . with a timer it gets a 5 small issue is having to unscrew the frothing head after each use to clean it . it's easy to do but time consuming if you are in a rush
1			idea	good	idea	nice	result	bad			good idea , bad result . nice idea , i wish it worked . it did work a time or two , but usally does not stay on when there is water to pump . if you try to open it like i did to see if it can be fixed , watch out for the oil inside the motor !
2			shots	great	object	great	i	happy	pictures	good	pictures	clear	pictures	great	distance	good			very happy . i m no professional just have a couple of toddlers and love to take pictures of them . the object in motion setting is great to take pictures of them with , and the auto setting also takes very good pictures as well . it zooms in great to get close up shots of them from a good distance they don not even know i m taking their picture . i use the great , clear pictures for scrapbooking , printing and displaying , and for sending to relatives through email . i m very happy with this purchase !
1			design	old	it	hard	redesigns	worst			do not fix something that was not broken . this redesign is one of the worst redesigns accorded to a product . you have a product that used to work beautifully , and you decided to go ahead and change it into a design that just is so far away from what it used to be , it is hard to get used to separating them or using the first time in close to 6 years , i have had poop touch my hands , and at one point , in the dark , i didn not realize the flimsy not ie ends touched the poop , and i carried it to the front of my jeans . i would be switching to another product right away unless you go back to the old design , and make a note on the description indicating you have done so .
1			luck	good	batch	bad	manufacture	different			red tie strap breaks nearly every time . i like the idea of these bags with built in pleasant odor . however , every time i place these bags on a standard size 13 gallon trash bin around the rim , they break rather easily . and if the tie string doesn not break around the rim then it will almost always break when tying it . i have rarely had this problem with other bags especially from well known companies like glad . the bag itself never leaked but i like to tie up my trash as pictured on the front of the box . good luck on doing that ! it's possible that i received a bad batch , but i think i will try a different manufacture next time .
1			quality	poor			poor quality . these braclets are poor quality . several were very dim . several broke and leaked all over my hands . choose a better brand !
2			sound	great	player	great			a bass thing . one of the rare case in wich we can hear the great sound of alain caron coupled with something of musical and artistical the only others i can remind is on caron , ecay , lockwood . the man has wonderful sound and perfect intonation , so rarely used in really thick and artistical music through his carrer . here , coupled wit another great player , we can hear him at his best . if you play bass this is a must for you , and also if you don not . look also for caron , ecay , lockwood !
2			lyrics	good	they	good no	crunk	suck	beats	awesome			what's with all the haters ? come on , ying yang twins just can not please any of you haters can they . before everyone was saying that they are too crunk , and that crunk sucks . so ying yang twins change their style and make this one less crunk , but everyone's still hating . who cares about the lyrics in wait the whisper song or pull your hair ? it dosen not really matter if they are not good lyrically on these songs . the beats are awesome . they are not degrading to all women when they are talking about bitches and hoes . listen to long time featuring anthony hamilton . they know that not all women are sluts . there are songs on this album with good lyrics like 23 hour lock down featuring bun they have come up heaps lyrically on this album . stop the hatin ! ! ! !
2			girl	rich	ones	great	songs	best			i m waiting for to see her live . one of the best songs from the album on the first single . 2 mixes from jacques lu cont are a great 8 minute ones with an 80 s the extended video is soo extraordinary . i have just only two questions , why don not they released this single as a dvd , and why don not they put a b side song on it ? maybe they will on the rich girl single .
2			purchase	great			clock bracelet great purchase . greetings exelente product and magnifies attention from the store thanks kindly domenico pascarella
2			it	heavy	iron	great	i	happy			black and decker d 2030 iron . hi , checked everywhere , this is a top rated item and no one was even close to the price i paid for this any where . it is a great iron , heats quickly , irons well . my only complaint is , it is very heavy when filled completely with water . however , i only fill it half way at a time , so no problem . i am very happy with this purchase .
2			post	previous	work	good	book	awesome	job	great			sweet . this book was awsome . i can not see where a previous post said they got that pj's can do no wrong from the book . i don not think it was the purpose of the book at all . you have to realize that this book is about the pj mission and from thier point of view . michael hirsh did a great job writing this book and telling the stories of our heroes . brothers , keep up the good work .
2			antidote	great	segments	large	books	modern			captivating history . a must read book regarding large segments of us and world history not told in modern history books . american can not remain ignorant and free . this book is a great antidote to ignorance . wonderful book , once you start reading its hard to put down . i m very greatful for this work . even though it was published in 1985 it is still most relevant for todays world .
1			packaging	poor			do not order this ! i have ordered two of these and the first i had to return because it was poorly packaged and i received it creased with a giant crack right down the middle . i reported what happened and amazon replaced it , however , they did not listen to my complaint about the poor packaging and i received the second pad in even worse condition . i finally called amazon and the representative recommended that i buy from somewhere else because he could not guarantee that the third one would not be damaged as well . amazon is the devil .
2			soundtrack	awesome	classics	musical			loved it ! for anyone who loves the musical classics , this movie is a must see . the soundtrack is awesome and the story is very touching . i truly enjoyed this movie .
1			look	bad	material	cheap	look	cheap	price	good			cheap materials . the material is so cheap that it always feels like you are going to rip the case apart every time you open them . good price if you want to archive discs yourself ; if you are creating a product to sell , pass these up . they will make you look bad and or cheap .
2			looks	great	one	scary no	appearance	short	it	enjoyable			the roommate blu ray . a single white female remake / rip off ? yes , it is , but this time it's better . i actually really liked the roommate . yes , it is a very cheesy movie , but it's pretty enjoyable . i like teen screams , even though this one is not very scary . i think teens will like this one . the cast isn not the best , but good enough to keep the movie going , i am a fan of aly michalka , but disappointed with her short appearance and i like most of cam gigadent movies roommate is a winner and looks great on blu ray !
2			experience	frustrating	z	great			two dead palms in two months . i bought the palm z 22 for my husband for christmas . he only had it on 20 minutes while he put in some phone numbers , etc , before it died . he tried to recharge it to no avail . we returned it to amazon who immediately sent another . however , last night , february 19 the palm died again . it will not turn on . my husband is very frustrated as he had put a lot of contact info and meetings on it . when it works , the palm z 22 is great , but our experience has been very frustrating . two that are no good is unbelievable !
2			system	portable	library	small	system	great	system	bad no	system	big	me	wrong	hulk	incredible	itself	big	games	great			a great portable system , but still can not beat gameboy . don not get me wrong , i have always been a sega loyalist and always will be , but the game gear never hit me like the gameboy did . first off the game gear takes more batteries than a gba , not to mention it eats batteries like there is no tomorrow , and the system itself is pretty big for a portable system . other than that there is really nothing wrong with the game gear other than the small game library . you get crisp , colorful graphics , and there are quite a few great games for it like any of the sonic games and there are quite a bit , columns , defenders of oasis , virtua fighter animation , jurassic park , ecco tides of time , the incredible hulk , and mortal kombat 2 all in all , the game gear isn not a bad system at all , but it's still outshined by the gameboy , however at this cheap price having a game gear wouldn not hurt .
2			characters	best	idea	great	one	great	frontier	final	i	interested	names	similar			if you are a rihannsu fan like myself , buy it ! buy this one ! as the rihannsu are my favourite star trek people anyway , i was particularly interested in this book and it's a great one , though it's rather obvious that it was written by the author of final frontier both are about rihannsu commanders turning into traitors and leaving their homeworlds , and even the names are similar ael and t cael . but ael is definitely one of the best characters i have ever met in a star trek book , and the idea of kirk having to let her kidnap his beloved ship is just great . so buy this one and it will give you a lot of insights into the federation's favourite enemy people !
2			songs	catchy	song	new	c	great	music	great	music	new	voice	amazing	c	new			great new music from leann ! what a great new c . d . from leann rimes . it ranges from pop to r&b . the songs are very catchy . my favorites are the new song that everyone should request life goes on , damn , the safest place , and suddenly . even if you are a fan of the country leann , you will still love this c . d . leann's voice is totally amazing ! support leann's new music , buy it today !
1			effects	special	people	smart	characters	stupid	effects	good	writing	bad			not good . awful casting , bad writing , disjointed . watched once that was enough . story doesn not flow characters are incredibly stupid for people who are supposed to be smart . good special effects .
1			it	worst	it	best	crunk	new			somebody spilled their lil jon all over my shadow . when it's at its best , it sounds like the gorillaz on an off day . when it's at it's worst , it could be used to coax osama out of a cave . i thought it was a mistake . i put the cd in and then pulled it out around track 4 to make sure it wasn not a mix up at the factory and i got the new crunk in the trunk mixtape . i look forward to the make up album that should come out soon in an effort to save face .
1			attempt	credible	book	worst	books	terrible			horrid , horrid book . perhaps the worst book i have ever read . i figured that with zelazny's notes to follow , at least a credible attempt would come of it , however i would sooner gouge my eyes out with a dull nail file than read any of betancourt's work again after reading this novel , yes sucker that i was read all three of them to see if it got better , thinking it may have been a buildup to getting into the midset to write about zelazny's creation . trust me folks , dont waste your time or money , search the web for fan art of zelazny's works , and contact zelazny's estate holder and scream bloody murder about greed and terrible books advertising his name .
2			album	entire	musicians	new	r	great			great r & b funk ! if you aren not into this genre then forget about it ! charles and eddie were a pair of new york musicians that were maybe getting airplay with one song . the entire album contains some magically inspiring songs . the caucasian half of the duo passed away years ago , and the other fellow is well retired . they had their day , and they realy could 'shine together !
1			construction	poor	quality	low			poor construction . we purchased this pill organizer after using the same type for a few years . the last one lasted a few years , but this one has started falling apart in one trip . on a few of the pouches , the zipper tab has come out in the fist day of use . i tried to put them back but no poorly built low quality .
2			revenge	marvelous	lyrics	marvelous	voice	big	arrangements	marvelous	lyrics	great			lou pride . this is a fine rnb / blues release by lou pride . he has a big but smooth and soulful voice , great and often very witty lyrics esp revenge and the horn arrangements are marvelous !
2			account	good	aftermath	political	developments	political	light	little	deal	great			david norris . this book is a good anecdotal account of the yom kippur war . it provides a great deal of discussion regarding the persons involved . it is a little light on the overall strategy and political developments surrounding the conflict . unfortunately , it contained no discussion of the political aftermath . all that said , it was well worth reading .
2			books	true	book	great	book	difficult			knowing one of the victims . knowing kevin mark ramsey made reading this book very difficult . i thought it was a great book even if i did through it across the room a few times . i like true crime books and this is one of the best i have read .
2			pop	current	vocals	great	beats	great	grown	cool	she	good			haven not listened to her full album . love her ! she's really good , and she's basically the r and b version of lil mama . i loved promise ring , it had great vocals and great beats . which is something that you rarely hear now a days . i also thought the second single i m grown was really cool as well . this is a must have for any fan of current pop music !
2			tasted	great	price	great			great price and taste . the order came pretty quickly and it tasted great . the only issue was that the bars were melted and had to be put in the freezer to regain their shape .
2			elites	political	symbol	great	model	great			the world according to the king of morality ! a miserable book ! rush limbaugh is a media creation , a puppet figure , and a loud mouth that has been well used by the political elites for years to advance their own agenda . however , they should have hired better writers to write limbaugh's book . it makes you wonder where rush would be without his cue cards , his writers , and his editors , and even with them this book is a flop . limbaugh , the king of morality that preached for years about virtue , conservatism , and the way thing ought to be , somehow was able to find the inner strength and the time to manage as well as to balance his morality with his drug dealings and drug abuse ! ! rush limbaugh is a great role model for the intellectually dishonest , and a great symbol for the mendacious media !
1			waste	total	tape	bad			bad quality vhs tape sent to me . the vhs tape sent to me was bad , bad , bad there was nothing but static . i tried at several intervals , but always got static . there was never any trace of image or sound . a total waste ! nothing much more to be said .
2			buy	great	looks	amazing	height	perfect	monitor	extra			looks amazing and works wonderfully well ! the stand has exactly the look and quality it claims and i expected . it really blends with both my imac and my extra monitor . height is just perfect and lets me store my backup disk or my keyboard was a great buy ! !
1			guys	bad	concerts	live			required reading for the gates / buffet foundation . i hope the folks at the gates foundation have read this book before they embark on spending the $ 30 billion just donated by warren buffet . the charity has to reach grass roots ideas that the disadvantaged can implement on their own and bypass the warlords and dictators . otherwise , we are just lining the pockets of the bad guys and creating ill will and a culture of dependency in the process . the seemingly intractable problems of the third world will not be solved by more live aid concerts but by the intelligent , targeted investment . i want to thank professor easterly for advancing this vital discussion .
2			movie	great	film	greatest	print	ultimate	films	scary	massacre	best			the greatest horror film of all time ! tobe hooper's 1974 landmark masterpiece debut the texas chainsaw massacre is by far the single most influential horror film of all time . this is the holy grail of horror movies ! when i was a kid this movie changed my life , i have been a horror movie addict ever since ! this film is the ultimate blue print on how to make a great horror movie . there are many films that contain much more blood & gore then t . c . m . & to the eye of the beholder there may even be films out there that are more scary then t . c . m . maybe ! ! but what makes this film numero uno of all horror films is simpley the amount of influence it has contributed to the horror world & its this reason & this reason alone that texas chainsaw massacre is the best there was , the best there is & the best there ever will be !
1			pace	visual	belle	best	novel	poor	performance	best			a conceited film , totally disapointing . this film fails because of the perfume ad vision of the director , a poor story novel which the director changed out of all recognition , and actors who completed it in the director's words in just 21 days . colin firth plays himself totally , not a gay man ; julianne moore does her best belle watling , the few other characters are transparent to the extent that the best performance is by the dog ! in a series of confusing flashbacks all the actual action lethargic as it is takes place in 24 hours . the only change of visual pace includes scenes of would eath in snow and almost drowning , and a fire red sky owing much to fargo , not he piano and gone with the wind . as for the music , it's pretentious , saccharin sentimental , and more suited to anna karenina than a film set in california in 1962 don not waste your money . a single man
2			start	great	sequeal	great			funny ! wow ! when you put chris rock and ice cube in one movie you now this is going to be funny ! this is one of the funniest movies you will ever see . a great start to a great sequeal . watch this movie and every friday in the sequeal . highly recommended
2			product	great	mask	effective			great product with only one complaint . this mask is very effective ! keeps almost all the light out a bit gets in through the bottom if it's not sitting right on your nose and is adjustable to fit your head . doesn not put pressure on your eyelids or anything . the only complaint i have is that the edges are wearing and fraying a bit after only a couple weeks of owning it . not sure how long it's going to la st .
2			daughter	old	quality	great			love this movie . i recieved this about two months ago and my 4 year old daughter still wants to watch it everday ! this is my all time favortie movie and now its hers to not to mention its great quality , one of my favorite purchases
2			daughter	old	method	best	cd	great	cd	fabulous			a cure for insomnia . this is fabulous cd for those of us who have problems getting to sleep . i have had sleeping problems for years and this is the best method i have found for falling asleep easily . in addition to that , dr sword has a gifted way of helping you to integrate your personality , and making you better able to be calm , relaxed and effective while going about your daily work . my thirteen year old daughter plays her copy of the cd every night to go to sleep as well ! the second cd , which is purely music with nate middleton's beautiful flute playing , is great to play during the day , and for my daughter's homework . i highly recommend purchasing this cd .
1			movie	bad	seems	important	film	entertaining	it	long	fighting	various			obvious comic book based . this reminds me of batman forever and batman and robin so much . it's so obviuosly based on a comic book , unlike the first film , which is genualy entertaining . this movie is matrix reloaded vs . bad vampire movie . if you liked the first movie , you should see this because the 3 d blade film is coming out soon , and you should probably bridge the gap between this and that . the ending seems important , but the rest is mind numbing . it's overly long also . it drags on from about the middle to the end , despite the various gun firing and fist fighting .
2			advise	practical	advice	good	marriage	strong	life	strong	him	impressive no	it	little	advise	great			some good advice hidden amongst the muck . there are some decent ideas in this book , but it is buried amongst a lot of misguided conceptions about childhood and very little in depth research . in fact , most of rosemond's theories are based on how he survived his childhood , which isn not one i would like to model the way his grandmother and mother raised him is not impressive . because he turned out ok , he suggests all parents ignore their children , put themselves first , and only buy toys that were made in the 1950 . please ! if you can get past his lack of passion for children , there are some morsels that make sense , such as a strong marriage forms the basis of a strong family life , so don not ignore your partner once you have kids . i prefer authors and experts who base their expertise on a few more facts he will quote one study and act like that makes his viewpoint absolute . if you want great practical advise from someone who seems to really love children , read kid cooperation by elizabeth pantley .
1			looked	good	gimmick	bad	i	impressed	thing	good	attack	severe	gimmick	big			this is a gimmick ! when i first learned about the germ guardian , i thought , wow ! i have just got to have it ! the manufacturers claimed that it was tested and found effective by the harvard school of public health so i was impressed and ordered it . it turned out to be a slick looking product , space age and all and it looked good in the house but unfortunately , that's the only good thing i can say about it because after 5 days , my sneezing i have allergic rhinitis was no better , i felt the same as i did before it arrived and then , one day , i came down with an absolutely severe allergic attack and this thing did absolutely , 100 nothing ! so i have sent it back for refund . i don not recommend it at all and i feel that the whole thing is just a big bad gimmick .
1			script	bad	directing	bad	acting	bad	production	bad			garbage . bad script . bad acting . bad directing . bad production . just plain anyone who thinks this piece of trash deserves one look , consider this would you want your life story told by a disgruntled ex spouse and a liar accountant ?
2			it	good	it	great			historically enlightened . ok , a history text of this length is a challenge . but the depth & scope are so thoughtfully displayed it creates a sense that there is indeed actually some pattern amidst the chaos & , legacy and self examination often become overwhelming . this book cuts through the bog of self doubt and frustration . it provides a path thru the journey of who we are and where we are going by clearing discussing where we have been . i know it's good , when i find myself picking it up to browse again and again . i know it's great when i am compelled to recommend it to others .
2			courses	great	drawback	major	speakers	native no			many drawbacks . i found the pace to be extremely slow and mr thomas voice soporific . another major drawback is that the student voices are not native speakers . there are a great many other slow paced courses , such as living language , which i think are far superior .
2			it	awesome			what i think of the movie youngblood . i saw this movie a loooonnnggg time ago , i thought it was awesome then , and seeing it took me back to my hockey years . still awesome !
1			terrible	terrible	complaint	biggest	backlight	stupid	tv	great no	issues	terrible			not a great tv . my biggest complaint about this tv is that it has terrible backlight issues on all four sides of the screen . it is gets really annoying seeing the white haze only pro to this tv for me was that it outputs to 1080 for the ps 3 like one of the reviewers stated above . however , it doesn not help when you are playing a game and notice that stupid backlight . terrible , just terrible ! i returned this to best buy .
1			news	exciting	movie	worst			worst movie ever . this is the worst movie i have ever watched . turned it off in 15 minutes , knew at the start this would be bad but still gave it a chance to no avail . save yourself time , even the news is more exciting / interesting than this movie .
1			cd	bad	you	interested	song	good	songs	good	i	worried			this album . this cd just plain . i liked his first one but this was a bad cd . the only good song on the cd is track 16 1 . justin timburlake is a piece of . why the . does nelly work with him ? i have the st lunatics cd and i thought it was alright , there were some good songs on i , but this was horrible . i was kinda worried before i bought this cd that it wouldn not be as good as his first and now i realized i shouldn not have wasted my money on this album . if you are interested in buying this cd , don not . if you liked his first one , you will be disapointed with this .
2			tidbits	funny	breaks	short	design	graphic	material	visual	book	great			stimulating source of countless pieces of reading material . this is a great book to read during short breaks , coffee in the morning , or just simply bored . it took me a long time to read through all the pages . inside are funny , serious , and mind boggling tidbits of intensely stimulating reading and visual material . watch out however , the size and weight of this book is not for the light hearted . i found out about alan fletcher after he passed away which was unfortunate because he was truly a respectable and admirable professional in the world of graphic design .
2			i	concerned	sales	terrible	count	negative	films	great			dirty thievses . i totally agree with the reviews on the site . the studio is ripping off people and they have no right to do this . if i could give this release a negative star count on here i would because as far as i m concerned , they are destroying the reputation of the otherwise great films by trying to con us into buying 2 copies of the blueray release . i m almost tempted to download it when it comes out now just to spite them . i have bought all the releases in the past and then the boxset . then went on to upgrade the boxset to the extended versions and even bought them on hddvd for crying out loud , and this is how they repay me ! it's an outrage and i hope the sales are terrible ! swines .
2			chucks	awesome			chucks are always awesome . chucks are always awesome and this one came in an awesome condition ! my only qualm about this line of converse is that it provides no support as do most converse .
2			buy	great			great buy . my wife and i used cannon in d as our wedding processional . we love the cd , we play it all the time .
2			product	little	hook	little	price	good	light	little	light	great			really good ! a great little light for quick under the hood jobs when pulling out the drop light is just too much trouble . support keeps it from rolling away unlike a flashlight and adjusts to put light where you want it . also the little pop up hook is real handy . cool little product at a good price .
1			news	bad			bad news . i got what i payed for . a cheap camera that does your money , it not even worth one star .
2			things	great	circle	small			poorly executed waffle iron . we have tried two of these waffle irons with a third one on the way . the first one cooked extremely poorly in some areas and hardly at all in other sections . while the waffle iron had four squares , it seemed that the heating element covered only a small circle in the middle . the second iron was a slight improvement , but still inadequate with the heating element limited to a circle . we await using the third waffle iron , but do not expect great things . the manufacturer has been cooperative in responding to our disappointment .
2			book	great			great book ! perfect book for someone who works with people internationally , or simply people from another culture . i am reading it for school and am already applying it to my everyday interactions .
2			money	little	tub	great			great tub . i got this tub a few days ago . and i used it for the first time today . i love how it works , and i will be able to use it for a long time . i like how its able to fold up , so that i can put it under my babys crib . its a great tub for little money .
2			episodes	next	episode	great			great episode . if you only watch a handful of next gen episodes , the best of both worlds part 1 and 2 are the way to go .
2			product	great	out	good			great product . bought this to make perpetual calendars . stood up pretty well , is starting to shred a little but i gave it a pretty good work out .
1			dolls	appropriate no	brand	worst			ugh . mattel is the worst brand ever . these dolls r so inappropriate ! do not by these dolls the belong in casino dancing in las vegas !
2			start	great	journey	personal	intelligence	financial			a great start ! this book is well written for the person who is beginning their personal journey to financial intelligence to gain financial to understand examples and illustrations are provided to help learn a concept . i have started applying everything i have learn ed from reading this book and will go on to read the other books referenced throughout this book . i have also started sharing the information i learned from reading this book with my children and their friends .
2			way	best	comedy	great	jokes	gross	actors	great	cast	great			great comedy from before foul language . this movie has always been a favorite of mine . i originally saw it when it came out , and remember all the crazy stuff that went on . later it became a thing where we would rent it every so often and watch it , waiting for certain parts . it draws on a great cast , a strange script , and sets that fit the storys mood . its a film that would never be made today because they would never bring in so many great actors , and hire a top notch screenplay writer . its easier now to just get one known actor , or a script that relies on foul language and gross jokes with whoever starring in it . i enjoy that type of movie too , but this is not like that . this is a fun movie , thats the best way to describe it .
2			extras	great	fan	big	one	next	stuff	great			loved it ! i saw this in the theatre in 3 and now own the triple disc dvd set ; i m a big fan of green lantern , and i m looking forward to the next one , and hopefully a justice league of america film as well ! great stuff , great extras on this 3 disc set !
1			prices	reasonable	tools	reliable	sweat	worst	casting	terrible			what was stanley thinking . i m a pro carpenter and wanted to replace a stanley hammer i lo st this isn not it . terrible casting of the head , completely out of balance and generally looks like something out of the worst sweat shops in china , with varnish slathered all over it . i have gone and still go to stanley when i want reliable tools at reasonable prices like tape measures , but this is a product stanley should abandon or fix .
2			product	superior	fingerpicks	traditional	seem	natural	quality	great	packaging	good			love them ! everything ii hoped , i wasn not making headway with traditional fingerpicks , these seem much more natural . great quality , good packaging and a superior product .
2			guide	complete	guide	great	asset	tremendous			great guide ! this was purchased as a gift for my father in law , as he is working on a restoration project . from my discussions with him , this guide has been a tremendous asset to him . there are a few instances where oem part numbers are not used , but the guide is complete with wiring diagrams as well as schematics and awesome pictures to guide you through repairs and replacements .
2			drummers	best	iyabo	great	musicians	great			latin jazz fusion . killer latin jazz fusion from great musicians / he also has another cd called iyabo that is great too ! one of the best cuban drummers on the scene !
2			site	clear	distance	good	binoculars	fantastic			celestron skymaster . the binoculars are fantastic . the site is clear and distance is good . the weight can be an issue if you do not have a steady hand or holding it for a long streatch of time . i would recomend the skymaster .
1			douglas	good	way	bad	film	mysterious	job	good	movie	weak			this was a thriller ? too a bad way . this film was not thrilling or mysterious at all . douglas did a good job as always and murphy was quite good and always . other than weak movie . the trailer was better than the film .
2			brethren	legal	spitzer	new	conflicts	major	kickin	new	attitude	personal	spitzer	general	kickin	good	book	great			great , great book about those lovely bubble years $$$$$ ! ! i love how blood on the street starts with a description of jeff liddle , one of the legal brethren who embodies my personal attitude about litigation treat your opponent like a filthy pig , and step on his neck until he squeals . liddle knows the law , and has a field day with shareholder suits against poorly managed wall street firms , which allowed major conflicts of interest to grow among their ranks in pursuit of dot com wealth . author charles gasparino provides a riveting account of how the research function become corrupted at merrill lynch and salomon smith barney , and how new york attorney general eliot spitzer gave the masters of the universe a good , new york city ash kickin .
2			novel	great	heels	high	york	new			fashionable city girls will love this book . great first novel . i felt as if i were in new york trying to hail a cab in high heels while i was reading it . if the fast paced art scene of chelsea interests you , you are in luck . mia mcmurray is a lovable heroine and the plot makes the book hard to put down . mystery / fashion / art how can you go wrong ? there is a definite sex in the city feel to it .
1			basis	regular	binding	bad			bad binding . this book has fallen apart from day one . it was a christmas gift and my daughter has cried about it falling apaprt on a regular basis . i worked in a library and know how to repair books but this falls apart more than i can keep up with . nick jr and simon spotlight publishers need to get better glue and binding equipment , i have had a pad of construction paper that stayed together better than this book .
2			waffles	great	maker	old	it	great	waffles	nice	one	new	one	old			great waffles . i am a lover of nice crisp waffles . my old waffle maker quit and i had difficulty finding a new one but amazon provided me with the one i wanted . it is great , better than the old one .
2			capacity	low	issue	important	film	great	fuzz	hot			god . i see a lot of movies . this is one of the wor st let me put it at this if you like this , much like if you are a fan of disaster movie , epic movie , bucky larson , jack and jill , meet the spartans , etc you are an idiot . your brain capacity is too low to handle funny comedy , and i think that this is a seriously important issue , that there are people out there not smart enough to enjoy shaun of the dead and hot fuzz . everybody who likes this movie is an idiot , and you need to stop watching movies until you are forced to see the godfather so many times that the definition of a great film is implanted inside your brain .
2			way	great	kids	interested	children	interested			what a great way to get children interested in reading . yes , a video that gets kids interested in reading ! what a clever way to show kids how stoies come alive when you read them . another wonerful video from an excellent series .
2			game	great	game	best			best game i ever played . phantasmagoria is a great game , i definely say get this one , it might be alittle older , but since its release four years ago , i havent found a better game yet !
2			singer	great	material	great	song	great	country	new	country	hot			yuch . hot new country . tim mcgraw . the great singer , not to mention equally adept at selecting great material . who could ever forget that great , great song i like it , i love it , i want more of it ? what lyrics ! ! did hank williams write that , by any chance ?
2			use	old	price	great			gift wrap tape . great price for invisible scotch tape ; nice to have three in a pack and holders that withstand the use of a four year old as well as an adult gift wrapper .
1			dupin	crazy	boy	poor	book	good			good book . i liked this book because it was encouereging tokeep reading . every chapter ave you another clue or two to solve the mystery of where this poor boy named edmund's mother step father aunt and sis . he is running around town trying to get someone to help but no one will exept this one man named dupin . he is atually named poe as edmund finds out later in the book . then he dupin finds out that dupin is crazy and he is writing a book of edmunds life and he thinks that everyone around him are just fictional characters of his story . if he ever founds he finds his mum sister an hi aunt you will have to find out yourself
2			collection	great			great collection . this is a great collection of music . it has the variety of instrumentals and vocals . it has all the songs my fiance and i want to use in our wedding . perfect !
1			book	worst	book	useful	dud	total	dba	experienced			possibly the worstbook ever . this is possibly the worst book in this category i have ever seen . i m an experienced sqlserver dba and thought this book would be fairly useful as a starting place for getting into oracle . its a total dud . it looks like the authors have picked a whole bunch of random bullet points out of the oracle help files and thrown them together with a mild semblance of organisation . i would bet that a would ummies book would be better ! ! ! ! !
1			part	worst	problem	active			lousy non existent customer support . the fact that this is sold at frys electronics should have made it suspect to begin with . the installation disk bombed out on the first computer because of an active x problem . i did get the software installed on a second machine . but there is no way to add a user that button is grayed out . but the worst part is the non existent customer support . maybe they shut down over the period between christmas and new years , but if so you would thing at least one person in the company would have thought to record this message . two days during normal business hours according to them and nothing . even their sales offices are advice stay away from this product and anything else ads tech is peddling .
2			comic	fantastic	video	worth	audience	live			brilliant retrun to stand up . after two years away from the stand up tour john pinette marks hit return with a hilarious performance in if even if you have never heard of john pinette's work this video is worth the purchase as i believe you will watch it more than once and be letting your friends in on this fantastic comic . pinette's comedic sense of timing , and his ability to say things it seems we all think about put him in the same class as such greats as robin williams , jonathan winters , or george plays not only to his live audience but to the camera as well brining you a little closer to his world , this performance is a real fun ride please enjoy .
2			calculator	great			business calc . this is a great calculator and i really suggest any college student majoring in business to buy this calculator . if you can learn to use it , it will make work much easier .
2			bang	great	sharpness	amazing	range	comparable	colors	amazing	projector	fantastic			wow ! great bang for the buck . this projector is fantastic . i wasn not sure about the acer name for projectors , but the picture blows me away . i previously owned a xga benq pb 6200 it didn not have an hdmi input , so i had to use the vga to component adapter for hd content . using the hdmi , this picture is so much clearer . the colors and the sharpness are amazing . it doesn not have a lot of lumens , so it is better for darker roo ms i recommend this for any home enthusia st it is much better than a xga projector in the comparable price range .
1			film	particular	quality	poor	quality	old	film	old			old poor quality . the particular film ordered was old and produced a poor quality finished product . the age of the film was not given . to have known the expiration date would have been helpful . the lack of transparency regarding this product is troubling .
2			examples	different	tool	great			great tool for parents . i teach sign classes for parents and their babies . this video is a great tool for parents to reinforce and practice the signs they learn in my class . the visuals do a wonderful job of keeping babies attention . i also like that each sign is repeated 3 times with different photo examples of each . i recommend this video to any parent who wants to enrich and enhance communication with their child .
1			movie	bad	costumes	good	sets	good	humor	appropriate no	character	best	meyers	funny	cartoon	bad	it	bad	it	hard			absolutely awful . it's hard to understand how so many talented people can spend so much time , effort and money to create such a bad movie . no only was it not funny , it wasn not even fun . the sets and costumes are pretty good , but that's about it . the best character was the fish , but we only get to see him crude humor was entirely inappropriate for a film based on a dr suess book and billed as a something for kids . can not mike meyers at least try to be funny without resorting to toilet humor and innuendo ? this movie is like a really bad , boring cartoon . it's too bad they didn not do better .
2			thing	good	readings	high	thing	great	cuff	manual			bp monitor not up to par . after using this product for about a month and a half , i began to get very high blood pressure readings 157 106 . my doctor took my bp on the same day and got 130 80 which i also got with my manual cuff . i find that this machine tends to show a rapid pulse as only good thing about it is that you don not have to record your readings manually . if they calibrate the machine properly , it would be a great thing , but i wasted my money .
2			it	short	book	little	one	short	book	great			a great book and a short one . the unofficial companion guide to the man kzin wars is based on the first eight books . a fully illustrated book , with character bios , alien breakdowns , maps , timeline and observations of kzinti behavior . this book is a great little book for any fan of the man kzin wars or any fan of larry niven's known space stories . i held back one star because it was so short ! i wanted more !
2			gift	great	book	great			great book ! we love this book ! great gift for girls of all ages ! it is more about the princess inside of you then about being into frills , lace , and fairies . so cute and funny !
1			crime	true	guns	new	things	bad	game	enjoyable	guys	bad	guns	big	missions	easy	game	great			true crime great ! i just picked up my copy of true crime and i am having a blast with it ! this game is not a vice city beater . although the game has a lot of cool features like double guns , unlockable cars , new guns , and kung fu moves , plus there are plenty of missions . the bad things that makes this game a bit below vice is the though it is not as resonsive , you will get used to it . also the missions are way too easy ! also the missions are very repeative like chasing a dude , or a brawl with some pissed off people , or blowing away the bad guys with a bunch of big guns . the game is still very enjoyable and i would recommend to any gta fan out there who are looking for a great holiday game !
2			movie	great	explanation	good	looks	original	i	excited			great movie , dvd anything but ! i was so excited to see that this movie was going to be released . i had not seen the original but read everywhere that it was done horribly . i cannot imagine what the original looks like if this was supposed to be an upgrade . i am so dissappointed with the quality , both video and audio . the audio is out of sync and words never match with lip movement . you also can see throughout the movie lines of resolution moving and some inanimate objects jump around . i don not know if the problem lies with l marketing or the source tapes weren not that great . i understand that pacific family entertainment owns the right to other fil ms i m going to be very hesitant to purchase anything from them in the future . unless they have a good explanation for why this dvd looks and sounds so poorly .
2			installation	easy	mirror	great	bicycle	great	they	hard			great bicycle mirror . this is a great bicycle mirror , and if you ride in traffic an invaluable safety feature . installation is easy but read the instructions first ! the screws have a locking feature so they are very hard to turn . use an appropriately sized screwdriver , installing the assembled unit as the last step in the process . tighten the screws just tight enough so that the unit can be adjusted following installation , but not loose enough that bumps will are adjust its position .
2			it	great			it's cheesieness is what makes it . we loved this movie . not because it was great , but because it made us laugh . it's certainly not a cinematic masterpiece , but it's cheesy and we dig that . we didn not take it as even trying to be a serious comic book movie . of course we are not avid comic bookers , nor had any of us even heard of the book that this was adapted from . i thought it was supposed to kind of be a spoof on superhero moviesall in all maybe what sold me was cindy collins . as the mother of a 6 year old , who has a wide aray of costumes for every occasion , her character cracked me up .
1			parts	available	design	poor	rings	small	movement	electronic	they	hard			this broke down in the first 3 weeks of use . bad moving mechanism for the head . this item broke down just after 3 weeks of usage . it uses two small o rings as belts on the plastic pulleys that rotate the head . this is very poor quality design and also it cannot be repaired because no parts are available , the o rings wear off in a short time , you cannot find the replacements and even if you do they are very hard to the money on the fancy electronic movement and just buy one that moves the head with the is sure a waste of money to buy this summarize , it is just a piece of crap . f . g .
2			world	free	form	different	leader	great			hands across the pond , sir ! smashingly delightful . sir churchhill continues to be denied his fulll measure in history , but this movie helps us understand him better . after all , even the british can be human . the free world owes very much to this great leader , who warned us all of the iron curtain that continues in a different form even today . god love you , winnie .
2			cd	suck	arrangment	tired	they	great	skills	incredible	lyrics	tired			oh beyonce , where's the magic touch u once had ? since beyonce started writing songs for destiny's child and her solo cd it seemed she could not be stopped . her pen skills were incredible during those times . in this latest effort it seems that she has dried out a little . the music sounds ok but the lyrics and arrangment are a bit tired and sounds like every other cheap production out there . for a cd with only 10 songs they should have all been great but not really . it kinda makes sense that this cd would suck since the last destiny album did . hopefully next time she will spend more time writing instead of coming up with dumb dance moves and using janet's left over moves .
1			sw	bad	rubbish	bad	sw	nice			dave's 10 ec review nice maps , criminally bad sw . if you want 1 24 000 topographic maps of oregon , or just about any other state , this is your only option . too bad the software mac is utter rubbish , criminally bad for a $ 100 product . user experience is inconsistent and often illogical , crashes , near neglibile updates last few years , read the other reviews they are if you want the maps you have to buy , just prepare for using it to make you cry .
2			role	significant	read	great			good read . when god becomes apparent is a great read and very insightful in how god plays such a significant role in your life growing up .
2			it	easy	book	great			great herb book . this is the most helpful book for beginners wanting to know how to use herbs for their children . it's very easy to understand and gives options without being overwhelming . a book that helps you believe that you can do it .
2			watch	basic	price	great	watch	easy	watch	functional	school	high			casio men's f 91 -1 watch . great price for a basic , easy to use functional watch . used for training with high school cross country team when doing timed runs / track workouts .
1			i	disappointed	model	difficult	view	realistic	mode	realistic	game	frustrating	life	real	planes	real	it	bad			frustrating game . this game is frustrating , it seems to be a very elaborate game . but compared to the other games like fighter ace , the plane model is way too difficult . i fly real planes and i have trouble taking off from this game without damaging the planes . also from the time i was flying there does not seem to be a lot of people , there is only cockpit view , which is realistic . but fighter ace at least give you the options of flying in arcade mode just to have fun or realistic mode to emulate real life . being a fighter ace user wanting to check the other game out , i am disappointed and don not understand what the concept is . it is too bad since they seem to have put a lot of effort in the game and in marketing .
1			investment	worst			not impressed . i purchased the dr scholls pedicure device to remove callouses and it was the worst investment i ever made . i only wish i could get my money back . the sander doesn not remove rough skin at all . you would accomplish as much rubbing a cotton ball over your feet .
1			reviews	right	movie	crappy	keaton	poor			damn you mgm . yeah the reviews below are right . poor keaton . this was really really really sad to watch . if you are a fan of buster you will know that this wasn not his doing and full responsibilty for this incredibly crappy movie is mgm . if you ever get your hands on it just burn it and run away .
2			illustration	fantastic	language	visual			fantastic illustration of the principles of visual language . this book provides an in depth illustration of the principles of visual language . a must read for anyone in the design field or corporate communications , in order to understand how to acheive a seamless identity across all mediu ms very well written , great for those who have never worked with designers to explain why so much time is spent determining the visual language mood boards , tone of voice , etc before concepting is begun . also good for designers who must articulate their process and build the argument supporting their concepts .
1			reviewer	previous	stars	negative	anime	bad			it's a one star because they do not have negative stars . this was just as bad if not worse than the first season of dark angel . i know it's improper to mix genres like that , but this anime was just plain bad . the plot is insipid and like a previous reviewer stated , i will watch anything with fan service . although this show had an abundance of fan service , i could not bear anymore half way through disc two . most of the characters are contemptuous if not down right detestable and the plot is lacking severely . please do yourselves a favor and avoid this anime like the plague .
2			book	great	souce	good			visualization self help . this is a great book on visualization and is a good souce of learning to calm yourself with visualization . and easy book to read and understand .
1			glue	nice	it	bad	helmet	worst			worst helmet i ever bought . in 40 years . i have been riding bicycles and motorcycles for the past 40 years , wearing all sorts of helmets . just recently got into inline skating and bought my first protec helmet with the skates . apparently , someone at protec forgot that 1 helmets get hot , 2 people sweat , and 3 the glue holding the lining and the padding and the helmet together needs to be store selling these helmets needs to have their hr manager write up the irresponsible buyers who would put this piece of garbage in their inventory . yes , it's that bad . if you buy this thing , be prepared to find some nice waterproof glue and reassemble your helmet when it starts coming apart . and it will come apart . unless you are an alien with no sweat glands .
2			lights	great	light	limited			lights don not work well . returned all four . i have these kind of solar lights from another company that has been discontinued . they still work after two years . the gamasonic lights never worked properly . the auto switch must be clicked on and off and on each night to get very limited light . a shame . i hope they improve the product one day . as solar lights are great when they work . the do not .
2			it	perfect	fee	small	episode	available	episode	amazing	streaming	great	while	great			oh man . season 4 is getting great ! as for the amazing available episode it is very convenient to have any episode available at a moments notice for a small fee . it is perfect for when we miss an episode every once in a great while . the streaming was great and while there was an advertisement , it was just one .
1			conceit	main	life	stable	life	bad	case	good	point	visual	thing	bad	kind	bad			an unconvincing film . pleasantville is well done from a strictly visual point of view , but it doesn not make a good case for its main conceit that a pleasantly stable life is an unfulfilling one . i kept watching the movie thinking , why is this such a bad thing ? not that i favor all the details about the caricatures presented ; i have no interest in seeing mothers cooped up in the kitchen , for instance , especially since i would rather cook for myself . and the town's implied racism certainly has appeal for the movie's theme has more to do with tone , rather than specifics . pleasantville would have you believe that a pleasant life is bad , but generally speaking , the atmosphere of the town portrayed in the movie seemed very appealing to me . i can not figure out why that kind of overall climate is bad , details notwithstanding . and if you can not buy into the film's premise , you can not enjoy this movie .
2			book	great			motel of the mysteries . great and interesting book for adolescents ! i would highly recommend this book because it will keep you on the edge of your seats .
2			scenes	great	effects	special	plot	predictable	candy	great			great eye candy , but compares poorly to the first one . no surprises left , and a highly predictable plot . but great action scenes and spectacular special effects . tires hard to reinvigorate the first episode , but lacks the suspense and drama . my 8 years olds got a kick out of it . i got bored .
2			policy	great			got these for xmas 2012 . just got this today . one side of the headphone does not work . i am returning this today with amazon's great return policy . read the reviews , buyer beware . need i say more ?
1			phone	worst	cingular	suck	service	suck			worst phone ever . i got this sony ericsson z 520 phone a year back and already had 3 changes with cingular . it freezes all the time & we had the most dropped calls ever cingular sucks . we had previously had two phones with the screen losing half of the pixels with white bars and got exchanged . even now one of my phones has lost the pixels but sony won not do anything , their customer service sucks ! i agree with all other reviewers that this is the worst phone ever !
2			scenes	great	part	small	job	great	thing	real			western review duel at diablo . duel at diablowatching western movies over the years on television . i find that i never see the whole movie when presented . i have been picking up videos that i enjoyed and reviewing them again . this time seeing the whole movie . this film story took a small part of life from our history and shown how we were at that time . the actors and director did great job in capturing the spirit of history in that time . the scenes of the western landscape are great . there's not that many western movies that show the real thing .
2			one	great	one	next	book	great			the princess diaries . this was a great book . i loved it . it is a book for girls that think they could never be anything . i really loved this book and i think that the next one the princess diaries , volume ii will be just as great .
2			quality	good no	software	educational	goal	great	theme	good	quality	low			good theme , low quality software . the goal behind this software is great . we bought this to give our computer savvy child some practice on writing and language art . the software is not of good quality . it has hard to use user interface . especially compared to other educational software , this lacks the finish . my son soon got bored and has never used this .
1			use	impressive	reading	definitive	point	low	it	bad	influence	significant	rays	original			a dying music . this is undoubtedly mike brecker's strongest album . and it's pretty bad . sure , it has its moments . but throughout the album his feeble tone , annoying inflections , and clichd delivery bring things down . a low point is original rays . while his use of the ewi is technically impressive , the song itself is one of the most irritating i have ever heard in a jazz context . of the sidemen , all are okay except pat metheny , who is criminally underused . a fine example of what might have been is the haunting don grolnick ballad the cost of living , here given what is thought of as its definitive reading . to gain an idea of just how uneffective a song it is , listen to grolnick's own arrangement which was a bass clarinet feature for the brilliant marty ehrlich , a player who could run circles around mike brecker while in a coma . overall , this is an album that has done as much harm through its significant influence as it's done good .
2			i	surprised	thriller	fantastic	movie	fantastic			fantastic thriller ! i won not go in to too much detail on the plot since that has already been covered on here . i just want to take a couple of minutes to help nudge you in the right direction if you are thinking about buying / renting this movie . it is just a fantastic movie ! very well acted and suspenseful , i was on the edge of my seat the whole time . it is also unforgivably violent and gory . all you gore hounds out there will be satisfied . take it from a long time horror movie fan , this is a must see film . although it is technically a remake , it stands on it's own . i am very pleasantly surprised .
2			it	confusing	book	hard	you	good	it	long	book	great			it was confusing and long . a tale of two cities for me was a very hard book to be caught up in . after a while the book became long , boring and tiresome to read . even though dickens capture of the revolution does make you think you are there it just never really got my attention as something really good to read . if you like dickens i m sure it would be a great book you wouldn not wanna put down but if you aren not really fond of dickens work i wouldn not recommend reading it , unless you need to
2			phone	great	construction	solid	phone	little			great little phone . this was a gift for fathers day 2 more than 2 years ago . it has been a great phone . i have been able to use it in the us , europe and the caribbean . what i like most is the solid construction . i am prone to drop things . this phone has taken much abuse and it hasn not missed a beat . if you want something dependable and don not need any fancy gadgets i rarely use the camera you can not go wrong with this one .
1			mess	hate	coffee	poor	black	true			yuck . i bought this machine because i love coffee but hate the mess and time that it takes to make it . and , i just happen to love gadgets that are supposed to make your life easier . but true to form this machine by black & decker was very loud and poorly constructed . for example , the handle is cheap plastic and i was afraid that it would snap off each time i used the machine . the coffee was nothing to brag about you love poor quality coffee that is made by a cheaply made machine then you won not be disappointed . i am going to try a senseo and hope for much better results .
1			star	generous	book	worst	devices	good	textbooks	good			1 star is generous . this book is the worst programming book i have ever read . i get much more out of the o are illy books , sam's teach yourself series , peachpit press , etc . there are so many other options than this . still , professors have a tendency to recommend books that make good textbooks not necessarily good learning devices . that's the only reason my professor selected this . that and he knew the authors . i encourage you to look elsewhere unless it is required .
2			anything	believable no	compassion	strong	anything	interesting no	it	unbelievable	books	great			skip it . worthless especially to fans of the actor . this is really badly written and quite stupid . even if some of this stuff is true , it was a waste of time writing it . it is just unbelievable . i bought the book because i was fascinated by rickman's three dimensional portrayal of snape in the harry potter movies . the books are great . and the character if wonderful to read . on film i really feel a strong compassion for snape . i was hoping to get some insights into how an ugly , mean character can become so attractive . there wasn not anything remotely interesting or believable in this book .
2			bit	heavy	bag	great	pockets	tight	bag	attractive	feels	heavy	protection	good			tight side compartments but great bag . this is a well made and attractive bag , and at a terrific price here on clearance . officemax has it at $ 49.95 . the side pockets are tight for my 70 -300 zoom lens and offer reduced protection . my canon 430 x flash fits but tight there . bag feels a bit top heavy , but that doesn not bother me . i mainly use it as my second bag with just my canon digital rebel . offers good protection and reasonably light weight .
2			welcome	similar	one	helpful	looks	great	it	fun	instructions	clear			inspiring book ! i checked this book out from the library and loved it so much i m ordering a copy for myself . i just started making collages and have bought several other books to learn techniques but this one has been the most helpful for a beginner . i have already started making a beachy themed welcome plaque similar to the one in the book . the author's instructions are clear and concise enough for even a beginner to make the project easily using the materials i have on hand . i especially love the author's instructions about dump art it's fun to do and looks great on the plaque .
2			quality	clear	value	great	quality	good			good clear quality loupe for price . good clear quality loupe for price . construction could be better , but its a great value for the price .
2			service	great	lens	great			great lens . great lens , gives me more opportunities to work with light on my ter ms product arrived without delay . great service !
2			show	great	collection	great			best show ever . dog the bounty hunter is such a great show . the best of season 1 and 2 are a great collection . although not all the episodes are included , it is still a great collection for people who love the show .
1			item	wrong	experience	bad	stop	commercial	product	wrong			amazon plays wiki catalog with merchants pictures . i bought this item twice and received the wrong item each time , thru no fault of the merchant . amazon merged the incorect listings a 4 hole commercial stop with a 3 hole wood door stop . creating a bad customer and merchant experience when the wrong product was delivered . shame on you amazon , quit playing constantly changing wiki products .
1			it	worth no	joke	bad			so predictable and very insulting . please save your money it is not worth purchasing . this movie was an embarrassment to feminists and lesbians alike , and to think this movie was suppose to be from the same producers and writers who made but i m a cheerleader and swore this was better writing than that movie were telling a bad joke . it does though have cameos from a few of the actors from but i m a cheerleader , nonetheless , this movie was nothing if not less funny . not to mention it insulted my intelligence .
2			volume	final	britain	great	style	different	novel	boring	story	good	government	best	it	best			highly recommended . after reading all six of the jungle novels , i have been trying to decide which novel was meant to be read first , government or the carreta . looking at the publishing history , i saw that in germany , great britain and the the united states traven had always published the carreta fir st but despite that i really think that government is the best of the series to read first , because it best describes the system of debt slavery in mexico that is the setting for what follows in the other 's not to say that the novel is boring . quite the opposite . it's a fascinating page turner , as are all the novels in this series . in fact , this is the strangest and most unexpected series of novels i have ever read , and when i put down the final volume i couldn not help but compare it favorably to alexander dumas . the style is very different , but the story is that good , and that well i won not bore you with my opinion . it's best to let the books speak for themselves . highly recommended .
2			quality	great	booklet	original	campaign	fun			perfect condition , fun game ! the game was in great quality ! the disc was in perfect condition , i didn not see a scratch on it , and it game with the original game booklet and case , both in perfect condition as well ! the game is alright , the campaign is bogus but online is pretty fun ! you could probably get 30 -40 hours of gameplay out of this , maybe more if you like intense fps games ! i would definitely buy again from this seller !
1			it	right	buy	good no	regions	black	pixels	bad	tuner	awful	tuner	bad			dead pixels , bad tuner . the tuner on my lcd is awful . white stripes going across the screen all the time . it delivers the same result using the composite signal a / v . using the component cr , cb , y gives a decent image only , but it is not hdtv , so forget about the progressive scan dvd players . it will work as a computer monitor only if your video card detects it right , otherwise you will end up with black lateral regions without image . not a good buy . moreover , the company will only exchange the monitor for you if you have more than 3 dead pixels . mine came with 4 to 6 bad pixels lucky me ! absurd !
2			it	pleasant	son	old	it	fun	puzzle	great			great puzzle . my 5 yr old son received it as a christmas gift . my son always likes puzzles . he needs some help in the first few times . after that , he memorizes all the locations and did it himself . i think for a 5 yr old , the kid needs to have some patience to put together a 100 piece . the puzzle itself is very well made with beautiful colors . it's fun to play with and pleasant to look at . recommended .
2			music	great	videos	great			great . not only is the music great , but the videos are great also . inventive with excellent production .
2			album	great	fey	little	voice	sexy	voice	rich			great sexy album . i got a copy of this album on a whim . part of me dreaded that he would end up sounding . . to be blunt . a little fey . couldn not be further from the truth . his voice is rich and sexy . a country style tone pervades and just adds to the overall effect . what started as a whim has become a regular in our cd tray . i so hope that he records again . his version of son of a preacher man is the sexiest that i have heard
1			revits	solid	description	poor			question . i need to know if these are solid revits . poor description . are they suitable for aluminum boat repairs ? no contact us feature .
1			support	bad	strategy	new	customer	bad	driver	good			bad customer support . after 2 calls to india and three emails requesting a good driver . i give up . their support is so bad that i was unable to convince them that the last two emails that they sent me did not have an attachment . i guess arguing with the customer is there new strategy .
2			successes	great	virtuoso	outstanding	sample	little	universe	broad	successes	musical	selection	available			the white trumpet contender respect miles davis ! the story of the jazz in the fifties certainly would be remain unfinished without the ominous presence of this outstanding virtuoso . baker sound still possesses this alluring hook , this magnetic engagement charm , eloquent expressiveness , enrapturing lyricism and contagious rhythm , despite the elapsed time , which confirms by itself the status of his selection is jus a little sample of the broad universe of his genius . a well thought selection of great musical successes , available , preserved and immortalized by the digital technology for our future enjoyment . absolutely indispensable in your treasured collection .
2			fighting	great	fight	fantastic	jr	boring	it	great			extreme fighting was great . this was the first extreme fighting championship and it was great . most of the fights are fast and good except the clarson gracie , jr vs john lewis which was boring . marcus conan silveria was 10 times better in this than ultimate see igor zinoviev before his ufc 16 middleweight title match with frank shamrock because his middleweight tournament final with mario sperry was a fantastic fight . i recommand this tape for people who like the ufc and super brawl tapes and want to see what extreme fighting was .
2			job	great			love the patchouli ! i love this soap and so does my husband . we use it for hand soap and it does a great job and love the smell !
2			daughter	excited	sense	great	acting	horrible	movie	horrible			horrible . horrible movie . horrible acting . my daughter was very excited about receiving this movie as a present and ended up very very disappointed . not worth purchasing at all . we never laughed , and we have a great sense of humor . generally my daughter loves this type of movie , but would not recommend it all . again , very disappointed !
2			thought	little	thought	great	venture	new			good read . this is a great little book thought provoking , entertaining , and with insights into human nature . i will be reading it again periodically to keep myself motivated in my new business venture .
2			printer	little	printer	great	you	ok			not for windows me . this is a great little printer , but be forewarned . if you want to use it with a pc , there are two discs that come with it . one is labeled vista , the other 98 me , 2000 xp . i have an me pc . when i tried to load the me disc , it said it requires xp . so , if you want to use it directly with a camera the memory card from the camera , you are ok . but if you need your pc and it has 98 or me , forget it !
2			town	little	rip	total	trailers	great	part	complete			house of 1000 corpses stunk in 1000 ways . boy was this film a letdown . great trailers really made me want to see this film but what a stinker it turned out to rob zombie really , really , really wanted to make the texas chainsaw massacre . so we have an old creepy farmhouse , complete with things hanging from strings , chicken in a cage and even a misshappen freak running around in a freak is a part of a weird wacked out family complete with a senile grandpa and it even takes place in the 70 s with a carload of teens looking for proof of the story of a drsatan in some little hick town . butchery , mayhem and a garbled story ensue . zombie throws in the legends of albert fish and ed gein along with the story of drsatan and our freaky family creating a jumbled crap pile of boogermen all meant to freak us out like didnt even come close , only thing missing from this total rip off was a hooper should sue rob zombie's ass a scam .
2			combination	great	idea	great			gift . great gift idea for any woman who is intrested in having any jewlery in pearls , and loves the color pink . great combination with sterling silver pink freshwater cultured pearl drop earrings . highly recomended
2			job	worst no			misleading book . this seems to be a converted thesis to book , not the worst job but certainly without much effort . i m not surprised its not in stock .
1			suga	free	kilo	average	record	good	azz	bad			down aka kilo . seems like these other dudes has mistaken this cd for being a rock release . well , it isnt . matter of fact it's latino rapper down aka . kilo who is on rapper down is average at best in my opinion , he has not got much flow and his rhymes are tiredsome . the features on this record is not to be messed with though kam , tha eastsidaz , mc ren , kokane , snoop , suga free , bad azz , daz dillinger and more . i would say this is a good record for the featured artist , but down himself cannot hold this up . might be good for latino rap fans though
1			effort	low	production	poor	sound	poor	effort	potential	talent	bad			disappointing concert , poor quality production . not only does this look like a disappointingly brief and offhand concert effort from prince , but the production quality is pretty near the bottom of the barrel uneven film quality , poor sound , and bad camera talent potential low effort poor showcasing letdown .
1			overkill	complete	quality	poor	quality	average			two thumbs down . this cam is an import , i can not remember if it was built in taiwan or china ; either way its definitely not from the max resolution is complete overkill . for such an anemic sensor , they should not have tried to make 6 p from 3 p . the picture quality has been below average when set to 3 p . at 6 p , the quality is exceptionally poor . avoid the digital zoom , unless you like really blurry pics . two thumbs down for me .
2			shirts	available no	shirt	great			great shirt . great quality shirt & really quick posting to the uk , would recommend to anyone in uk as these shirts are not available here .
1			films	worst			stank . this film was one confusing blob of a mess . one of the worst films i have ever seen . it made me never want to read a ludlum novel , since that's what it was based on . when i heard an audiotape of ludlum's memoirs , and he said how he liked this film , it really made me never want to read one of his books . even michael caine in his autobiography says that when he got on the set , he read the script more closely , only then to realize it didn not make any sense . but he was stuck , and had to film the darn thing .
2			looks	cool	itit	great			changes in latitude , changes in attitude . love it love it love itit makes restaurant quality margaritas and is great for other frozen drinks as well . plus it looks cool !
2			they	wonderful	cards	safe	case	great			great card case . i think i m up to 4 of these they are wonderful for keeping cards safe and organized ! and , the color options help with the organization .
1			money	bad	name	old	book	good			thrillers ! this book is good . it's about the babysitter name jenny , who just experience a thrill in her last babysitting job . jenny doesn not want the job anymore but unfortunately she needed money so bad that she said yes to it . jenny babysit a very strange 10 year old boy name eli wexner . all the strange things started when she babysit him . she getting some weird phone calls that scare her to dead . a phone call that had happen the last time she babysit . i m back , hey , babes , are you alone ? i m coming were the message that from mr hagen , the man who try to kill her the time she babysit his son . jenny thought she kill him but she didn not know if mr hagen could be back . is mr hagen come back to get his revenge or some weirdo is plotting to kill her ?
2			content	great	itself	great	videos	instructional			incredibly useful . a friend recommended this to me , and i had no idea why . sure , doing the robot would be interesting , but where would i ever use it ? but now that i have watched it , i totally understand . for me , the specifics of actually doing the dance moves are secondary . what i found to be incredibly useful was the posture and muscle control the instructor teaches . standing up straight and always being conscious of the tenseness of your muscles gives that air of confidence and power that is so handy in all areas of life interviews , dating , not only will you control your muscles , you will build them . while actually having a surprising amount of dvd may not have all the whooshes and fancy graphics of other instructional videos , but the content itself is great . i can not tell how much a dancer would get from it , but i definitely learned a lot .
2			reaction	big	teeth	big	teeth	great	quality	high no	reaction	great			great big teeth gets a great big reaction . the teeth are very big and i don not think any person could hold them in his mouth for very long . however , the reaction you get from the combination of the ears and teeth is priceless . it really does say donkey . the quality of the molded teeth is probably not high but we washed it carefully prior to use and will pull it out from time to time to get a laugh .
2			movie	great			funny stuff . great movie . probably better than the fir st it was definitely not the usual half hearted sequel you usually see . more action and twice the fun . recommend viewing this movie .
1			experiance	incredible	influence	heavy	taste	bad	tracks	final	experiance	musical	addition	good			mr bungle fans beware . any mr bungle fans looking to explore more into the world of bungle i must warn you this album may not be exactly what you are looking for . with that said and done it is an absolutely incredible musical experiance . at first its extreemly heavy middle eastern influence through me off but after several listenings a definate good addition to a music fans cd collection . the reason for only 4 stars is do to the lack luster final two tracks of this disc that left me with a very bad taste in my mouth
2			voice	pleasant	system	new	something	fresh	dvd	great	audio	perfect	voice	strong	guitar	acoustic	fronts	fantastic			sweet baby james ! i had the doors , stevie ray vaughn , and james taylors dvd's in my hands and had to make a choice which one to buy ? i was getting tired of listening to the moody blues , hall of fame dvd buy this one it is a masterpiece ! and needed something fresh to listen to on my new sony home theater system . james taylor live at the beacon was my choice , a wise choice indeed . the audio is near perfect , you can hear every snap of james acoustic guitar and his voice was pleasant and strong in the mix . using dts , i could not hear much output from the rear speakers but it still sounded fantastic from the center / fronts . if you like james taylor you will satisfied with this great sounding and looking dvd .
2			it	easy	quality	great	it	fantastic			giant . it was fantastic . great quality . it was easy to order and arrived quickly . we will enjoy it for a long time to come .
2			passages	acoustic	meat	hard	results	mixed	works	reminiscent	it	dark	it	easy	releases	recent	vocals	fantastic			the everchanging porcupine tree . porcupine tree never stay in the same place too long . their earlier works are very reminiscent of pink floyd's pschedelic world . the music was intoxicating , relaxing , and perplexing , and i loved every second of it . now , with more recent releases , porcupine tree has been taking a more rock oriented aproach with mixed results . until this . this album has everything . it has intricate instrumentals , rhythm changes , hard guitar meat , acoustic passages and still remains to be experimental and psychedelic . wilson's vocals have always been fantastic , but here they are showcased better than ever on this album . most of this album though not all has a dark tone , which i think suits them perfectly . strip the soul is the perfect example . it is very dark and metallic sounding , yet very easy to listen to . give these guys a chance . and see them live whenever the opportunity arrises , because they really kick their playing up a notch on stage .
2			plantation	southern	story	great	settings	beautiful	story	beautiful	war	civil	shots	amazing	way	great			excellent family movie ! this is a great story about a boy and his dog who escape a southern plantation and go on an epic journey through the south as part of the union army in the civil war . the story and settings are beautiful and it's a great way for kids to be introduced to american history . also , the camera shots on this movie are amazing . it looks like a steven spielberg movie !
2			thing	awesome	temperature	high	cleanup	easy			the lazy man's holy grail . this thing is plain awesome . the high temperature cooks all your food really fast , and easy cleanup . if you are lazy like me you will love that you can just set up the timer and let this thing do everything . i subtract one star because the several loud beeps it makes each time it reaches the shown temp can get annoying .
2			product	great	guys	great	it	great	i	happy no	service	great	price	great	dispatcher	great			great price , great product , great service . my tv was delivered yesterday less than a week after i ordered it . i will not repeat what the other reviews say about the product except that it is great and took me less than 5 minutes to hook up power and cable and done ! i will comment on the shipper though . mine was delivered by moving soultions , part of north american van lines . the dispatcher was great she gave me a four hour window , but did tell me that i was the last delivery of the day , so they would be on the far end of the time window . they actually arrived later than the window , but it had been snowing all day . they called me twice with time updates during the delay . the delivery guys were great they unboxed everything and went through the stand assembly instructions carefully before putting it together . they got it all assembled and secured , gave me some hints and put it just where i wanted it . i could not have been more happy with the service .
2			saw	great	it	worthless	you	lucky	screwdriver	flat	anticipation	great			frustrated beyond belief ! i waited for this saw with great anticipation . but alas , like many others i simply could not get the blade to insert ! i can see the problem but how to fix it ? they say just take a flat blade screwdriver and turn the locking pin till it is parallel to the bottom of the saw . ok but try to do that ! ! the darn thing won not budge and even though i tried several differnt sizes of screwdrivers , i could not get the pin to turn . after reading all reviews i m assuming that if you are lucky enough to get one that has the lock pin in the right 's a great saw . however , when you can not even load a blade it is worthless . i wonder if they might consider checking each saw before sending it out to make sure the pin is parallel .
1			breakouts	worst			irritants . this powder was just a disaster for me . it made my face very itchy , and gave me the absolute worst breakouts of my life . i still have the scars from them , two years later . i wouldn not recommend this product , especially to anyone with sensitive skin .
1			dish	special	type	different	date	ok	batch	bad			terrible after taste and smell ! these ruined my dinner . i bought these croutons for a special poultry dish . the croutons smelled off when i first open the bags i bought two , but i didn not think anything about it . however , when i tried a couple , they left a really bad after taste . the expiration date was okay ; i thought maybe it was just a different type of seasoning and proceeded to use them in my dish . however , when i served my guests , some took a few bites and didn not touch it again , filling up on the bread and side dishes . after one bite , i was disgusted with the taste , which was definitely the croutons , but much more potent they took over the dish ! i took the unused portion of the 2 d bag and took it back to the grocery store for a refund . i must have gotten a bad batch , but won not buy them again .
1			they	useless	batteries	original	batteries	old	batteries	worst			worst batteries ever ! i ordered five batteries as replacements for the original phone batteries that were over 5 years old . the batteries i received last under 20 minutes of talk time . they are useless . don not waste your money on these .
1			guy	bad	ways	mysterious	west	old			mysterious ways . mysterious ways steps into another realm of western fiction where the bad guy ultimately becomes the good . cleverly crafted and masterfully written , burns uses the old west to depict the redemptive power of god .
2			toy	great	quality	perfect no	problems	great			great toy . great only problems we have been having with it are related to the tinny it weren not for the sound quality the toy would be perfect .
1			sticks	bad			buyer beware . if i could give this product no stars , i would have . i bought 2 1 b memory sticks from pny on amazon after reading the reviews . after installation , about 6 months after , my computer began to act would shut down for no apparent reason . at first i thought it had a virus , but this was not the case . the memory sticks were bad . not just one of them but both . i have read other reviews from people buying the pny memeory sticks made in taiwan and have had the same problem . when you check the reviews on your purchases , don not just check amazon , check out the consumer sites as well . i sure will now .
1			movie	bad	movie	believable	name	bad	director	good	man	bad	door	next	melodrama	unbelievable	feel	sorry			gives porn a bad name . the good director doug atchison attempts to make a very heavy handed point regarding the exploitation of women by the porn business . i appreciate his point and applaud his efforts . unfortunately atchison has created a totally unbelievable melodrama to make his bad the last man to preach to me this heavily was wearing a collar . atchison should get down off his pulpit and put together a believable movie . his inexperience destroys this first half of the movie works ok . you get a feel for this dysfunctional loser and actually feel sorry for him on many levels . degood does well at being the loser next door . halfway through the film everything goes movie is so bad that bill maher isn not even listed on the credits . we all know that didn not happen by accident .
2			them	depressing	i	disappointed	singer	great			not for me . i purchased this cd after seeing neil diamond in concert at the greek theatre in los angeles in august this year . i was looking forward to listening to it while driving , but was sooooo disappointed ! it's not that neil diamond doesn not sing the songs all of you know , he always has been and always will be a great singer ! but with this cd , i didn not like any of the songs and found them too depressing . at least that's the way it felt to me unfortunately .
2			phrasing	beautiful	phrasing	wonderful	being	great	phrasing	excellent	piece	great			brava sills but no beautiful voice . madame sills is an incredibly intelligent person and the brains helped her singing career . she made only the best of what she was given however to say her voice was beautiful well that's in the eyes of the beholder . phrasing was excellent , wonderful characterization always musical but never beautiful . enjoy her . cherish her as a great piece of american music by the way she is great human being .
1			screaming	horrible	excuse	pathetic	mathcore	good	jean	bad			i can not listing to this sh t . honestly all this screaming over and over is horrible and if they atleast played their music decent ? maiby it woulnd sound so bad but sadly norma jean is one of the most unoriginals and pathetic excuse for a band . if you want good mathcore or screamo doe ? go with these bands . the end , dep , luddite clone but and just look past norma jean's o god , the aftermath its a utterly piece of trash .
2			device	electronic	condition	good	purchase	great			review on bourdain book . the book arrived as anticipated . it was in good condition with writing only on the first few pages . hey , books are better than staring at an electronic device , so this purchase was just great .
2			album	great			great album . this album is excelent . if you get it i can assure you that you will never play it out . it is my favorite album from my favorite band .
2			purchase	great	collection	great	songs	traditional			great unique collection . wonderful recordings of traditional gospel songs . many of these were sung in my country methodist church . unaffected , straightforward presentation that preserves the origins of the songs . my understanding is that jackson recorded it for his mother , without plans to release it to the public . the collection was shared , traded and took on a life of it's own and was finally released as an afterthought . this could explain the wonderful lack of producing on the album . great purchase .
2			part	unwatchable	players	different	miniseries	great			unwatchable . do not buy this set ! it is a great miniseries but the second part is unwatchable it will not play on your dvd player i tried on three different players even though there are no visible flws on the disks .
2			band	awesome	singers	awesome			growing up with neil . i grew up listening to this album , i will always cherish it . the energy neil puts into his songs makes me feel like i have actually been to the concert . his back up band and singers are awesome too !
2			stories	great	it	fun	book	great			unique and funny . my kids giggle everytime we read this book and keep on repeating the funny names people and things have . it's a great book with great stories , perfect length for bedtime . you realize a poet wrote this as words rhyme in a funny way . so imaginative ! it should be part of every child's library . and it's fun for parents to read too , although a tongue twister at times .
1			plot	confusing	words	unknown	review	good	man	bad	rest	confusing	book	bad	plot	easy			a good review of a bad book . a good review of a bad bookthe man in black fled across the dessert , and the man in black followed . after that sentence the rest of the book is confusing . the dark tower the gunslinger , written by stephen king is a very slow moving book . there isn not much description and the plot is very confusing . the characters are never really introduced or described . the book just starts out with you in the middle of the action . when the gunslinger is running across the book does have a simple plot . this book is basically about a guy , named roland , or the gunslinger running across the desert . you would think that the plot would be easy to follow but it's not . stephen king uses unknown words to try and make his book interesting . i would not recommend this book to any one , but if i was locked up and the only way to get out was to recommend this book i would have to say that science fiction people and fans of stephen king might enjoy this book .
2			mix	great	fan	huge	tracklisting	strong			warning ! this mix is in mono ! this is a great mix but , it's in mono sound . unbelievably not one reviewer below has mentioned this very inportant fact . a mistake was made in the studio but they released it anyway , in my view it should say mono on the box . if your looking for stereo , and let's face it most people are , this mix is not the one to buy . this is really unfortunate because the tracklisting is very strong . i m a huge fan of tiesto but he should not have allowed this to be released .
2			she	pleased	cd	great			great cd gift . this was a gift for my daughter . she had it listed on her wish li st she was pleased to received it this christmas .
1			piece	difficult	maker	previous	basket	poor			not worth the price . difficult to fill without spillage , poor filter basket design difficult to swing open on hinge without disconnecting basket shell piece of plastic broke off immediately , carafe not very effective . needed more coffee beans than previous coffee maker to get decent flavor .
2			music	good	volume	great			no flute part in the sheet music . the sheet music only gives the guitar part no flute part ! i got this so that both the flute player i do duets with and myself could have some good music to play . i had to return it because of that . what a rip off ! volume one was great . the sheet music had both guitara nd flute parts . i wonder why this volume only gave the guitar part .
2			it	heavy	ms	proble	juicer	great	pressure	confusing	juicer	little			great little juicer ! this juicer works great ! i went through a bag of oranges with no proble ms it rotates in one direction , and if you lift the fruit and press it back down it changes the direction of rotation . once in a while it does do this back and forth rotation . not sure if it's because the pressure i m placing is confusing or if this is actually an added function to get the last of the juice ? i m removing one star because it is sort of bulkier than it needs to be the shape of the pitcher makes it a bit cuter and looks more acceptable and modern sitting on a table but it's a bit top heavy , bulky , and the lid slips off if not put on just right .
1			rapper	best	lyrics	suck	song	best	song	worst	ass	hard			not so good . i think jay z is an o . k . rapper , but i don not like his voice very well . he also thinks he's a hard ass and the best rapper . i think vanilla ice is better . i think his best song off the album is dirt off your shoulders , but it is getting really old . i think 50 cent is 10 's better . i also think change clothes is the worst song i have ever heard in my life . i think jay z's lyrics suck too . he is an idiot and has no clue . he talks about flipping off god , but then talks about going to heaven . i m not trying to pass judgement , but he is definitely not going to heaven . sorry .
1			it	bad			lousy . too bad i didn not read the reviews before i bought the book . it was bad ! the author kept on digressing and the book was such a cliche . do not buy this book .
2			service	great			more tea time ! i love market spice tea . the decaf is just as good as the regular . great service handling my order . will definitely order again .
2			resource	great			a great resource for graduate students . this book is filled with articles by teacher practitioners and researchers . a must have for those lit . reviews !
1			storage	nice	weather	bad			nice size storage . nice size storage & very easy to assemble as it should take only a few minutes to snap together . i purchased 2 of these as 1 is for my barbecue tools & charcoal & my sons sports balls & equipment , which stays dry from the bad weather & the other is for my pool also serves as a bench & i know it will hold 2 people 200 lbs product for the price .
2			songs	great			hideous . its a shame too , because these are all great songs but the bands covering them are really talentless . i especially couldn not believe how awful the switchblade symphony song was , which surprised me since i loved serpentine gallery . stick to the originals by sioux and co .
1			you	proud	it	worth	song	bad			one word amazing . i woke up at 7 m to go get this cd and it was worth being tired all day at work . elliott's voice can bring a grown man to tears . there is not one bad song on this cd . i still wonder how mr yamin did not win american idol 5 he is the most talented person to come out of the competition . i highly recommend that you get this cd and buy copies for all of your friends . look out world , here comes elliott ! songs that are on repeat wait for you one word you are the one i m the man trainwreck a song for you donny hathaway would be proud
1			game	free	controller	great	quality	bad	game	horrible	game	bad			great controller , bad game . i got this because i wanted another remote but also a game besides wii sports , its nice getting the controller but the game is horrible , its in really bad quality and just looks like a game that should have been free . i should have just bought the controller but we all live and learn , don not buy this product
2			course	next	product	great	bargain	great			great bargain . at 10 of the cost of rosetta stone and much better paced this is a great product . i was starting to speaking russian in no time and orderred the next course .
1			quality	poor	batteries	new	help	little	ltd	industrial			poor quality . my son received this for christmas and only played with it for literally 10 minutes , when he went back to play with it again it no longer functioned he did nothing to it that would have caused this . the top of the bulldozer has 6 buttons , all of which do different the 2 buttons that make the truck move forward or backward no longer work correctly . the sound goes off like the truck is moving , but it just sits there . sometimes with a little help it will move , but this is not how it was designed . i even tried brand new batteries . there is no information about how to contact the manufacturer , toy state industrial ltd , out of hong kong . the only thing we can try now is to hope the store will except an exchange if they have another would hate to not get another one cause he does like , it just doen not work right anymore .
2			lines	great	sector	private	film	funny			back off man , i m a scientist . this film is at least as funny , if not more funny , as when it first aired in 1984 3 parapsychologists of varied interest and sincerity discover there truly are ghosts . when they are kicked out of the university and forced to work in the private sector they are met with surprising success . it turns out a spirit assault is being leveled against humanity and these brave souls along with some hired help will stand against the forces of a nether great lines include back off man , i m a scientistok . so . she's a human would ever stack books like slimed me .
2			service	great			superb buy . the mixer was delivered quickly and in excellent condition . definitely worth the price i paid for . great service !
2			product	good	fit	great			liked it so much i bought another for my other truck ! ok its a hose folks nothing much glamorous about it but the fit was great went right on no issues , has mesh to protect the hose from abrasion and was cheaper than buying local ! gates makes a good product and has for many a year since 1911 summer is coming and its a good time to get all your hoses checked and replace your antifreeze if you haven not done so in awhile if ever , oops !
1			product	worth	service	poor			fast customer service with amazon . love the product was worth the buy , however customer service was poor . was on the phone for over an hour to use my gift card towards the purchase . the operator said everything went thru . a few weeks letters i get my credit card bill to discover they charged my credit card ! ! they still have yet to refund these charges and claim there is not billing phone to reach them by it has to be thru email .
2			price	great	price	right	price	good			good price . price was right . nice , bought a pressure washer needed a hole . found it on amazon for a great price fits perfect on my washer .
2			i	great			bragging or name dropping ? i had a hard time reading this book with all the i m so great and i know everyone , stories . i realize its hard to pen a book but this was kind of a waste of my time . i wish i could recommend something better but i can not right now . just skip it and read something else .
2			it	correct no	music	good	album	solid	album	good	voice	great	lyrics	fun			i liked it . it has good music . the lyrics are fun . it's not politically correct i think that's good . paula cole has a great voice . overall , it's jsut a good solid album .
2			product	great			great product . product works great . it takes all algea off the glass effortlessly without scratching or damaging glass . i would recommend this product .
2			pads	great	things	hate	top	odd	pad	stable	original	original			better d pad than original , cheaper than original . the stock ps pads were great , but i always hated two things about them . 1 the d pad was 4 diamonds of thumb killing plastic that made diagonals nearly impossible to hit . 2 the start & select were always too close to the analog sticks . with this pad they have a one piece cross d pad which has been around since snes and sega and they moved start and select where they should have been ; near the top of the controller away from the change to the buttons is a little odd , but since all the buttons are rubberized i guess it doesn not matter too much . it would attract me more if it had programmable turbo fire like a madcatz pad . if you are an emulation gamer looking for a stable pc pad , get one of these and buy a ps to usb adapter from lik sang and download joy 2 ey , it beats the pants off saitek .
2			album	fantastic			a desert island cd . i would take this one to that mythic desert island . the one two punch of david watts and death of a clown are just the beginning of a fantastic album . often compared to the beatles revolver and the beach boys pet sounds , this album might even have an edge on them , imho . just one question , what is harry rag about ?
2			setup	easy	swing	great	swing	little			great little swing for toddlers . easy setup it's preassembled with the hooks . removed a swing from the hedstrom villager that we bought and had this toddler swing hooked up in a minute . great !
2			account	historical	story	great			great story . i have read all of the author's books on genghis khan & plan on reading the emperor series . if you want a historical account of caesar , go the the library & check one out . otherwise quit complaining .
2			one	great	band	irish			who listens to this crap ? awful irish band . then save for van morrison has there ever been a great one ?
2			downloads	expensive	it	simple	product	great	downloads	quick			very happy with the kindle . the kindle was everything it promised . it is very simple to use . i especially like how lightweight it is to hold while reading . downloads are quick and often less expensive than the hardcover version of the only reason i didn not give it five stars is the cover it comes with . amazon should work on designing a better cover , otherwise this is a great product .
2			product	great	cat	old			works great ! i gave this to my mother for christmas . she has an old cat who loves to play in water and she had always talked about some day getting him a pet water fountain . i had read a few other reviews and was a little leery as to how well this would work , but gave it a cat loves it ! from day 1 there have been no problems with it . and best of all , it very quiet . you can not hear it at all ! she has it set up in her living room . i didn not even know it was there . i would just make sure you always have it filled with water so the pump doesn not burn out on you . because cats drink so much water with this , when you first get it , you should watch the water levels so that you get an idea on how often you should replenish the water supply . absolutely great product !
1			manipulator	serial	parts	worst	we	capable	manipulator	amazing			beck spews nonsense . beck makes most things up . he appears to be a habitual liar . he is also a snide , sarcastic , very unlikeable human being . how anyone can watch this full of himself blowhard and serial manipulator for more than about 23 seconds is amazing . beck appeals to the worst parts of all of us . he tries to make us less than what we are capable of being . beck hopes we will run to our most base fears , so that people like him can line their , glenn we have your number . now crawl back into the hole you came from .
2			taste	odd	taste	little	taste	great	it	great	pitcher	old			great for taste . i have been using this glass pitcher for about two weeks now for my iced tea . it's great ! i had an old plastic pitcher that would get moldy after a week or so , and even if it didn not ; the tea tasted a little odd after about a week of sitting in the fridge . so i got a glass pitcher to eliminate the mold and taste problem , and it's a success . the tea tastes great , and no mold . screw on lid keeps the air and mold spores out . i plan to get another since it only holds 2 liters so it doesn not last long .
1			i	disappointed	movie	worst	questions	numerous	acting	boring			don not waste your time ! this may very well be the worst movie i have ever seen . after watching this , i felt like i had wasted an hour and a half of my life . the acting is boring . there really is no action as expected by the title and cover . the movie ends with numerous unanswered questions . i kept watching expecting the plot to resolve . it didn not . by the time the credits finally appeared , i was disappointed and confused . don not watch it .
2			product	good	wiimote	new	wiimotes	awesome			good product . yeah , wiimotes are awesome . i tried buying a refurbished one before from one of the amazon merchannts . it was straight up broken not scratched or anything , just wouldn not turn on , despite trying several sets of batteries . on the other hand , the merchant was understanding , and sent me a refund without even asking for the item back ! anyway , if you want to avoid headaches , just buy a new wiimote .
1			delivery	good	delivery	poor	tidbits	good			good material / poor delivery . getting to yes has many good tidbits of information , but nothing life changing or ground breaking . the information is primarily common sense . most of the examples in this book are outdated and dull . this book regularly helped me to sleep even when i wasn not tired . i would not recommend this book .
1			experience	bad			very bad experience . it only work for the first and 2 d time , but doesn not work at all for the 3 d time . actually before i bought it , i did see someone say it only work in the very beginning times . i should believe the review . now it is totally broken .
2			looks	fantastic	wrists	small	wrists	normal	length	extra	wrists	large	quality	good			excellent quality . the only reason i gave this 4 instead of 5 stars is that for someone with small wrists like myself , this band has a lot of extra length . the choices are to trim it , which risks eventual fraying or tuck it under which i have you have normal or large wrists this is a non issue , the band is of very good quality and looks fantastic .
2			i	disappointed	equalizer	graphic	t	creative	price	great			no midrange . all bass . i bought these because the price was great but i was disappointed . there is definitely too much bass and not much else . the sound is all highs and lows . adjusting the graphic equalizer on the player software can not completely fix it . i bought the creative t 3000 to compare and they are noticeably better . i returned the logitechs .
2			unit	horrible	starmate	original	audio	bad no			horrible unit stay away . i have 2 units , the sportster and an original starmate . they both have a wide fm transmitter range and excellent audio quality . the starmate had a screen issue so i got a replacement from sirius a starmate 4 unbearable white noise made me wonder if this was a refurb . i called sirius again and got another s 4 the audio , while still having white noise , was not as bad . however , the fm transmitter range is about 2 feet . yes , 2 feet , i only wish i was exaggerating . now i have to call again and see what sirius can do and exactly how they can stand behind this product . very frustrating .
2			it	great			family fun . this is a fun family movie . it's great on rainy days or in the car on the road . everyone loves this movie .
2			book	fantastic			what they said . yes , this is just a dreadful book . i didn not read any reviews before i slogged through cot , then i laughed at the universal loathing . what can i say that hasn not been said ? i can say that robert jordan can bring his fans back with one blazing , fantastic book that ties the threads together and completes the once epic wheel of time series . i m hanging on and hoping .
2			sony	clear	sony	loud	bass	clean	bass	deep	sub	great			awesome sound . i upgraded from a sony 10 sub to the klipsch 10 sub . the sound quality is night and day . the bass is very clean and deep without causing anything in my living room to rattle . the sony was loud but not clear . the klipsch is both , great sub .
2			game	different	icebreaker	great	it	fun no			uproarious evening away from tv . i brought this game to the table one evening with reservation and began to play it . we did not follow the rules of the game to start , but separated into tea ms one member of each team took turns asking the questions . all of these questions have answers that have you quantify , rather than know something , so you are guessing . this is what makes the game different than trivial pursuit and it is not only fun , but you learn lots of interesting facts about our world . it's a great icebreaker , and you do not have to be a trivia buff to play .
2			chance	great	high	soft	dorma	best	tenor	high			paul potts one chance great . the album is a wonderful collection of paul potts at his be st what a wonderful voice . he has a wonderful range of soft to high tenor in the album , which includes the best nessum dorma and a time to say goodbye from his britain's got talent win .
2			car	regular no	steering	great	problem	great	racing	happy			great wheel one problem . i have tried driving with just the handheld controller and i would crash at every turn i guess i m a creature of habit . i needed a steering wheel and foot pedals the stick is an added bonus in my book since many wheels don not have one . the steering is great i have to remind myself that these are race cars and not my regular car by design they handle differently and that's fine . i m still adjusting but after the first lap i m no longer crashing and am cutting my time dramatically with each race . i love it except for one problem i intermittently get a lost connection message in the middle of the race just exit the message and the race goes on . i have sent a message to mad catz tech support in hopes of getting a resolution . it may be a problem with my unit in which case i would gladly exchange it for replacement of the same wheel . when i get a response , i will post it here . happy racing !
2			squeezer	great	use	occasional			worked great while it lasted . this was a great lemon squeezer while it lasted . the top handle broke off while i was using it after about three months of occasional use . i would not recommend this product .
2			tea	great	tea	little	hit	big			great little tea set ! bought several of these sets for christmas presents and they were a big hit . got em on sale and that was even better . if you have tea lovers , they will love you for this . we bought for everyone else and turned around and bought one for us . you can not lose .
2			cd	great			great cd . this cd is one that everyone should get a copy of . it takes you into the presence of god unlike any other cd . it's all about worship . if you need to get into the presence of god , sit with this cd for a while and before long you will be on your knees .
2			album	great	sabbath	black			first daze . great album . i cant beleive i grew up listening to metal and never heard of them before . blue cheer meets black sabbath
2			mix	best	feels	good	shape	similar	mix	bad no	mix	general			a proper mix . finally ! the u . k . release of it feels so good delivers the first dj friendly , club worthy mix of this hit so far . the can 7 mix is pretty much a general house mix , not bad but not too interesting either . it's the conductor & the cowboy mix which propels this song into euphoria . it clocks in at almost 9 minutes , and takes the shape of a progressive trance anthem , similar to a lange mix . the single is worth grabbing just for this mix , as it's the best mix yet .
2			age	golden	tole	difficult	singers	worth	opera	great	soprano	best			tebaldi is breathtaking as tosca . to be sure , we have so few video memories of the golden age of opera , in other words when opera singers were worth a damn . but this is a purists dream come true . tebaldi at her very peak , truly showing why she was the very best spinto soprano ever . she has the tonal beauty required of this difficult tole , along with her ringing cs and dramatic acting . a great opera to own , i only started a year ago , and this one i have loved the mo st puccini at his fine st truly a must have .
2			something	nice	premiere	useless	story	good	quality	great	features	great	picture	great			great picture , but avchd format prevents editing . the picture quality and features on the camera are great , shot itself in the foot when it decided to push the avchd video format . you are forced to use sony's substandard software tools ; there is no good conversion story if you want your video in mp 4 wmv , or any other format . so , adobe premiere which i use for all my home editing is useless , as is edius , ulead videostudio , or anything else . after reading about the quality , i bought this camera to take video of my son's wedding . now , about all i can do is make a raw video onto dvd of the footage and give away copies , as opposed to putting together something nice for all you are going to do is shoot video , and play video from the camera to a tv , then go ahead and buy it ; if you have any intention of bring the footage into a computer , then avoid this camera like the plague .
2			read	great			matheson's legend . matheson is a master craftsmen of the sci fi and horror genre . this novel is no exception and is my favorite thus far . only four stars though because the ending left something to be desired , at least for me . still good , but i have read a better ending in his shorter stories . but definitely check it out it's a great read .
2			overview	good	title	confusing	chapters	bad no			thinly spread and inaccurate in parts . this book does give quite a good overview of the applications . however , it tries to be all things to all people , and does not really succeed . the chapters on the core financials modules are not too bad . the title of the book is a bit confusing , because oracle renamed its suite oracle applications some time ago ; ie why would you see inventory and order entry discussed in a financials handbook ? there are also quite a few inaccuracies in the book , some of which may mislead implementers .
2			movie	great	story	good	acting	great	ending	happy	movie	perfect			a very touching , and moving piece of work . throughout simon birch it spread alot of sadness through the movie , but it did had some hilerious parts of the movie . there were great acting , and good story , the only thing that i didn not like was that they made to dramatic , too sad and and way to depressing . it's a tearjerker through the whole movie , and i m sad to say that this movie almost could been perfect if it had a happy ending and not so lost into the darkness of sadness . but the movie does desrves credit , and splendid acting . great movie ! a
2			job	great	price	good			water pump qiuit working after 3 weeks only kept it because . i got a good price on it so i kept it though the water pump quit working because the filter in the back did such a great job of collecting dust and cleaning the air . would not have been worth the cost of returning for shipping .
2			cut	nice	looked	great			clean cut . this blade has a very nice clean cut . easy to install and use . all my cuts have looked great ! ! i would recommend this blade .
2			read	great			great read . a story . this book made my blood boil . excellent read , bit heavy on the detail and it is challenging to keep up with all the players . even so , highly recommend it .
2			work	great			before the deterioration . this book is an overview of gurdjieff's earliest teachings , before he proved through his actions in the last two decades of his life that he was unable to live up to what he preached . this book , culled from the oral transmissions of the teens and twenties , fortunately lacks the delusional ramblings that the second and third generation gurdjieff cultists like pentland and patterson use to perpetuate the teachings , and even more fortunately is free of the kinds of gibberish gurdjieff himself was to cook up in the thirties and forties . but this book comes before all that ; and while not quite as necessary as ouspensky's miraculous , it adds flesh to the bones of that great work .
1			writing	mediocre	one	worst	writer	good no			marine biologists are not interesting people . i read 150 pages into this book and had to put it down . the writing is mediocre and the story progresses slower than a snail . the characters are unbelieveable and i m not talking about the aliens . julie czerneda is not a good writer . apparently she is an ex biologi st . maybe she should have stayed in that field . don not waste your time with this book . this is probably the worst one i have ever read .
2			sound	great	friend	good	anything	native	style	unique			what a great sound ! i saw cree summer a month or so ago on the tonight show with jay leno , and was enchanted by her personality and performance that night . i had never heard of her i thought but discovered when i ordered the cd that she had played freddie sp on a sitcom i enjoyed back a few years . i am taken with most anything native american as a rule , and especially enjoyed track 11 naheo ! cree's vocalization style is unique , and i have thoroughly enjoyed the cd so far , and have already shared it with a good friend . i will be looking for more from this charming canadian ! her tribal thank yous on the inside back cover of the leaflet were delightful .
2			daughter	old	brother	old	son	old	way	fantastic			mum , 8 year old daughter & 5 year old son love it . this is a hit ! my daughter didn not like the look of it when she got it for xmas as she had preconceived ideas about what sort of kids play chess . when we finally played it late january she decided she loves it , as do i and as does her 5 year old brother . they ask me can we play no stress chess please . a fantastic way to introduce chess . i always regretted never having learnt to play and now i can learn as well . i highly recommend this game . .
2			slip	good	they	great			good non slip , ouch blisters . blisters ! ouch ! also my feet were sweaty , as there is no way to wear socks practically . i have had to wear band aids on my heels for the first two weeks . they are great in the non slip department .
2			fights	great	movies	classic	movies	old	it	classic	scenery	grand	heston	excellent			excellent movie . this movie is not so well known compared to others of this era , but it is a classic and is a beautiful story of a mountain man who is a beaver trapper at the end of the fur trade . charlton heston is just excellent in playing this role . if you like classic old movies of the john wayne style you will absolutely love this movie . beautiful grand scenery and great fights .
1			review	previous	service	good	i	glad	service	bad	amazon	glad			bad customer service . re seller response buyer didn not return item to us . used a return labe provided by another seller . date february 28 2011 his is the seller's response to my previous review ? i used the label they sent to me in a pdf . i still have the email it has ebuyalways as the addressee . caveat emptor people i will ebuynever again . thanks amazon , for your a to z guarantee i m glad you know what good customer service is .
2			book	great			first 2000 years . great book , makes the bible much more enlightning . when i tried to read the bible , the language and wording was beyond my understanding . this is a book that is backed up by lds doctrine but and excellent read .
1			reliability	poor	trimmer	good	flight	unknown			poor reliability . the device functions very well until it runs up againststalky weeds . the string appears to wrap around the stem and the cvap and spool flies apart . the cover plate takes an unknown flight and a search must be started . some means be devised to establish a tighter clasping arrangement for this cover to prevent this coming apart from occuring . plenty of power and the correction of this problem would provide a very good trimmer .
2			believer	true	books	best	book	great			true believer . true believer is one of the best books i have ever read . i strongly encourage all teens to read it . i promise you that when you finish it you will be a true believer . this book shows that it doesn not matter where you come from , you can still be somebody . this is a great book for teens . please read true believer . you won not be sorry .
2			work	great	business	small	much	great	aio	great	inkjet	old	it	cumbersome	quality	good			great much of a scanner . we purchased this unit 2 months ago for our small business . the copier , fax , and printing functions work great . it prints fast and with good quality . it is a bit on the noisy side , but not much more than the old sony inkjet all in one that we replaced with this unit . there is a big but with this unit . if you are purchasing this aio for the network scanning feature , run . i spent the better part of a day trying to get it to run on all of our office computers . and was only successful on a hand full of them . i also had the joy for installing the hp software on the computers . overall the software installed relativly easily . it definatly could have been less cumbersome but my installation of the software was not the nightmare fortold in the other reviews . overall for us a great aio , but for someone dependant on the scan feature i would suggest another unit .
1			star	bad	i	happy	concertos	complete			popsicle sticks . i read in the program notes that this is the only cd set of the complete vivaldi bassoon concertos . too bad . i am happy that i bought this box set at a closeout sale and did not pay full an ugly tone . it sounds like he made his bassoon reed out of popsicle sticks . yech ! ! i am an amateur bassoonist , i play on synthetic reeds , and i swear that i can get a better sound out of the instrument than mr smith does .1 19 2007 i am modifying my comments slightly because the performances with the english chamber orchestra eco do not sound as bad as the performances with the zagreb soloi st i can listen to the performances with the eco without the desire to poke a pencil in my eardru ms still one star .
1			pads	great no	pads	thin			flimsy . these pads are super thin and not great . was expecting a thicker version of gauze pads and can not imagine how anyone would use these .
1			it	bad	songs	greatest	album	best	song	best			best album with best song ever made ! this is my favorite beatles album . yes , revolver and rubber soul have the top 10 hits , but sgt . pepper has the masterpieces . a day in the life is one of the greatest songs of our times , but lucy in the sky with diamonds is the best rock song of all time ! it is too bad that the beatles did not release lucy as a single because it sure would have spent months at number one in 1967 elton john's version of the song went to number one and it was released around 10 years later !
2			cleaner	great	detergent	good			carpet cleaning detergent . the hoover deep cleansing carpet detergent is good for moderate dirty carpeting . however , the oxy cleaner is great for all around wine and food stains and moderate cleaning . easy to use with the hoover steam vac all terrain cleaner .
2			product	great	price	great			great it . this is one great product from unlisted . i had never used any of there products before , so was little worried when i ordered . but when i received , i luv it . i got it at great price too under 20 . cant beat that !
2			trainer	best	stool	little	boy	big	boys	little	it	great	bear	little	boys	big	chairs	small	bear	big	boy	little			the best trainer for big little boys . my little bear has always been big for his age . i have had a time trying to train him on potty chairs that are way too small in terms of him splashing and even being bigger than the chair . when i found this and read another review of someone with a big little boy i immediately ordered it . it has been great . he can put the seat off / on the toilet seat himself and is very secure and balanced while going to the potty . he puts the seat up himself on a hook next to the toilet when he is done . i have a little stool he uses to help himself off / on the seat . he is doing great with the potty seat . if you have a little boy who is big for his age , i definately reccomend this to youbabybjorn toilet trainer white / red
2			movie	great	plot	basic	roles	best	son	rich			charismatic . its strange that this is one of the least appreciated elvis movies but yet appears to be one of his better basic plot of the movie has elvis starring as a rich mans son trying to get people to appreciate him and not his goes on to trade identities with a water ski instructor hoping to be treated as a individual and not a millionaires son . elvis plays one of his best roles as he appears to be laid back . as usual elvis charm and charisma makes the movie great , i would definately recommed this video . its a type of movie you can never get sick of . this movie is great !
2			i	surprised	press	great	one	high	squeezer	great	it	easy	aluminum	solid	round	available			great citrus press ! this is a great citrus squeezer and i am surprised at how hard it was to find . a friend got one years ago at williams sonoma but they don not carry it anymore . i actually prefer theirs as it is solid aluminum , but i searched high and low and this is the only one i could find of this model . the orange coating makes it easy to find , but i don not think it is supposed to go in the dishwasher , so it may as well be all aluminum prettier . i have other citrus squeezers that are round that are available everywhere . although those work , this one gets more juice out and is easier to squeeze . also , you can squeeze the lemon / lime anywhere and then pour it into the measuring cup or dish . with the others you have to squeeze over a vessel . this one you squeeze and pour later as the spout is up high . i have not tried it for oranges but think it would work for smaller ones .
2			songs	great	fans	new	song	good	album	new	me	wrong	songs	new	songs	good			hey guys , release some new songs please . these guys have released 3 compolation albums in their last 4 albu ms its time for a new studio full album . hey dont get me wrong they need money right , to pay for c . c deville's rehab and bret michaels acting lessons , and rikki rocket's haircuts . but gee whiz release a new album that doesn not have a version of every rose has its thorn or something to believe in . those are great songs we all know . the 5 new songs are all pretty good exspecially strange and the last song but i wish there was 10 more songs . please poison no more b sides , long lost crack a smiles , and mtv unplugged stuff . the c . c deville song is a good song but the druggie cant sing . they should bring back blues or richie . anyway if your a poison fan buy it because of the 5 new songs , but it wont attract any new fans .
2			value	great			it does what it's supposed to . it keeps stuff cold and it didn not cost an arm and a pretty much sums it up . great value .
2			levels	different	things	great	loser	biggest	something	new			exactly what i needed . when i first heard about this dvd , i will admit , i wasn not very excited . i watch the biggest loser from time to time and jillian isn not my favorite of the trainers . i heard great things about the dvd though so i was 's broken up into 3 different levels and each level is broken up into a 3 -2 -1 system 3 mins strength , 2 mins cardio , 1 min abs . just when you are getting used to one exercise she switches it up with something new . jillian doesn not allow any rest , she wants you to get the most out of your workout , which is under 30 minutes by the way . as a single mom of a 2 year old , that's all i have time lives up to the hype and i will certainly be using it over and over again !
2			style	fresh	melodies	great			hollowbodies . anything but ! the cd is a pleasant surprise . great melodies , intriguing lyrics and fresh style . each song has something to say without bashing you over the head with dumb radio song cliches . so what if they want to be the replacements , at least they aren not trying to be bryan adams for god's sake ! the world needs more bands like the replacements and the hollowbodies .
2			film	great	thriller	good	i	happy	example	outstanding	instinct	basic	it	scary	acting	great			a great script & superb acting put this film above the rest ! there are so many suspense / thrillers out there , and many of them follow the same dull routine . i am happy to say i have found one that stands above the re st the hand that rocks the cradle is an outstanding example of how a good thriller should be executed . i cannot say it is extremely scary because it is not . but , the suspense builds up slowly , then explodes in your face . a great film along with fatal attraction & basic instinct that is really the perfect model for all thrillers to come !
2			part	huge	environments	weak	textures	weak	games	great			ok . after playing gears i was just to spoiled on how well the game looked . this games gun models are great , but the textures and environments are weak . graphics are a huge part of the game for me . also the controller for the ps 3 blows and is unnatural for fps . sry , but its science .
2			it	hate	thoughts	different	book	different	life	real	i	worst no	point	hard			although not the worst book i read , it is up there . ok so im a teenager so my thoughts are probably a little different than adults out there . i had to read the grapes of wrath for my junior year and i absolutely hated it . stienbeck did not keep me enticed and the plot was the same throughout the story line was pointless and although it was closely related to real life , the point of the story was hard to get at . the same things were repeated over and over and my mother literally had to sit me down and force me to read the book . i opted for the cliff all u teenagers out a different book to read and for all u adluts out there i dont know you probably would like it .
1			product	good	service	bad	color	wrong	it	late			good product , bad service from amazon . got the product in the mail and it was the wrong color . not what i had ordered . unfortunately by the time i got the product it was too late to return for a full refund . so now i am stuck with an ugly nursing cover . thanks amazon !
2			overview	great	bibliography	worth	look	great	subject	broad	style	great			great overview of our ocean world . i learned so much from this very approachable book about what can be a complex and broad subject . the author has a great friendly and conversational style . the bibliography of this book is worth the price alone . the pictures in this book look great on the kindle fire hd .
2			book	long	he	great	book	boring	book	repetitive			very disappointing . i was disappointed in this book . i have read a couple other of marcus buckingham's books and have also heard him speak . he is great . however , this book was boring , long and repetitive . and , because i heard the book vs . reading it , and it has a series of exercises to be completed as you read it which one cannot do while driving , it made it even worse . do not recommend the book and definitely recommend less the cd .
1			movies	worst	waste	terrible			police at its worst . i have learned not to trust the dvd's jacket after renting this and wasting almost an hour before i ejected it i found this to be one of the worst movies ever . i thought it was what may have happened if a porn director tried to go legit in movie making this would probably be what the end result might be . a terrible waste of time with totally unbelieveable actors .
2			writing	good no	chapter	brilliant	problem	huge	chapter	great			great first chapter . the first chapter is brilliant and laugh out loud funny it got me several strange looks on the subway . but love me has a huge problem on the first chapter , keillor tells the reader what's going to happen in the rest of the book . so after chapter 2 you know the plot . there are no surprises and not much incentive to keep reading . also the writing is not nearly as good as it was on chapter suggestion would be to read only the first chapter ; the rest of the book is a waste .
1			product	terrible	water	worst			terrible product . this product worked relatively fine for a week , then it never stayed on again . i have tried hundreds of times over the last year i have had it to reattach it to the faucet and it either falls off as soon as i try to filter water or it sprays everywhere . arguably one of the worst water filters on the market . like i have read elsewhere it's like just taking $ 40 and throw it out the window .
2			feels	great	looks	great			favorite lip gloss . feels great and looks great on lips . not funky chemical taste to it . i love this lip gloss ! !
1			rd	poor	rd	scientific	advertising	false			falls short of its goal in every way a book can . compelling evidence ? false advertising if i have ever seen only people such evidence would manage to sway are people who already believe . that's a fairly poor scientific standa rd i have spent my whole life wanting to believe , and my intellect not letting me i came to this book wanting to find something compelling and it fell so far writing wasn not even compelling until the end , when the author is re counting someone else's , poor , poor , in every sense , and didn not get into the specifics of dr stevenson's methodology , which would be the place to start if you wanted anyone to believe in the solidity of the research .
1			story	good	dvd	regular	grain	good	movie	good	quality	worst			movie is good but blu ray is wack . this movie surprisingly was good ! really good simple story and interesting with action sequences , however the blu ray is wack ! this might be the worst picture quality i have ever seen on blu ray ! i mean you can see the grain really good ! it looks like a regular dvd upgraded a bit . they could have done a whole lot better , comparing it to the dark knight or iron man , it just cant !
2			it	worth no	book	great	book	good			the secret copied this book . this book is very good but it's not worth 100 bucks . buy the secret for 30 dollars and use your imagination on the re st the secret copied this book and put it's own twist on it . basically , this a great book that details the secret .
2			dean	former	introduction	great	it	easy			a great introduction to the theology of rahner . this book , written by the former dean of theology of the pontifical gregorian university in rome , is a great introduction to the theology of fr . karl rahner . rahner's theology is very dense , but o would onnell's book makes it easy to comprehend and very appealling .
2			it	predictable no	enjoyment	equal	party	great	combo	little	i	familiar			irresistible party / dance / whirl around the house recording . a friend gave yalla to me a few years ago . he heard it in a little combo exotic food / cd store , and bought it immediately . i in turn was on my feet within seconds of putting it on . someone on epinions said it was just for belly dancers . so untrue ! but perhaps that reaction came because you move differently to this hybrid though very eastern recording than you do to straight western rock which i m more familiar with and these days , in 2002 so much of music is hybrid anyway . it's much more unpredictable , faster sometimes frenetic i usually tire out before the end , as i did a couple of minutes ago , prompting me to sit down and write a review ! sexier . this is one of my all time favorite recordings , and it belongs on a multi cd player at a great party . or , with equal enjoyment , in the privacy of your home .
2			development	historical	books	informative	speculation	new	players	major	book	great			super great book . this is one of the most informative books about the tarot i have ever read . every paragraph of every page is filled with interesting information about the history of the tarot , and the major players in its historical development and evolution . this is not a book of starry eyed new age speculation about whether of not the tarot came from ancient egypt , which it did not , but is a scholarly elucidation of everything that has happened to the tarot since its inception . in terms of the tarot , cynthia giles must be the most informed person on earth , and it shows in this book . i was flabbergasted throughout at her seemingly limitless breadth of knowledge about the tarot .
1			character	horrible	storyline	bad	movie	entire	film	original	it	bad	storyline	predictable	friend	crazy			prepare to be bored ! i will keep this short . angelina's character was horrible . she barely spoke the entire movie . when she did , she was so monotone that it drove me and my friend's crazy . the storyline was bad and very predictable . depp is definitely forgettable in this film as well . i never saw the original film but it doesn not matter . it's bad !
1			side	good	side	bad	stories	short	book	good			a very good book . one of my favorite saint novels . seven short stories showing the good and bad side of the saint .
2			golfer	old	day	next	grips	great	they	great			great replacement grips from amazon . i have been playing with these grips on all my clubs , driver through wedges , and they are great . being a 73 year old golfer , i needed the comfort and playability of these oversize softer grips . as i tell my golfer buddies , this is the first time in my 20 years of playing that i have had the same grips on all of my clubs except putter , of course and i am really enjoying them . they were delivered several days before the projected arrival date and installed the next day .
1			guys	main	guys	bad			overall disapointing . overall i was disapointed in this movie the director seems fixated on slow motion replays . i lost count at around 50 of them . in fact some action sequences may have three or four identicle slow motion replays making the once exciting action dull and tiresome . i was also saddened by the main bad guys fight scene and also his number two which both went down like chumps .
2			cd	good	reviewer	previous	music	new	cd	great	song	pathetic			very good but where's the countdown ? i have to agree with a previous reviewer that this cd is great but it's missing jericho's countdown . not putting the millenium countdown in jericho's theme is like not putting the bells in the undertaker's theme ! the austin song is pathetic and i really hope he doesn not have that as his new theme music as that would completely defeat the purpose of stone cold steve austin . other than that the cd is good , if ya smellllalalala what the cookin !
2			product	great	apple	old	isight	old			great product . it is a pity that apple has discontinued the isight , it is a great product . it bought this mainly for the magnetic mount that clips onto my old , but still very beautiful 30 inch apple display . it saves me from using the sticker attachment that would spoil the aesthetics . my macpro also has two other newer 27 inch displays with built in isight , and i still prefer using the the old isight . delivery was prompt . product works as advertised .
2			it	nice	control	easy	ps	constant	itself	awesome			cool game . the second i played atv offroad fury 2 i knew it was something else . the graphics are good and run at a constant 60 ps , the control is easy to get used to , and the gameplay itself is awesome . the multiplayer hockey is by far the funnest multiplayer game i have ever played . the only problem is , you cannot play it online . if you could , this would have been worthy of 5 stars . perhaps sony can release an expansion pack which allows online hockey ? i doubt it but it would be nice .
2			material	great	i	interested	information	useful			bruce lee is my hero . books reads more like a reference book but i like it . i can thumb through it and find something i am interested and read about that . i train western boxing and there is some very useful information in this book ! great philosophic material in the beginning as well !
1			looks	good	one	terrible	comedies	sick	movie	scary	one	bad	movie	worth no	felt	sorry	scene	funny			doesn not get much worse . this movie just isn not very funny . the first one , thought not great , was at least well made . this one is just terrible . i actually can not believe that they wrote this script , reviewed it , and said this looks good . the excorcist scene is funny , i admit , but unfortunately , it goes downhill from there . there are some parts that i actually felt sorry for the actors . it's not like i find this stuff too immature , but this movie is just poorly made , with jokes that are done to death and aren not even that funny anyways . i like alot of comedies that are sick and immature , but this one is just bad . for much better movies of this nature check out airplane and even the first scary movie is better than this . this movie is not worth your time .
2			book	great			beaded embellishment techniques & designs . what a great book ! plently of eye candy and inspiration for crazy quilting . i could not put this book down till i had gone through every page .
2			grip	great	earth	flat			great grip ! awesome quality , fit and comfort . my favorite grips by far ! if you don not have one yet soon you will have them on all of your guns . desert tan is a perfect match to flat dark earth !
2			gift	great	version	original			stop the train . i bought this cd single for someone who loved phyllis nelson's original version . i thought for sure this would be a great gift . they played it once , said thank you very much and i have never heard them play it since .
2			hp	new	version	new	calculator	great	booklet	small	set	complete	job	nice	fit	tight	packaging	original			great calculator but new version disappointed . i have used the hp -12 for years and wanted to get an extra , hoping to get a complete set of user manuals . the new hp -12 arrived in original packaging but i was disappointed that hp chose to not provide the printed user manuals , instead they sent one small booklet and then a cd . also , it was not possible to get the calculator into the case , the fit was just too tight . after pushing the calculator into the case , it tore in the bottom corner . hp always did a nice job with their calculators , but the cheapness of the case and lack of manuals did not impress me , i guess compromising quality is a way to save money . one area they went all out for was the packaging , getting this thing out of the package was a chore ! !
2			role	small	job	great			awesome movie . awesome movie , i loved it , it was sooo fuuuunnnyyyy . debbie gibson did a great job playing a small role . gay noy gay , you got to see this . its not dirty but very sweet .
2			show	great			great show . i love newhart . but for years now we can only order season 1 can we please have the other seasons ? please ?
2			they	great	purpose	great	socks	great			great all purpose sock . i have been buying these socks for over 40 years . they are great in the winter for warmth , and then as they thin out with age are great sneaker socks in the warmer weather ,
2			cd	great	i	worried			great cd . after seeing the movie i was exited to by the soundtrack . but i was worried because on most soundtracks for movies there's a lot of added tracks that really aren not in the movie . but that didn not happen in this cd all of the songs are from the movie . even the fairy godmother's song is on the cd .
2			overview	great			a great overview . this book provides a great overview of the history of the knights templar , both in europe and america . the comparison of stonework on structures in orkney with stonework on the newport tower is striking and adds illustrated evidence to the case the authors are making . i relied heavily on this book in researching my own novel on the subject . cabal of the westford knight templars at the newport towerreaders , too , will appreciate the thorough research and quality writing in this book .
2			artists	great	public	general			a rap artist stealing other people's sounds , how typical ! usher , in his confessions album used keyboard riffs which were taken from my songs , without my permission and without paying for his song called yeah , synthesizer riffs were taken from my song girl from istanbul , which i had composed and posted on my website , before christmast 2003 , way before usher's album was artists and producers like him are stealing other people's songs and sounds just to sell albums and make money , but the general public is considering them great artists , which is a shame really ! to have your unbiased opinion about this subject , please visit my website and give a listen to my song girl from istanbul .
2			story	great			sailor of the king . this is a great story and it's very well portrayed by jeff hunter . i saw the film many years ago and always wanted to have a copy for my collection . glad i have it now and i re view the movie periodically . i highly recommend it ,
2			dvd	great	edie	little	version	musical			great dvd set ! i bought this dvd combo as a gift for my daughter . she will be playing little edie in the musical version of grey gardens . she loves it and has watched it many times ! i also love this documentary and will order one for myself soon !
2			one	definitive	pleasure	great	edition	special	prejudice	excellent	images	sharp			just beautiful ! this blu ray edition is so much better than the special edition . the colors are vibrant and the images are sharp . i have seen this miniseries several times but it was a great pleasure to watch it again in this edition . the bonus features are also more adaptation of pride and prejudice is excellent . although i have liked other adaptations of the novel for what they were , this is the definitive one , so far . the script follows the book fairly well and actually inspires you to reread the two leads are incomparable . most of the supporting actors excel in their portrayals of the characters . it is a joy to watch , over and over .
1			movie	best	ones	bad	bit	little no	it	scary no			terrible . i am sure many will disagree , but what a lousy movie . i am certainly not on the edge of my seat in anticipation of seeing let the right one in after seeing this one . best horror movie in 20 years ? in that case , i would hate to see some of the bad ones . very slow , not much happening the whole movie . it was not at all scary , not even a little bit . it just dragged and dragged the whole time . longest 2 hours ever . if you enjoy vampire plots , check out the vampire diaries . it's a show , but about 100 times better than this .
2			pain	great	tale	personal	advisor	spiritual			humanity on death row . nonfiction book by a catholic nun about her work as spiritual advisor to two death row inmates in louisiana . it's a gripping and moving personal tale about her calling to connect with the humanity and pain of people who have caused great pain to others . motivated me to want to get involved in anti death penalty activities .
2			sound	fine	vic	correct	kit	electronic	headphones	great			lasted 2 months . i bought these to use with an electronic kit . i started using them around the last week of 12 2012 since then , i have only taken the headphones from where they hang on my kit's stand and placed them on my head for 1 -2 hours on a daily basis . there is no stress on any wires , or any part of the headphones for that matter . i put them on today and after about 10 minutes of use , the sound in one of the speakers started breaking up when i played the kick . the volume on the kit has rarely gone above 70 . on all my other headphones , the kit's sound is fine and does not overpower the speakers even at full volume . the vic firth headphones however are now busted in one other reviews that complain that the headphones do not last are correct . i am bummed because otherwise , they seem like great isolation headphones . i am hoping there is a warranty .
2			benefit	great	it	complete	sufis	important	work	important	work	original	agendas	political			an exellent contribution to the study of islam in the we st mr cornell has made an exellent contribution to the study of both islam in the west and islam in africa with this work as until recently little had been translated with regards to african islam especially regarding primary madyan was perhaps one of the most important sufis in north west africa and this work covers both an exellent biography of the sheikh and an introduction to his works . what is also of great benefit is that it is complete with the original arabic extreamly important work especially in that much of the study of islam in our current time is under the influence of either saudi arabia or groups with political agendas . i would also recomend cornells book realm of the saint .
2			book	new	becca	good	character	great			o connell hits the mark again ! i have read all the mallory books and was disappointed that this was not another mallory until i picked it up and started to read it . it grabbed my attention from page one and i hated to put it down . only took me a day to read . loved sadie , she is a great character and so is gwen . i wouldn not mind reading more about gwen when she grows up and how she deals with her pa st the secondary characters esp . becca were good too . looking forward to reading her new book a mallory . hope she writes another book with either rouge or ali in it .
2			cd	strong	he	great	fan	big	performance	inspiring			beautiful . first i must say that i believe this cd is so great that it may have re kindled the progressive flame and inspired many prog bands back out of the woodworks . bill brufords performance on this cd is totaly inspiring , jon anderson is the stand out here his vocals are amasing and his lyrics are up to the grade he was at back in 1972 rick wakeman proves to us yet again who is the keyboard wizard and steve howe he is always great . when these four master musicians get together on this recording they produced a cd so strong , that the amasing and yet beautiful songs last forever . if you are a big fan of the close to the edge period of yes you should get this recording .
1			postion	open	corners	sharp	dollars	extra	tool	worst			flimsey piece of crap . worst tool i ever bought , almost falls apart as you plane the door , racks so far out of square that the sharp corners dug into door . whole thing is made out of cheap aluminum angle stock and rivets . does not stay in the open postion as it cant hold it's own weight . i threw whole thing in the trash and spent the couple extra dollars for the denpo door holder .
2			stuff	recent	albums	great	albums	vocal	album	new	album	marvelous	mistake	big			a big mistake . looking for fusion vocal albums ? try anything recorded in the seventies by urszula dudziak , esther satterfield , flora purim , googie coppola and esther philips , to name just the gals . if you enjoy male singers , check out al jarreau's look to the rainbow masterpiece . recent stuff in the fusion world include great albums by rachelle ferrell , dianne reeves specially the albums from the late 80 and early 70 , and ithamaara koorax she has a marvelous new album out , love dance , with azymuth and john mclaughlin . luciana souza ? the public relations machine does his job very well .
2			pan	great			waste of a lot of money . the pan was great at first , until something got burnt on it . then it wouldn not clean up right is no longer nonstick and is scratched . even though we were told we could use metal spatulas and spoons on it , we only used wooden . now i guess i have to toss sad . please don not waste your money on this or any swiss diamond product .
2			photos	good	photos	fantastic			surprisingly well done . why surprising ? er , because it's a coffee table book about weed . i was expecting good photos , but the book also provides an informative and well written intro by robert connell clarke one of the foremost authorities on mj , well edited descriptions of the many strains , interesting supplementary topics from the mind of jason king for example , vaporization , and excellent layout and design . and the photos are fantastic , particularly the microscopic shots . i give it four stars instead of five only because i would have liked to see more . bring out cannabible ii , with the scratch and sniffs .
2			difference	awesome	product	great	computer	new			great ! hi , i have been using this memory in my toshiba a 75 and the difference is awesome . i feel i have a new computer . great product . recommended 100
2			i	curious	read	great	memories	great	fans	interested	league	new	job	great	book	great			back in the day with the wha . rebel league by ed willes is a great read and brings back some great memories . in cleveland we had the crusaders which had a couple of decent years . we were entertained by gerry cheevers and paul shmyr . i attended a few games and on one occassion i was treated to see winnipeg with hull and the swedes . they were so much better than most everyone . the league also made it possible to see gordie howe and sons . it worked for a few years umtil the league slowly collapsed . ed willes does a great job covering the year to year happenings along with behind the scenes on how the league was formed and what kind of money was thrown around to join this new and exciting league . this is a must read for those hockey fans who enjoyed attending and following the wha . a great nostalgic book . i also recommend it for fans who are interested in history of hockey and are curious about the wha . a great read .
2			game	great	game	old			blast from the past ! this is a fun game for those who don not want to shoot things or blow things up . it's a great old arcade game . it can be as challenging as you want it to be .
2			debut	great			great debut , a must buy . i will be to the point . rhymefest's debut album brings something not original in some ways , but original in production is of course great . however , brand new , however , is probably the weakest song of them all , i really think they should have chose another song as a single , there are better ones to choose from . even more featuring kanye west also is better . however not so originalanyway , this album is a must buy , rhymefest does his thing well on his own .
2			sabbath	black	song	great	metal	great			where metal began , where metal is great 4.5 stars . a greatest hits cd of perhaps the very first metal band , and you have classics on this one . iron man , paranoid , n . i . b , black sabbath , and sabbath bloody sabbath , a great song . maybe my only drawback with this cd is that it doesnt include symptom of the universe or another song from sabotage instead of am i going insane ? its a great cd and definitely worth buying .
2			microphone	small	price	great			great for the price . it's still working ! pros should have a long life , as it is not thrashed around being mounted . a holster with a stick pad on the bottom , to mount it where you want . i put it on my desk above the keyboa rd great price ! small a desktop microphone , it's going to pick up more background it come in black ? would i buy it again ? definately , definately !
2			series	great			knight rider . great series . i wish they had continued making it . i am still trying to find the 2008 tv movie that started this series .
1			switch	bad			not happy with it . i bought this , and didn not work when it arrived . i figured out that the one i had simply had a bad switch on it , so i went to target and bought another one stopped working during my first me once , shame on you . fool me twice , shame on ain not happening a third time .
2			sound	great	games	old	design	fantastic	game	greatest	it	fun	graphics	great	game	classic	ups	nice	game	great			great classic game . it's no wonder why mario became so popular after this game was released . the level design is fantastic , the graphics and sound are great for it's time , and mario gets a few nice power ups . i don not like all the really old games that much , but this game is definitely the greatest game of the 80 s . it's still pretty fun to play it today . i rate this game 89 100
2			book	popular	it	fun	search	great	escape	great			fun and amusing story . this book can stand on its own , but i like to read it after the great pig escape . the children practice recall and retelling of the first story as the prelude to reading the great pig search . again , the children can outsmart the leading man because as he is looking all over for the pigs , the children can see the pigs right there . this is a very popular book in my class of 4 and 5 year olds . it is great fun for me to read also .
2			imagination	great	car	greatest			the greatest car ! wow i would love to have a car like this . being able to to get anywhere very very fa st the only draw back it takes a while to get started and take off flying , missing all stop signs and traffic only thing there might some traffic with people with other super cars . but i doubt it , it wouldtruly be one of a kind . a great imagination and dream back in the 60 s . so grab the kids and neighborsand have fun with this puppet show . like me , you will love it . . t
2			sharpness	extra	colors	clean	quality	horrible	looks	fake	it	good	textures	clean	screen	large	colors	clear	tv	old	quality	fantastic	release	best	screen	flat			excellent quality image . we purchased this my wife's grandmother who loves sound of music . she only recently got blu ray and a large flat screen , so i was dying to see how things looked all together and force her to use it at least once while we were there . we put it in , and i was floored . the image quality is fantastic . in fact , it's almost too good at times almost looks fake . but i think this was ultimately due to the settings she had on her flat screen . someone pumped it up to vivid settings with extra sharpness i believe . however , even with the settings not optimal or rather as i would prefer them , it was obvious that this release was the best in video quality out there . colors and textures were clean and clear not muddy . i remember watching it late night on the old tv and it was horrible quality compared to this . almost like you are in the movie theater watching it's release . fantastic !
2			cd	great	songs	fantastic			great cd . after buying this cd for its hype , i became an instant lauryn hill fan . all songs on the cd were fantastic . some better than others , but all good . my favorites are to zion , ex factor , & forgive them father . if you like hip hop you will love this cd !
1			songs	flat	production	poor	everybody	glad	rap	bad	songs	repetitive	artwork	weak	anchor	good			mutilation cd a wipe for your bottom . this cd probably wouldn not even make a good boat anchor it would float instead of sink , in other words most everybody including myself is glad jl america records is no more . mutilation is as campy and cheesy as the weak artwork on the front cover is . the songs are repetitive and flat out stinks , bland vocals sounds almost like bad rap at times , and poor production make this disc forgettable . i could give you at least 666 reasons to avoid this like a diesease but i will just leave with what i said above .
2			songs	great	side	good			don not believe the hype . i read reviews about this album and now understand why monster is not appreciated in the rem collection . this album is clearly not about michael stipe , it's about peter buck . monster is peter buck's moment . just listen to the ethereal arrangements in i don not sleep i dream , the delayed distortion effects in let me in and the western style experimental chords in you . monster also has great songs the sexy crush with eyeliner , the softly beautiful tongue . frankly , i have to disagree with the critics . monster is one of rem's most interesting achievements and clearly shows the band deos not just want to please the public . the other good side of it is that most of rem albums tend to dwell in too much melancholy and sometimes sapiness , but monster is uplifting , full of energy and it shows rem as a gutsy upfront band . weel done , boys .
1			i	disappointed	way	poor			razor pocket mod not as advertised . after buying two razor scooters for christmas , i am very disappointed in the end result . the battery life on one pocket mod is only 5 minutes and then it putters out . apparently , this is a problem for razor as they have easily found information on their website . why don not they send out a quality product to begin with rather than having customers tell excited kids , sorry , we will have to get another battery because this one is broken . this is a poor way to run a a business !
2			it	easy	book	great			great book for discovery your inner self . i would recommend this book to everyone . it is easy to read , in fact , one cannot put it down . it iseasy to recognize ourselves in the description of the knight .
2			value	great	it	cool			i still play it . amazing i had this game many years , and i liked it so much that i still play it a lot . it is a great value , especially for the price , and it is cool to design your own city and how it works ! i also recommend buying simcity game is even better than this one !
2			music	great	cd	worth			how can anyone overlook this album . give me a break ! if only people would sit down and really listen to this , they might find some gems here . my faves are she was hot , wanna hold you , and all the way down , not to mention the title cut . i also like too tough and it must be hell . mick , keith and the rest of the gang enjoying themselves , and making great music while they are doing it . this cd is worth the money .
2			show	classic	sets	original	look	great	set	nice	set	complete	set	original	packaging	similar			how can they disgrace this show with this packaging . this has nothing to do with the quality of the show as i would give 6 stars for this amazing show . i wanted to buy this set as friends lost 2 seasons of my original set , so i thought after getting a really nice complete set for the soprano's and also for six feet under i thought i was getting a similar booklet type packaging . i really enjoyed the quality of the booklets and can be used as decoration . not for this wire set . its all bunch up in cheap cardboard smashed in this box , with plastic around the discs . i have never seen worse packaging . i would rather go back to the original sets that look great and have a glossy defined color for each season . i can not believe hbo can treat a classic show like this , the show deserves better .
1			reviews	poor	thriller	solid	one	good	one	low	bit	little	expectations	high	idea	clear			despite poor reviews . despite poor reviews on this site , i really enjoyed just one look . sure , it is not on the level of gone for good or tell no one or a lot of the myron bolitar stuff , but what is ? i think our expectations for coben are so high that we naturally rate this one too low . i agree that the plot is a little bit too complex . i like having a clear idea of what happened at the end , and i do , but i feel like i needed to take notes and draw diagrams on a board in order to fully understand everything . nontheless , it was a very solid thriller and i could not put it down as usual !
2			them	great	disappointment	big			air war for burma . i enjoyed bloody shambles volume 1 and volume 2 it was just as well this book was not labeled volume 3 because it is nothing like the first two books , as it lacks all the variety of interviews and stories included in the first two volumes , which made them great . all in all a big disappointment .
2			picking	outstanding	renditions	great	heights	great	originals	great	they	good	wacky	little			great hartford originals sandwiched between a classic ! the album starts and ends with turn your radio on and shines throughout with hartford , vassar clements , tut taylor , and norman blake carrying the instruments to great heights . they are as good as anyone in bluegrass then and today . recorded in 1971 these cuts still hold up . a little wacky in places but fun . the picking is outstanding and the renditions of turn your radio on are great . this album inspired me to follow all four of these guys for the last 25 years !
1			sizing	poor			poor sizing . not correct size . i have several pairs of these sweats . gave to friend . will not order items from this store again , because they may be selling rejects . don not know for sure .
2			portion	good	it	hard	tool	great	i	pleased			this gave me added motivation that i needed . i really am pleased with my purchase of this pedometer . anyone purchasing one has to first realize that it is just a gadget , it won not help you lose weight , unless you do the workout ! what it's done for me is motivate me to walk more steps each day and to make a good portion of those steps at a brisker pace . i have been wearing mine for about 3 weeks now , increased my speed and my steps and have lost 8 lbs . already . great motivational tool for me . only drawback is the pulse feature , it's sometimes hard to get it to read the pulse .
1			itself	open	belt	old	design	poor			poor design , inadequate materials . drywall screws poke right through the fabric into my flesh . i tried putting a carpenter's pencil in the pocket as in the picture , but it jabs me in the gut every time i bend over . worse , and completely unforgivable , is the hammer loop . it won not hold itself open , and a rubberized hammer handle will stick to it , forcing you to use two hands to replace your hammer . that appears to be only a temporary inconvenience , though , since the fabric is unravelling and i figure i have about 40 hours longer until the loop completely disintegrates . i m going back to the old leather belt .
1			one	good	disapointing	worst	one	worst	one	next			disapointing one of cussler's worst . i have read all of cussler's books fiction and non fiction and this one was by far the worst one he's authored if he did actually write it . the plots a good one but it never fully develops and the ending is rushed for some reason . the characters don not stack up and the whole thing appears to be just barely held together . i hope the next one is far better .
2			book	great	book	odd			the movie made the book odd ! after seeing the movie , then reading the book i felt i could not imagine my own visions of the characters but onyl see lindsey lohan in my head . so do not read this book if you have seen the movie , but overall it was a great book , kinda girly !
1			deal	bad	store	local	buy	bad			bad buy because of shipping . while there is nothing wrong with this product , only buy it online if you can not get it at your local store . shipping makes buying it online a bad deal and you can not use your prime shipping for it .
2			buy	great	shreds	tiny			very dangerous . these are made with very thin glass and when i purchased it , the glass was chipped on one of them and left tiny shreds of glass everywhere when i opend the box . would be a great buy except that . that is why i cannot buy any online now , i have to see them myself .
2			experience	fantastic			mireille delunsch berlioz . i almost never listen to classics but the first time i listen to mireille delunsch berlioz nuits d ete i couldn not believe somebody could sing with zo much beauty it was a fantastic experience this woman is more than a voice .
1			girls	little	movie	best	girls	bad			thank heaven for bad little girls . awesome ! patty mccormack at her be st everyone i suggest this movie to thinks it is the best movie they ever saw .
2			jazz	hot	albums	great	recordings	good	it	hard			doesn not really work . sounds like they added the reggae rhythms on top of good recordings of of reggae covers and willie standards . also the reggae rhythms sound a bit artificial next to the more fluid steel guitar playing and willie's singing . it's actually hard to tell which style is more stiffling to the other . zillions of great willie nelson albums of there to be discovered if you want something interested and slightly obscure of his , check out moonlight becomes you he does country mixed with hot club jazz and ballads a distant cousin of the stardust album .
2			story	good	teller	great	stories	fresh	book	great			another great book by katie mac . katie macalister continues to write wonderfully funny and exciting stories about her dark ones . i highly recommend this to anyone who loves a good vampire story . katie is a great story teller and her humor keeps the stories fresh and exciting .
2			it	good	book	fantastic			great but needed a better ending / very emotional . this book was fantastic , but ms mcdaniel please write another to finish it up ! in the book lifted up by angels ethan promised her they would be together forever ! you have to make that happen ! please ! ! it was so good ! ethan gave up his amish life for her and , neil died . even though he left leah , he has to find out that he still loves her and remamber that promise he made her ! that is why you have to write another book to end this story ! please , ms mcdaniel ! ! !
2			plot	cool	adventures	little	moron	total	levels	big	people	different	game	great	games	best	misunderstanding	little			great game ! first , i would like to say that eric thomson is a total moron . these graphics are not so so . the are that that little misunderstanding is cleared up , let me tell you , jak & daxter is one of the best platform games for ps 2 the levels are really big , and really fun . the plot is really cool , too . you embark on little mini adventures for different people , which keeps the game moving . please go out and get this game right now . and remember , eric thomson is a total moron .
2			novel	great	i	disappointed			great novel , but a corny film . i had to read the novel fahrenheit 451 and then compare it with its movie as a school assignment . i was very disappointed with the movie , mainly because it did not have the same scenes and characters as the book . i give this movie 1 star because i can not give it any lower . don not waste your time with this movie but make sure to read the novel .
2			use	great	scientific	old	display	strong no	display	readable			frustrating . an old oregon scientific finally kicked off after years of great use . ordered this because we still wanted red light display . the display is not strong enough to be readable . the time won not sync accurately . returning product and will order an or sci item .
2			miller	fabulous	lyrics	modern	accompaniment	great	lyrics	traditional	cds	superb			ed miller is fabulous . ed miller is a scottish born folk singer who now lives in the us . i first heard his music on the thistle & shamrock pbs radio program . if you like celtic or folk music you will love this collection . he has a warm , engaging voice with great accompaniment that will have listeners dancing ; his cds are all superb . edinburgh rambler is filled with scottish music and dialect lyrics , both traditional and modern . wonderful !
2			light	great	i	pleased			great light ! i am very pleased with the quality of this product . i have even flown with it in my carry on with no problem . even more , i believe it is helping with my sad . and you can not beat amazon's price !
2			album	boring	music	great	nothing	new			i want my money back ! i am so disapointed ! this album is boring . it's a bunch of warmed over cover tunes , that aren not done very well . when i say they aren not done very well , i mean artistically . they are very well executed by an all star band , but there is nothing new here . there are only a couple of songs worth listening to , brown sugar and povo . one thing that does stand out is christian mcbride's bass playing , especially on povo . technically , the mix is uninspiring . it's a little sad for me to see such artistic giants come up so short . for the record i love stormin norman , rick braun , and kirk . if you want some great music purchase either one of their latest albums , you won not be disapointed or better yet get fourplay's heartfelt , it's totally off the hook !
2			herb	particular	success	great			all the herbs that fit . according to the blurb on the back cover , herbs add dazzle to any dish and for the most part i have got to say that's true . in this book you will find an introductory chapter on herbs , then you will find the chapters broken down by herbs in alphabetical order from anise hyssop to thyme . each chapter has a few recipes from world renowned chefs featuring a dish or appetizer with the chapter's herb . though one particular herb is missing , you know the one , the one you can put in brownies , other than that , you will find quite a range here . i really like emeril lagasse's fall river clam chowder in the thyme chapter and jamie shannon's shrimp creole with rice seasoned with bay in the bay chapter . in fact i have served these two recipes together on several occasions with great success . this is just a delightful cookbook that i just love and i think you might too .
2			memories	great	characters	great	heart	heavy	pictures	great	out	great			a wonderful synopsis of every 30 year old's favorite childho . for anyone else whose heart was heavy when jim henson died , this book will appeal to you . sesame street unpaved is a wonderful account of what inspired those great characters from our favorite street , who creates those characters , and great out takes of our favorite songs rubber duckie ! and favorite skits remember when kermit is reporting for sesame street news ? i read this book in one sitting , and couldn not stop looking at the great pictures of the puppets , the sets , and the kids ! now that i have a child of my own , i get to watch sesame street everyday again , and i have to admit , i miss it ! this book really brings back great childhood memories of turning the channel physically , as in a knob ! to pbs in the morning .
2			cd	quick	i	satisfied	it	great	i	happy			great . i got this cd really quick and it was great , i am very satisfied with this cd . i accidently bought this cd years ago , and i lost it years later . i am so happy to have again .
1			quality	poor	reviewer	previous			very poor quality . i had the same problem as a previous reviewer , the key is stuck in the lock 1 t day using the safe . even the most primitive qa process in the factory would have caught this . there's no excuse for this kind of thing , it's going back to amazon .
1			plot	poor	movie	bad	effects	special	disappointment	huge	version	original	audience	dumb			i need a time machine . get my wasted time back from watching this film ! what a huge disappointment . normally , i m quite laid back with my reviews , but having seen the original version of this film with rod taylor , i was uneasily awaiting the release of this version . bypassing the fact that guy pearce nowhere near fits the lead role , i also found the history and fleshing out of the plot to be greatly lacking . had i not seen the original , i would have been lost for the lack of plot . in addition to a poor plot , there are many logical holes in the story that are ridiculously overlooked , as if the audience is too dumb to catch on . the dvd itself is pretty poorly set up . the bonus features only include one deleted scene , barely there special effects featurettes , and no behind the scenes specials . too bad this movie is such a flop i was looking forward to owning it , but definitely will not add it to my collection now .
2			pictures	easy	choice	great	screen	bright	controls	easy	gift	great	screen	clear			a great gift ! i purchased this as a christmas gift and it was a great choice . the screen is bright and clear and the controls are easy to use . loading pictures is so easy ! our kids love to stop and watch the pictures as they change , recalling the fun we were having in each .
1			noise	extra	purchases	worst	them	hate			extra noise . one of the worst purchases i have made . the cords to the earbuds are fabric covered and rub against clothing , creating load rubbing background noise that is high decibel and louder than the music being delivered . i have to binder clip them to my collar to get them to be acceptible . hate them .
2			item	great	its	rich	material	good	bargain	fabulous	elastic	good			great item for price . love this mattress cover . its rich and made of good material . its sides are a good quality elastic that will not shrink or fall apart in the dryer . its very soft and cozy . i think for the 16.00 spent , its a fabulous bargain . i compared to others at kohl's and ross , and nothing was found under 40 dollars for my cal king mattress .
2			product	great	look	perfect	look	great			perfect fit with a great look . it has been a while since i have purchased levi's and i glad to find that even today they are still an great product with a look that is always perfect .
2			book	best	book	great			a great book . this is the best russian grammar book i have ever bought . it explains how russians really use verbs and does not just give you a dirrect translation . it will help you speak russian how russians speak it . it is a must for anyone studing russian in college , and it is escenial for anyone who has to write papers or stories in russian .
2			deal	great			pricey . these are incredible . i just bought a box at the grocery store for $ 3 . i loved them so i thought i might get a great deal here but this comes out to $ 5.69 a box ! i gave it 5 stars because i based it on the product but the price really makes no sense .
2			buy	great	dial	bright	face	black	it	nice	watch	appropriate	it	easy			great buy . so this was my first fine watch purchase and amazon made it nice and easy . i would suggest that you check out the watch in person and jewelry . you can not beat the price that amazon will give you . what i like about this version of aquaracer is the waffle face , the automatic movement and the band . the band has two tones of silver that works well with the black / grey face . i believe that this watch is appropriate in all settings . the dial is very bright at night , so no worries there . great better price .
2			democrat	hard	facts	great	views	personal	facts	good			good facts but too much politics . i bought this book looking for some facts about our history books . i found about 100 pages of facts in a 400 page book . the rest was all politics and complaining . if you are a socialist or die hard democrat , you will love this book . it complains about republicans and europeans ancestors and blames them for all that is evil in the american system . although democrats lookout , he also complains about president kennedy . yes , our four fathers made a lot of mistakes , and yes , a lot could be added into text books . but , it took him 400 pages to write about all he wanted to complain about . do we really want to add another 400 pages to our text books for our youth to have to read ? i am a history guy , and there are some great facts that make you think . if you could just get rid of all the politics and personal views , it would be a much smaller and more interesting book .
2			they	great	it	difficult	chinese	french	it	frustrating			uggghhh ! frustrating and difficult to use guide . we brought this guide along as the one of two that we chose to lug all the way across the atlantic . one was this one , the other was frommers france much heftier than this one . after two days of trying to make this one work we finally gave up and carried the frommers around everywhere because we could never find restaurants or enough information in the access guide . it was really frustrating to stand at the louvre , look across the street at a massive church and find absolutely no entry in the access guide . it is very difficult to find a restaurant by type of cuisine french , alpine , chinese and many of the hours of museums and restaurants where incorrect in the guide , causing us a lot of lost time in futile trips . definitely opt for the frommers paris or frommers france books if you have a choice . they were great
2			lady	great			what a courageous lady ! anna patty duke , is a great lady ! this book , an excellent and sad look at what a bipolar person goes through with and without help , i m so happy that there is a name and treatment for this very sad illness . anna tells it like it is and does it with class ! may god bless anna duke !
2			bell	little	it	nice	music	dynamic	cd	great	songs	fresh			christmas would be just another day without brenda lee ! this is a great cd . but of course all brenda's are . if you aren not in the christmas mood , put this cd on and you will feel the spirit of christmas right away . the angel and the little blue bell will be sure to give you a tingle . i just love this song . although i like the standards , it is nice to have fresh songs like strawberry snow and marshmallow world . christmas just wouldn not be christmas without the dynamic christmas music provided by the one and only , brenda lee !
1			movie	worst	fan	big	acting	terrible	movies	good	school	high			save your money and time ! i am a big horror movie fan , which includes trying to find good b horror movies . so , when i tell you that this is undoubtedly the worst movie i have ever come across , that's saying something . terrible acting , photography that will make you seasick one of the hazards of making a lame attempt at a blair witch knockoff , i don not even know where to stop with my lamentations . i will save you an hour of your life by telling you to avoid this thing like the plague . it was as though they would given a handheld video cam to a bunch of high school kids and just let them goof off in front of it in fact , i think that is exactly what happened . save your time , save your money , and skip this . thing .
2			character	main	one	terrible	peace	great	second	great	book	great			i loved the first two and this one broke my heart . the first book , the forever war was great . the second , forever peace was almost as great . this one was terrible . it started out fine as a sequel to both the first and second even though they weren not related to each other . the ending was a disaster , and my secret hope is that it was tacked on by someone other than haldeman . you know those endings where the main character wakes up and realizes everything that happened was a dream ? that's not what happened , but what did happen was equally unsatisfying .
1			you	disappointed	it	atrocious	dvd	worst	thing	best			the worst dvd ever . this is the worst dvd i have ever seen . it is atrocious . the best thing about this is the cover which makes you think you are getting quite a steal for your $ 5 you will be thoroughly disappointed . it is an embarassment not only to the people who made it but also to the companies who are selling it . if there were any ratings less than one star this would be the product that gets it .
2			resource	great	talks	small	jersey	new			a great resource for catholic men . our men of god group meets once a month in northern new jersey . this book was an answer to prayer and has openned the hearts and minds of the men involved . the book will lead you through the bible and catachisim to prepare your thoughts for the small group talks at the meeting . if you prayerfully use this book and share with the men of your group you will grow closer to the lord and the brothers in the meeting . one note , as you share in your groups it becomes apparant men go through the same problems and your not alone .
2			bands	great	songs	different	song	new	album	worth no			what happened ? limp bizkit used to be an ok band , but when they released this album , they sampled a few songs , they took their song cambodia , made it into 2 different songs because they wanted to fill up tracks , and were too lazy to write a new song . if you people are looking for great bands , get nirvana , system of a down , korn who unfortunatly sold out a while ago , or sublime . a few of the songs limp bizkit sampled were faith , parts of re arranged , and a few other you can find if you can check the album covers . me , i play guitar , and all of their songs are extremely easy to play , which is never good . this shows that they make extremely simple songs that were probably thought up , recorded , and edited in an hour . this album is not worth your money .
2			book	great			great book for cycling enthusiasts ! this book is so cute very cool illustrations and it's a very cute story , too . both of my kids love it and my husband loves reading to them about his favorite sport !
2			read	great	one	excellent	i	disappointed no	fan	huge	it	funny			great read . since neverwhere , i have been a huge neil gaiman fan . i really enjoy his writing style , and this one was excellent . a lady at the bookstore recommended this book to me , and i was definitely not disappointed . it's a very strange tale , but also funny and intellectually intriguing . excellent novel .
2			i	disappointed	it	good	it	great	solo	amazing	i	amazed	songs	numerous	water	high			uneven , but when blackmore plays , he plays good . this cd has been correctly documented as an uneven concert . it is the come hell or high water show . yes , it isn not perfect . but when it is good , it is very , very good . when i first purchased this cd i was very disappointed . i listened to it once and put it away . 2 years later i put it on and was amazed by the musicianship esp . blackmore . yes he doesn not play at times , but when he does it is great . and gillan's voice is shot not being able to carry several parts of numerous songs . he even quits singing in child in time . but blackmore's solo is amazing . as the one reviewer said this is deep purple . enjoy them as once they are gone there is no other band who can take their place .
2			combo	great	combination	great	one	new	cartridge	old			great combo . this is a great combination . i use it at work on toughbooks . refilling the pen is easy . just turn the barrel counter clockwise , pull out the old cartridge , and push in the new one .
1			quality	poor	system	entire	customer	worst			poor quality product and customer service . initially the monitor worked well and then the video portion stopped working . no picture at all . contacted safety 1 t got the run around for a week and then said it needed to be replaced and that the only way they would do that was to send in the entire system . so now i am without any monitoring system after spending the money for what was supposed to be the be st bottom line poor quality , unreliable backed up by the worst customer service policy i have ever seen .
1			film	bad	scene	next	budget	low	soldiers	effective no	acting	poor			one star is too much . this film was bad on many levels . this is a low budget film . most of this film is filled with bright shining flashbacks to the soldiers girlfriends . they do it so much its annoying . the acting was very poor , the script may have been written by a ten year old . the super soldiers in this film are children . the super soldiers are not effective soldiers and die easily . the nazis in this film wear green overcoats and in the next scene wear brown coats . the weapons in this film are obvious fakes . the colt 1911 in most of this film looks like a bb gun . the luger has no moving toggle and clicks many times when empty . the tank in this film , supposed to be a tiger is an obvious fake . somehow the tank commander is in command of all the nazis in this film . the editor of this film seems to be a novice . the opening scene a jeep explodes and it takes far too long .
2			musicians	great	teen	young	album	entire			a star shines bright in the heavens joss stone . s curve records presents miss joss stone and her second outing mind body & soul , featuring another gem of tunes and stone's increasing maturity of delivery mixed with honesty and passion . stone's writings flow naturally with her signature identity not heard since aretha franklin hit the deliciousness of stone's voice and tunes are full of pure soul . listen as she sings right to be wrong , security , spoiled and torn and tattered , smooth as silk , her voice can weave a web of enchantment and you never know what hit young teen from the u . k . has a wonderful future ahead of her . a sense of passion is in every song she perfor ms . great backup musicians lend a helping entire album is a soulful musical the way we like em ! total time 73 20 on 15 tracks s curve records 94897 9 28 2004
2			movie	hate	picture	great	movie	horrible	spiderman	good			i hate this movie . great picture sounds good i hate this movie the only good spiderman is the first 2 and 3 were horrible
2			books	great	job	great			mary russell tapes . my family absolutely loves these books and we think jenny stirlin does a great job as a reader . her american accents aren not the greatest , but she reads the book with familiarity . i would highly recommend them as great books to listen to on a road trip .
2			disc	great	album	heavy	rock	hard	voice	great			their best after their early days . firefly introduces john lawton , heep's second singer , who has a great voice . overall this album and the others with lawton has more of a bluesy / soul kind of feel it reminds me of the early whitesnake and david coverdale stuff of the same period . i would like to point out here that , after the first 3 albums , uriah heep never really put out a constantly heavy album , in fact , almost all the remasters i have have mick box saying not one of our heavier efforts . . , but this one is a little more hard rocking than the others with lawton . overall , it's a great late -70 s hard rock disc .
1			others	bad			still reacting months later . as many other prior users of prevage md , i began to get itchy spots not right away , but after approximately 6 weeks of use . three spots on my forehead , one along an eyebrow , and one along the side of my nose . this frightened me , given what i had read of the bad experience others had with itching and rashes i stopped using this product immediately . i have not used prevage md for over 4 months . the itchy spots that developed during use of this product calmed down after i quit using it , but they have not gone away . intermittent itching followed by the spot getting dry and crusty and then peeling over and over and over again . i have made an appointment with my dermatologist and am hoping for relief . be careful with this one folks ! !
2			it	funny	information	useful	book	great			great book for husbands . my husband actually enjoyed reading this book . it's really quite funny and also full of useful information . definitely worth picking up .
1			guys	little	months	bad	passage	clear	luck	good	intake	clear	consumer	friendly no	consumer	black	coffeemaker	previous			be careful when deciding . i bought the previous 12 cup spacesaver coffeemaker . why they can not uniformly keep the installation holes in the same place i will never know . the underneath portion of my cabinet has holes all over ! my $ 55 dollar model lasted 1 year warranty period and 2 months too bad . it just stopped . no intake of water , the the passage was clear . oh , and yea , they have non consumer friendly screws . you can not find a screwdriver that works on these little guys . sort of like a star with a upraised dot in the middle . since this 12 cup is out of warranty , and i need an under the cabinet model , i bought the only other one that is made . the 10 cup carafe , by consumer unfriendly black and decker . haven not opened the box yet . good luck to me .
2			information	great	i	happy			machinists workshop magazines . great magazine very interesting and helpful information in each was recommended to me by a friend . and i am very happy that i found out about its availability .
2			bag	great	it	great	space	extra			great bag ! we bought this bag to use with a newly installed hitch mounted cargo idea is to add to the cargo room in our subaru for some weekend camping bag's pictures and description did not really do it justice . it is very thick material that we believe will stand up to lots and lots of use . we just came back from our first camping trip and it was great ! easy to load , easy to zip closed , easy to secure to the cargo carrier . the expandable feature is nice , but we needed all the extra space the bag set up , of a hitch cargo carrier and basket is so much easier to use than the roof top carrier we had . who wants to take a step ladder along on a camping trip and load stuff on the roof of a car in the rain ? the bag fastens securely to the cargo rack , and the zip closure is protected by a flap that covers the zipper and then velcro locks to the bag itself . very thoughtfully only thing that might make this bag better would be a storage pouch .
2			curling	little	thickness	great	mats	thin	it	bad no			perfect for the price ! the length and width is enough for most men and women so you aren not forced to squeeze yourself onto the mat . the thickness is great and provides excellent cushioning for those that need it . other mats can be so thin that the cushioning is close to nothing but this mat is the exception to that . rolling of the mat does leave a little curling at one end of the matt but this is the worst i can say of this mat so it must not be that bad for the price .
2			things	little	mistakes	big	job	great			everyone made at least one of the big money mistakes . when it comes to money we do strange things that are not logical at all . for example , how many times did we hear somebody paying over 20 of interest on a credit card debt and at the same time hoarding cash in a savings account that earns us 1 ? we probably heard this numerous times . the author does a great job describing all the little things that we do with our money that makes absolutely no sense . no matter how smart we are , this book makes us look in the mirror and realizes how illogical we are about some of our money decisions . i highly recommend this book . mariusz skonieczny , author of why are we so clueless about the stock market ? learn how to invest your money , how to pick stocks , and how to make money in the stock market
2			guitar	typical	wes	great	opinion	humble	recordings	greatest	masterpiece	lyrical	ridl	great	textures	exotic	vision	creative			composition and technique equal lyrical masterpiece . pat martino's unbelievably beautiful album , the maker , transcends the typical jazz guitar outing where many of todays artists are out to prove they are the fastest guns in the west by playing well practiced licks on tunes that the great wes montgomery wrote over thirty years ago . that's not what jazz is about and never was . here , on the other hand , pat uses his overwhelming knowledge of harmony to create exotic and other worldly textures to carryout his singular creative vision . these five portraits in miniature include changes in time , mood , and feel , and along with the unerring support of the great jim ridl and marc johnson to give us , in my humble opinion , one of the greatest jazz recordings of our time . this record is an absolute must for the serious jazz fan .
1			cd	next	cd	good no	voice	great no			not that good . this cd is not very good . bless the martyr and kiss the child was better , and o god the aftermath was better than all of them . this cd seems very muffled and his voice is not that great . the cd seems rushed , and just isn not norma jean at all . i hope their next cd is better .
2			movie	great	movie	classic	son	old	girl	little	pack	good			good movie pack . great family movie . the first one is kinda of sad . my five year old son cried during the movie because he felt for the little girl . th second movie was shorter than i thought but still a classic disney movie .
1			canister	difficult	vacuum	suck	bagless	healthy	product	worst	carpet	new	vacuum	heavy			vacuum sucks ! this vacuum was recommended by consumer reports . it is the worst product i have ever owned . i have new carpet and own 3 dogs . the internal pipes of the vacuum would clog after 3 swipes over my carpet . the filter system over the canister is where the problem starts . the canister is also very difficult to empty . it is designed so the user must reach into the dirt that is collected in order to turn a nob to free most of the remaining dirt ! dust goes everywhere in the air , in your lungs , on your clothes , in the air and back into the house ! if you need a heavy duty vacuum , thebissell 5770 healthy home bagless upright vacuumis a much better buy in every way .
2			it	open	pedometer	fantastic	it	useless	it	hard			broke after 1 week . this pedometer was fantastic for the one week that i owned and used it . my only complaint was that it was hard to get it open . well , that problem was solved when the latch broke altogether ! now it's useless and will be thrown in the garbage . don not waste your money .
2			idea	great	i	excited			mess ! great idea ! i was excited to be able to use this but when i pushed the plunger it went squirting in babys eyes
2			album	great			beautiful music . you just can not beat conway for beautiful music . this is a great album . i have it downloaded on my kindle and listen to it where ever i go .
2			it	addictive	show	great	i	fantastic			eureka . great show ! it's addictive . i haven not finished the series but every show , starting at season 1 has been fantastic . wish it wasn not ending .
2			invention	great	books	hard			i love the kindle . as an avid book reader i was concerned about abandoning the feel and warmth i get from my hard copy books . now my kindle has become my daily friend and traveling companion . i m just back from a 250 mile round trip from santa barbara to la . i plugged my kindle into my ipod input in the car and listened to it all the way down and back . what a great invention .
2			pioneers	great	stories	great	pioneers	big			surfing's big wave pioneers . great stories of surfing's great , big wave pioneers . great stories & insightful interviews . beautiful photography , both vintage & recent . amazing what these incredable men had accomplished for the surfing world . a must see for anyone who appriciates sports legends .
2			knowledge	valuable	deal	great			needlessly wordy and long winded . while o brien seems to really know his stuff , and the book covers a vast array of material , it's just too darn wordy . his sentence structure , and word usage are awkwa rd many of the terms he uses are needlessly large and difficult to understand . he uses terms like not actical planning , proactive and interactive , and the like with out even explaining what he means . many of his sentences have fillers and are full of simple fact is that text books that are well written make learning the material easier . i implore the author to fix this is a poorly written book that has a great deal of valuable knowledge .
2			espesially	great			gamer the movie . this movie is a great movie espesially for those who like video games , it relates very well to is non stop action from beginning to end . a very well made movie .
2			hook	additional	bag	great	looks	nice	i	anxious	stars	low	companion	great			great bag ! i gave this low stars on fun and educational because it is after all just a backpack ! today i received this bag and was anxious to see if it would fit our leap pad pro we are giving our son for christmas . it did ! it has plenty of room . however , my backpack does not look like that one pictured . the one i received in the mail has a dark blue cover and lime green sides and back with yellow straps . it looks very nice . and it is very will make a great companion to our leap pad pro . also , it has an additional strap / hook on the back so you can hang it up .
1			characters	realistic no	characters	main	drivel	realistic no	review	real	literature	bad			absolutely awful . i m sure you have read the plot synopsis by now , so i will skip it and get to the real review . this book is a long , contrived , boring piece of unrealistic drivel . this guy went to harvard ? it reads like an encyclopedia brown mystery , except you figure it all out much quicker . the characters are underdeveloped and frighteningly unrealistic not to mention just plain stupid . it took them 400 pages to figure out what was going on ? maybe they went to harvard , too . evidently , in dr cook's world nobody ever utters an obscenity or does anything risque or more involved than making love . we get pages and pages about a man having an affair with his business associate , been when it comes to the pivotal moment the experience is summed up in two words . sounds like cook is as prudish as his main characters . skip this book unless you enjoy mind bogglingly bad literature a la mystery science theater 3000 , perhaps . this is my first , and last , robin cook novel .
2			lewis	classic	cast	good	movies	underrated	actress	real	cult	fabulous	script	original	cast	great			fantastic , a cult classic , juliette lewis is fabulous . this movie is by far one of my all time favorites . the cast is almost too good , even the minor roles , you get so wraped up in the movie that your angry when it ends . the only thing i dont like is the lack of character juliette lewis got to play . the scenes she was in , especially her breath taking renditions of p . j . harveys songs , were extraordinary but in the original script she had more scenes which i think would have given her character and the movie more one of the most real and raw actress's out there today and should be given more rest of the movie and cast were just great . this is on of the most overlooked and underrated movies i have ever come across . i sometimes think if they had realeased it nearer to the millenium , that it would have done better . but i guess we will never know .
2			ideas	new	bean	great	he	smart	anyone	wrong	book	good			a good book but no ender's game . just like the book bean was great but no ender , he is as smart as ender but could never lead , he was too abrasive and not as mature as ender . in addition anyone who says that bean is smarter is wrong , he may have thought up one or two new ideas but it was ender who implemented them to perfection not bean .
2			cast	great	movie	great	movie	good	jokes	funny			the funniest movie i have ever seen . this is one of the funniest movies i have ever seen jokes are very funny and the cast is great . i heard this movie was good so i watched it and i laughed my but off . everyone should see this movie because its really a great movie to watch along with the first movie too .
1			i	wrong	reviews	poor	looks	nice	reviews	real no	product	reliable			don not buy this junk . before buying this product i read all the reviews . unfortunately , i didn not pay enough attention to the warnings that the product doesn not work . i thought i could trust a company like sony to deliver a reliable product and figured that the poor reviews were the result of consumer error . i was wrong . the complementary reviews on this site just can not be real . the product looks nice but works like a piece of junk .
1			i	sorry	substitute	poor	thing	real			forget this hammock . i have had a number of hammocks and this is by far the sags and touched the ground after one looks like some of the quality hammocks , but in fact is a poor substitute . i am sorry i did not spend more and get the real thing !
1			performance	poor	dealer	local	it	true	names	big	lebowski	big			pathetic . i rented this movie as i have seen most of the others from my local dealer . i was trapped into that movie because it was classified as a comedy . let me tell you this . it's not a comedy but rather a poor performance of some big names . romano was the funniest character in this movie and that should tell you what to expect . most of the things were said already in the other 1 star reviews so i don not feel like repeating it's all true . to figure out if your humor , appreciated reader , is close to mine then let me tell what kind of movies made me crack up big lebowski , analyze this and that and fish called wanda . if this is your kind of humor , then avoid this movie . oliver , germany
2			thriller	great	man	old			dead end book . this was another great demille thriller until about fifty pages from the end , when it became ever more obvious that he had no ending to his story . as 9 -1 -1 approaches , the nagging fear that he had created a plot with no plausible conclusion grew in fact , any reader would realize at that point that he intended to end the book with the terrorist attack on the wtc . still , i read on , hoping that he would not do something so trite to a loyal reader like me . but he did . no conclusion . all of the principals save john corey go up in smoke . the evidence disappears . no he has the gall to thank his son for helping him out of what he gradually realized was a dead end . hey , thanks kid , you bailed your old man out ! too bad . if nelson did not realize his plot had no conclusion before he started , then he's a fool . i think he just likes the money . he will get no more of mine .
1			quality	poor	quality	famous	disappointment	total	value	good	smells	bad			wow , disappointed . never thought i would give one star to this product . i do like faber castell , i m an artist and have many products of this set was a total disappointment . if you ever had are al german faber castell items you will understand what i mean . it's made in korea not in germany . it smells bad , the package quality is poor , the pastel quality is poor . urghi know it's all about the price and it's a good value for this money . but when i buy faber castell i expect the famous german quality .
2			work	amazing	music	new	music	alive	cd	awesome			love cd is awesome . the work done by father and son martin team is amazing . this really makes the music alive and new .
1			message	poor			disappointed . i enjoyed the music but the story completely misrepresented the christian faith and at times made fun of it . the one person who realized that their singing should have been for the glory of god was portrayed as up tight and hard nosed . she was converted in the end and joined the others for the win . the teenage daughter was encouraged to not be a church girl and disobey her mom and do what she felt like . the movie sent a very poor message . even if your not a christian you can at least respect the choices of those who are .
1			game	different	batteries	new	it	bad	batteries	different	batteries	fresh			not satisfied . what a really fun idea for a game . it is too bad we returned our elefun game because it did not blow out the butterflies very well at all . only one or two blew out very slowly . we followed the instructions and put in fresh new batteries and even tried different batteries but the toy did not have the power to blow out the butterflies for the fun that is should be . we even tried a second time with a different elefun game and had the same results .
2			writing	great			a timeless page turner . greene's work , although provinvial in the sense that they are terribly british i don not always get what he is talking about , is a knockout ! what great great writing ! really unbeatable travel reading . don not hesitate .
2			interruptions	static	fit	great	functionality	horrible	disappointment	total	interruptions	general			great form / fit , horrific function . bought the bt 5020 to use with my blackberry pearl , to replace my jabra bt 250 fit / finish / form and comfort are much better for my ear than the 250 however , the functionality of this 5020 is horrible . there is massive static , crackling and general comms interruptions even when the phone is 12 inches from the headset . totally unacceptable . on the calls i have made with this headset , the other party has said it sounded like i was on the moon or orbiting earth in the space shuttle . unacceptable and a total disappointment .
2			sound	great	you	wonderful	ladies	wonderful			great sound . ladies you are wonderful ! i got a chance to see you live in houtson , tx at the cogic aims 2000 were the bomb ! i love shackles .
1			cd	terrible	me	sick	cd	worst	things	small	fan	huge	stuff	old	i	mad			2 d worst blink cd . i was a huge fan of blink until they became sellouts . i loved flyswatter , budda , cheshire cat , and dude ranch . but then they came out with this cd . i was so mad because they had become pop sellouts . songs like all the small things and what's my age again make me sick . i m sick of hearing people say they are blink fans when they haven not heard their old stuff like chesire cat and dude ranch . they think their fans just because they have eots . your kidding yourself if you think they aren not pop . listen to this cd after listening to dude ranch and you will realise their sellouts . this cd is terrible .
2			me	mad	ropes	long	we	excited	seat	great	it	long	one	specific			not as pictured ! just got this seat , we were so excited to get it . i ordered this specific one because it has the belt across the swing with a snap clip . well the one they sent us has the chain across the seat ! ! not a belt like pictured . beware ! the ropes are also about 6 feet long , i have to tie it in a knot 3 times to get it to the right height . you cannot adjust the ropes either ! the chain across the seat is really long too , it hangs down and is not tight like in the picture , i have to loop it through and hook it to the chain . i cant even secure it to the hook they have because it is so long . if it was sent as pictured it would be a great seat ! it still works but i have to rig it and that makes me pretty mad ! i would reccommend getting the seat with a chain not a rope since they are going to send you one with a chain across the seat anyways !
1			rice	worst			possibly rice's worst . the one redeeming quality this book has is the development of lestat . the plot left very much to be desired . the book rivals lasher for my worst of anne rice pick . unfortunately , it is a must read for the rest of the vampire chronicles . fortunately , tale of the body thief makes the time worthwhile .
1			guy	bad	they	good	penchant	equal	it	hard			many pages , little of interest . this is a rather boring novel about a bunch of one dimensional characters who are at war with a guy who lives in a tower . they are supposed to be good i think , and the guy in the tower is supposed to be bad . but as they all seem to have an equal penchant for fighting , and since we never get much insight into the tower guy's personality or designs , it is hard to discern between them . reading this book , i kept asking myself why couldn not the good just invite the tower guy over for tea instead , maybe they could have become the best of friends ? it is not that i dislike long novels . i love war and peace , and don quixote , and ulysses . because they are interesting and well written . the lord of the rings is not .
2			memories	great			great memories . love this cd . lesley gore was a fave of mine in the 60 and listening to her again brings back some great memories . get the will like it .
2			mood	different	something	good	effort	great			great solo effort . i have loved this album since it first came out ! something to grab for is as good as any cars song . like another reviewer said , it will grow on you . overall sets a different mood than what you expect from the cars sound . definitely a must have at the cheap price .
1			daughter	old	feel	bad			hit your kid , if all else fails . as a christian i felt compelled to get this book now that i have a challenging toddler . dr dobson is practically a hero in thechristian parenting community . i knew that he advocated spanking , which i don not , but thought i could get some other pearls of wisdom from the book . this book boils down to , hit your kid if you don not know what else to do . i finally stopped reading it all together when he wrote about hitting his 15 month old daughter with a switch . yikes , i feel bad for those another book .
2			sound	fantastic			altec lansing xt 2 speakers . heard about these speakers on xm radio and decided to buy and try them . when i got them was surprised at how easy to connect and the sound . sound is just fantastic . my laptop never sounded so good with all the music i have downloaded . recommend these to anyone useing a laptop at home .
1			performance	poor	flight	international			delivery was guaranteed but did not arrive in time . i ordered these noise canceling headphones specifically for an international flight i was to take the following week . i ordered them 2 d day delivery guaranteed , to be delivered by friday . the headphones did not arrive by the following monday , and i did not have them in time for my flight . i was not reimbursed for the late delivery . this was a poor performance by amazon and ups .
2			place	great	city	small	story	short	town	small			reading it didn not help , unfortunately . i have read several of parks book , enjoyed them all . reading this one about life in a small town not verona , but montecchio , which is in verona province ; verona is a city of 250 000 did not warn me off moving to verona for three years , 2005 -2008 verona , though a small city , is really a conglomeration of neighborhoods , and i should have listened to parks more . but who knew ? long story short , nothing , and i mean nothing , prepares you for living in italy except actually going there and doing it . we returned after three years . our favorite saying is , the usa has its craziness , too , but it's our craziness and we grew up understanding it . italians are the most exasperating people , though i know that italians say that about this book , don not discount any of it , and know that living in italy part time as in under the tuscan sun is not the same as 365 days a year . italy is a really great place to visit .
1			ass	real	city	new	ass	bad	villian	total	character	good	tracks	great	mu	bad	itself	good	music	best	movie	good			paid the cost to be the boss . look at me uknowwhat you see ? you see a bad mu ! james brown put together the soundtrack for this film and has some of his best music on here , instrumentals by the jb's that went on to become samples for hip hop favorites , as well as some great tracks including the boss quoted and born and raised in nyc i was born in new york city , on a monday , seems i was out shinin shoes by tuesday noon ! the movie itself is surprisingly pretty good . tommy is intense and a real bad ass . neither a simple robin hood , nor a total villian , he's a good character .
2			it	great	it	fun			it was great until it froze . i was really enjoying this player . i brought it to the gym with me and played a recording of my white noise machine so i wouldn not have to listen to fox news . however , it froze on me today . i suspect the reason is because the audiobook that i downloaded from my public library had expired . why this should cause the player to freeze , i have no idea . i use the paperclip thing and turn it back on and it says restoring library but then goes back to the same picture of the expired library book . also , i can not seem to charge it now either . well , my wife and i have used it for 2 years , so i guess that's it . it was fun while it lasted .
2			it	sturdy	wagon	little	wagon	great			great little hauling wagon . we bought this wagon to use for hauling household items between the two buildings on our property , and it is sturdy over a rocky path , and the elevated sides keep things from falling out .
2			movie	great	tool	great			great motivational movie . great movie for the family , and a great motivational tool for the kids , and or a team !
2			n	best	dinosaurs	awesome			dinosaurs are awesome in games . i remember renting this game from blockbuster and i always had fun with it . today , it still is a fun game for n 64 but the controls are really werid . not bad , but they are something that people have to get used to . seeing dinosaurs in a game like this is awesome . overall , it's not one of the best n 64 games . but it does hold it's own as a fun game .
1			performance	poor			review . poor performance . for as efficient as the grinder attachement is , this thing really let me down . the ground sausage is nearly impossible to force through this .
1			it	worst	literature	modern	it	brilliant	favorite	least	you	willing	literature	literary	imagery	sexual			too horrible to read . of all the books in the world this is my least favorite . notice that i didn not say it was the worst ; i said it was my least favorite . the difference is that i don not think it's a poorly written book , although i also don not think it's as brilliant as some people seem to think . the writing is very poetic , and if you like modern literary literature , you will almost certainly like this book . if you like to cut to the very soul of some deeply twisted characters , then this is the book for you . however , if , like me , you would prefer not to read poignantly vivid descriptions of incestuous rape , don not pick up this book . if you have any limits as to what degree of perversity you are willing to read in a book , this one definately crosses them . i m not necessarily saying it's gratuitous , but it's still you want to read a toni morrison book without so much crude sexual imagery try song of solomon mind you , there's still plenty in that , too , it's just not as graphic .
1			quality	poor			quality not what i expected . after watching these movies for years on vhs and dvd i was expecting a better transfer to blu ray that was on a par as the jaws blu ray . the quality in parts was blurry and pretty poor for a blu ray disc . pretty disappointed really .
2			feedback	great	blocks	awesome	you	tight	fingers	little	quality	high			high quality walker that keeps our boy entertained . we got our walker when spencer turned 8 months . he loved playing with the wire / block section and at about 9 months he started to push the cart with some help from mom . two weeks later he was pushing it on his own and by 10 months he took his first steps alone ! we love this walker . it's well made and even though the block compartments can snap down hard , it's made with enough clearance so little fingers don not get hurt even if 'snapped on . the blocks are awesome to play with and our sone recently learned to climb the toy as if it was steps . not the safest way to play with it , but there is a brake on the back side to prevent it from tipping you are looking for some guidance on baby registry essentials , visit it's got great feedback on what you should get and what you could live without , especially if you are tight with space or money .
1			quality	poor	bears	black	quality	bad			realm of the ancient redwoods . bad poor picture quality in some sceans ; blured , gainy , out of focus , low def . camera . more about other topics than redwoods bears , cougers , pandas , black bears , fish . the topic of redwoods is almost left out ! wish i could rewind this purchase and get back my money !
2			you	disappointed	it	pricey	option	great	treatment	weak	bookstore	local	way	great	concept	great			great concept weak treatment . okay , here's the deal . i m looking for a great way to study for the bar . a thirty or sixty day cruise sounded like a great option . i wouldn not buy it again though . although this is a fairly entertaining read , it's a bit pricey it's privately published so you are probably not going to find it at your local bookstore . i was disappointed by its size , scope , and overall treatment of the bet if you happen to see this book at a garage sale pick it up . don not pay full price you will be disappointed .
1			ending	interesting	setting	terrific	chapters	slow	chapters	bad			numbered account entertaining and interesting . i truly enjoyed this book beginning to end . the setting was terrific although i would have enjoyed more detail on zurich and switzerland in general . the characters were reasonably developed , and the ending was quick paced and interesting . the middle chapters were a little slow , but nowhere near as bad as a tom clancy novel . overall it was fine entertainment and i would recommend it without hesitation .
2			movie	great	looks	great			barbara crampton looks great in leather ! great horror movie ! jeffrey combs does very well in this one
2			focus	main	costello	easy	movement	general	songwriter	great	sense	healthy			irrefutable pop brilliance . elvis costello is never easy to pin down . he's a punk , a crooner , a folkie and a jazzman all at once . one thing is certain , he is a brlliant artist and a great songwriter , with a healthy pop sense . before costello branched out into other styles , his main focus on the punky side of pop . and this is his most defining moment in that era . each song on here crackles with the tight energy associated with punk , but there is too much tongue and cheek for this be hardcore . moreover , the songwriting is just too clever to ignore , further removing this year's model from the general english punk movement . elvis was always too civilized to be chaotic and angry , more of a crossed up lover than anything else . this year's model is just a brilliant album overall and should be in anyone's collection .
1			night	worst	them	defective			worst night's sleep ever ! holy mother of itch ! i received these luxurious sheets yesterday . made the bed with them and when bedtime came , i slid into what seemed like a bed of burlap . like i would washed the sheets with the cat . i went back to the product description to read between the comments that rated these sheets 5 stars . i see others who rated them 1 star . those people also mentioned that a number of washings even with fabric softener did not make this set any softer . back they go . i am not sure if it's because i ordered the chestnut . maybe it was the dye . not sure . but i will be returning them as defective and not reordering this brand .
2			fan	huge	read	easy	read	great	read	short			great short read . i m a huge fan of henry james and this novel is one of my favorites . it's a short easy read great for a weekend trip .
1			mouse	new	album	sweet	speedwagon	bad	spoon	new	ms	good			so . ummmm . one guy came up to me and said that this album was so sweet . spoons be st and i put it on . and listened to it . it sounds like a bad reo speedwagon the kids must love it . i speedwagon has not been on tour for a they don not need to be , now that spoon has released this boring album . their older stuff ain not that bad either . it must be the record industry fueling the press to sell records . like the new modest mouse and had sweet albu ms but no press . now they have wack albums and tons of of like reo speedwagon . except they never had any good albu ms that to a wagon head and you will get the same response you would get from someone who is totally digging this new spoon this where rock is at now ?
2			it	great	it	difficult	popcorn	best			best popcorn . my children love to eat popcorn every night . we have been searching for a popcorn they could both agree on . my daughter likes lots of butter , my son not so much . one day i lucked on to orville redenbacher's tender white microwave popcorn and we found our solution . everyone in the family loves it ! unfortunately , it can be difficult to find in stores enter amazon . it's great having this hard to find popcorn delivered to my house .
2			it	loud	suppressor	separate	drives	hard	side	hot	it	bad no			it's not that bad . this drive definitely runs on the hot side with prolonged continuous use , and it's loud , but knock on wood it hasn not been unreliable so far , and i have had mine for almost a year . i basically isolated the drive from my other external hard drives , and have it connected to a separate surge suppressor with a convenient foot was totally plug and play with windows xp sp 2 so i don not know what that reviewer's problem was . for the reviewer concerned about the 232 b vs 250 b , that's the difference in how the bits are counted . every drive ends up having less memory that what's advertised on the box .
2			requiem	great	album	worth			an excellent introduction . how do you do , herre mozart ? verr gut ! this compilation serves as a fair sampler to what waits in store for those listeners who are moved by the music of w . a . mozart . the recording starts off with a bang symphony number 25 g minor , k 183 , then moves into the most delightful , tender serenade . with helpings of would on giovanni , the great requiem in d minor , k 626 and , of course , other choice cuts ; this album is worth exploring for the mozart newcomer . caveat emptor mozart is even more than this album suggests .
1			product	terrible	break	laughable	stickfas	small	fraction	small	edges	sharp	toy	worst			terrible product . this is without a doubt the worst toy i have encountered in a long time . the ease with which the parts break would be laughable were they not so expensive . in putting the dragon together , a key piece broke making construction impossible . don not let the pictures fool you these stickfas are very small and made of decidedly cheap plastic redundant ? i became immediately concerned when upon opening the box i found that all the pieces were together on several of those plastic frames from which they have to be removed , which results in a plethora of rough , sharp edges on all of the pieces perfect for the younger set not ! to think that the company has opted to offer this garbage while at the same time discontinuing an excellent toy in the same genre xevoz sp ? speaks volumes about where their heads are at . do yourself a favor and avoid stickfas at all costs . it's badly made and not even close to being worth a small fraction of the asking should call them suckfas .
1			predjudices	religious	plot	little	books	worst	story	readable			one of the worst books i have read in a long tme . dana stabenow takes her religious predjudices and slaps the reader in the face with them in play with fire . i have read , and enjoyed , her other books . this book has very little plot and is poorly written . maybe instead of bashing religion , dana should have focused on writing a readable story . this book has already been deleted off of my ipad .
2			band	great			love to play while writing ! luna's a great band with a very distinct sound . this album in particular has the rare quality where you can sit down and enjoy it or have it playing in the background while you do other write or clean . also , luna's sense of humor comes through with the cover of gun's and roses sweet child . enjoy !
2			part	great	part	adequate			this book helps if you have some experience . if you have built your own pcs at home and have a couple of years of experience using windows , this book is enough to help you pass the hardware part is great and very os part is adequate but doesn not really hit the marks on the exam . i had to rely on my pc experience to pass the os exam . overall , any person with a decent amount of pc knowledge will pass the a exams with no problem using only this book .
2			work	good	performer	great	he	hot			hottest album of the year . this is my favorite album along with lloyd's street love which i have also reviewed . this boy can sing his heart out and is also a talenter actor / guy has my only is he a great performer , he is just so hot ! lol . i love every track on this is definetly my up the good work chris ! ! ! can not wait for your graduation album ! ! ! ! ! buy this album people ! ! ! !
1			policy	bad			bad return policy and insufficient paperwork . remotes do not work . there was no return invoice or return paperwork included . just a packing slip with no return policy displayed . after i finally got through to them published hours of operation were not correct on packing slip and waiting 30 minutes on hold on phone was told there was just a 14 day return policy but would try to extend it to 30 days but i was 2 days past i am stuck with remotes that don not work and out over $ not purchase anything from this company again .
2			poses	basic	appeal	great	illustrations	adorable	yoga	little	flow	natural	pages	different	book	great			yoga animals . monkeys , lions , and yoga what a wonderful combination ! little yoga is a fun collection of basic poses demonstrated by animals such as monkeys , lions and dogs . the illustrations are adorable with great baby appeal . the back of the book has advice for parents and grandparents along with pictures of children demonstrating the poses . the sequence of poses could have more of a natural flow , but we just skip around to different pages . my granddaughter and i started yoga classes together over a year ago and we both enjoy this book , but i also think this book would make a wonderful gift for yoga newbies . overall , it's a great first yoga book !
1			language	typical	language	bad	scenes	typical			fun film . i almost didn not rent this movie because of the cover . i figured it was going to be another splatter movie , but surprisingly it wasn not . actually it steered away from the typical nude scenes and bad language that are so typical of most horror movies . it was refreshing to see that a horror movie could be made that was entertaining without the gore and nudity . i have to admit , i would like this one for my collection when the price comes makes or breaks a movie for me is the photography , score , lighting , character development and acting . this is a well made film . the director knew his craft . a fun film to watch .
2			compositions	original	introduction	great	songs	old	version	instrumental	songs	best			phenomenal . for those unsure of andrew tosh's talents , this album proves that his father's legacy lives on in him . the album is also a great introduction to andrew tosh , singing old songs that peter tosh fans know and love . andrew's work is soulful and heartfelt and a loving tribute to his father . he tackles 13 of his best songs like buk in hamm palace , coming in hot , and burial . also adding flavor to the tribute are his three original compositions at the end , each about his father's legacy . the darker , brooding he never died , and the sadder , yet clear and beautiful if i did know , finishing off with the hopeful and uplifting instrumental version of arise blackman . this album is a masterpiece and not only carries on the legacy of his father , but his own growing legacy as well .
2			warner	new	folk	good	stars	stars no	depression	great	folks	hard			should get zero stars for preying on good folk . i m jumping on the bandwagon and dropping a 1 star rating for new line / warner for so blatantly double , triple , and quadruple dipping on hard working folks in the middle of the worst economic times since the great depression . shame on you greedy b@st@rds ! that said , bring on the extended cuts !
2			controller	old	minute	great			does the job . it connects to the gamecube adapter port on the wii . when bought brand new it takes a minute or so for all the buttons to work . that could just be because of the old controller i was using . after the first minute works perfectly , and is great for nostalgia .
2			movie	great	movie	ultimate	features	ultimate	nationals	ultimate	bar	high	narrative	great	production	high			great ultimate movie . this is not a how to play ultimate movie . it's a great narrative of us ultimate nationals in 1999 and 2000 and one of the first attempts to cover ultimate with high production values . kudos to mike and lance for taking the time to set the bar so high for future ultimate features .
2			show	classic	show	great	it	safe			love , love , love this show ! i am not one to buy a tv series set , especially on blu ray , but we just had to purchase once upon a time ! what a great , classic show that i hope we get to enjoy for years to come ! it's refreshing for a series to be safe enough for the whole family to watch !
2			it	pathetic	songs	great	ms	new	we	suck	songs	boring	me	wrong	sounds	young	album	next	radiohead	classic			very dull and lifeless . i was really looking forward to this album when i heard about say , 7 months before it came out ! seriously , critics , stop trying to overhype new albu ms it's getting old . i thought that it would be a return to ok computer material while still focusing on the electronic based music of kid a and amnesiac . sadly , i was not get me wrong . there are 6 great songs here . the first 4 songs are classic radiohead , the gloaming is a weird ambient song , and myxamatosis sounds depeche mode doing metal . but the bulk of the album is made up of bland repetitive songs that are just plain boring . we suck young blood sounds like halloween music , for christ's sake ! and wolf at the door has thom yorke almost rapping ! it's pathetic . while i do dig the ideas that went through the album to please all fans , there are just too many flaws on this album . just wait for the next album , which should come out in 2004 or 2005
2			sound	great	look	good	speakers	great	value	good	room	entire	cables	short			great sound & value ; short cables , bright led . these speakers sound great , look good , and overall i think they are a good value . i like the volume & bass adjustments on the subwoofer . however , the cables are too short to put the subwoofer to the side of my tv , with speakers on either side . i think they are 3 feet long for each component , they should be at least 6 . also , there is a superbright blue led on the front of the subwoofer . i m tempted to cover it up with tape or desolder it . it lights up the entire room like a night light when the lights are off . somewhat overkill .
1			books	helpful	sats	real	i	surprised	souls	poor			horrible filled with ambiguities and careless mistakes ! having found princeton's ap books especially helpful , i was surprised to find so many egregious errors in this sat prep . completing the practice sets was an exercise in frustration because so many of the answers given were based on a misunderstanding of the question as stated . the author and editor must be either very careless or have some serious mental difficulties i m hoping for the former , for their sake . do not buy this book ! ! the sats are stressful enough without having to deal with such sloppy work some poor souls may actually be more damaged than helped by this math workout . save your money or , better yet , try kaplan's , barron's , or the college board's 10 real sats .
1			days	old	it	awful	dubbing	laughable	quality	bad	theaters	bad			do not rent . the video here is of unbelievably bad quality . it seems to have been a transfer from a video tape , and it is just awful . even worse , the dubbing is laughable . don not rent this unless you want to re live the old days of bad movie theaters with prints that are falling apart and the dialogue that just doesn not make sense .
2			dispenser	hot	product	great	oil	true			insinkerator indulge hot water dispenser in oil rubbed bronze . great product and true to oil rubbed bronze color . very easy to operate . the water flow is more than ample , as the water does not just dribble out like some . recived the item very quickly .
2			ages	different	album	great	song	great	debut	great	dream	emotional			great debut . a great debut for the big voiced diana degarmo . a couple of standout songs cardboard castles and go on and cry . go on and cry paints a story of strength through rejection ; the slow section at the start that really sets the tone for song well . cardboard castles is a great song with lots of energy and a engaging hook . other excellent songs all i never wanted , till you want me , dream dream dream , dreams , blue skies , don not cry out loud , and emotional . a boy like you , then i woke up , and the difference in me are targeted to the teen market though they may touch a nerve for many different ages . great debut album . well worth the money .
2			surfaces	flat	price	great	vacuum	small	length	good	vacuum	little			awesome little vacuum . great price , and works great ! the chord is a good length and the side hose with the attachment are handy ! the spinning brush in front makes this awesome for furniture , you can turn the brush of though too for flat surfaces . easy to empty out the canister . not too heavy or awkwa rd i like it . i have a small eureka vacuum that's held up really well even though it was maybe 40 bucks , so i m hoping for the same durability from this vacuum as well .
2			you	careful	waffles	great			works well . this is very much like the waffle iron i had many years ago and works as well as that one did . it does get very hot to the touch so you must be careful . however , it makes great waffles . i make a full batch and freeze what i don not eat . they are the perfect size to slip into the toaster after that . no waste and a quicker breakfa st i haven not used the grill side yet .
2			pocket	great	batteries	heavy	one	previous	holder	weak	surface	hard	bye	good	autoscan	weak			a great pocket radio but very frail . the dt 200 is , the two aa batteries are heavy and the battery holder is weak . if you drop this radio on a hard surface the holder will break and then you can kiss your radio good bye . i have purchased several of these radios and all suffered the same the dt -300 w instead . it uses two , lightweight aaa batteries and is tougher . i m going to buy another . my previous one finally suffered a weak key and spontaneous autoscan .
1			recording	bad	lps	original	guess	best	job	bad			excellent performances , recording remastering mediocre . these recordings date from 1962 through 1964 the state of the art for analog was fully developed by then see the fine rca living stereo releases from the 1950 s ! so my best guess as to the metallic sound of the piano is that it stems from a bad remaster / transfer job in 1991 -2 and / or the use of 2 d or later generation tapes , or a bad recording to begin with . truth be told , i have the original lps that came as a boxed set containing all of lvb's piano music incl . the concertos , etc and i am leaning toward the last possibility being the case here . the performances trump the sonics , and i would not hesitate to recommend these versions .
2			area	great	character	strong			first rate story . jo madison is a yacht skipper who squires tourists around the great barrier reef area in australia . jo has a violent past that she has walked away from almo st her latest group of guests are a us senator and her entourage . there is an immediate attraction between the skipper and one of her swannell has written a first rate story . she slowly builds the attraction between the skipper and her client . she has the environment be a strong character in her story so much so that you feel the heat of summer in australia . she has characters that you love and characters that you love to hate . you find yourself cheering for the couple , and when jo's past shows up literally on her doorstep , you turn the pages so rapidly it creates a you like your stories to slowly unfold , your characters strong , your setting stunning , then this is the book for you .
2			lunch	aware	advertising	false	they	great	they	useless	sellers	ashamed			false advertising beware . bought this item based on the picture but the product we received looks nothing like the picture or the description . the ones we received are smaller and barely latch . the tops come off real easily . they are basically useless . the package says that they are great for glitter , spices , and decorating candies . definitely not salt and pepper shakers for in a lunch aware of what you what you are purchasing . the ones sold for $ 3 $ 4 are not the ones in the picture . this is false advertising and needs to be taken care of . the sellers who are in on this should be ashamed of themselves .
2			books	new	it	great			i have lost my mother . i got this as a gift for my mom this christmas . she is completely in love with it . she says it's great because she doesn not have to worry about buying new suduko books all the time anymore . however she is always on it ! i can not seem to peel it out of her hands ! so i highly recommend it for anyone that loves the game or would love to learn .
2			harmony	great	value	great			great value for the price . i just bought this remote as an alternative to the pricy logitech harmony 550 works great and has worked on all of my home theater devices so far . easy to program and easy to train . saved big time too !
2			recipe	old	seem	long	india	great			indispensable . this movie is an epic . if you only saw one movie from and about india this would be the one to see . the story , music , casting , cinematography , directing , etc are all first rate . there is a bit of a harsh , startling moment right at the beginning that is very surprising and might cause some gentler viewers not to watch further . it is the only moment like that in the whole film . keep watching to find the joy and charm of bollywood at its might seem a little long for a date movie but that is just because we are so indoctrinated by the same old recipe we are fed on this side of the movie was big in india . if i may be so bold , it was there lawrence of arabia and their it's a wonderful life rolled into don t miss the other great india movie lagaan
2			music	great	figure	best	albums	best	fan	big			big fan . i have been a fan of gianlucas music for over 14 years , i have been loocking for his music for a long time and just happened today that i m buying music for my wife and checking on gianlucas music here discovered that amazon is now offering some of his albu ms whitout a doubt gianluca is the best rock figure in italy of this era all songs are writting and compose by himself and is a shame that amazon is not offerin sdraiato so una nuvola one of his best albums for my taste . if you haven not listen to his music do it , you will not regret it and if you have keep enjoing it , i just hope gianluca lives many more years so we can keep enjoing of his great music .
2			straightener	great	manufacturer	ashamed	one	new	while	little	description	best	daughter	happy			works well but unfortunately it will fail in less than a year ! my daughter has been very happy with this straightener , except that our second one in the last 10 months just broke . just as others have written shantec gives the best description , the cord will break internally where it connects to the body . the green light will flicker , then it will only work if you hold it in a certain position making it impossible to use and then it will fail completely . the manufacturer should be ashamed of this design which it surely knows about by now . so the bottom line is this it's a great hair straightener for a little while , until it breaks , and you have to buy a new one . if you don not mind buying a new one frequently , then you should get this one . otherwise , consider it a waste of money and buy something else .
1			button	special	performer	poor	reason	main	reviews	good	blender	old			poor performer . what a disappointment . this blender was purchased because of the good reviews it had . unfortunately , the 40 year old blender , it was to replace , outperforms it dramatically . the main reason for purchasing it was to crush ice for drinks . it never fully crushes all the ice , even with its special ice crusher button . i would not recommend it to anyone .
2			daughter	old	everything	great	service	great	wig	sturdy no			great service . i did not have any problems with amazon or the seller . everything was great . the tote bag and other items were a hit with my nine year old daughter , however , the wig is not very sturdy . several strands fell out before the first night was over . very disappointing but she still enjoys it .
2			sountrack	great	cd	hard	lazos	main	cd	great	song	best	soundtrack	great	songs	good			lazos de amor is a great sountrack to la novela . the soundtrack for la novela lazos de amor de lucero is really great . i really think though they should lower the price down for 5 songs this cd should be at least 6 dollars but it has good songs . the best song for me of course will always be the main song lazos de amor from the opening of la novela of lucero . great cd i would recommend it to fans of that novela and also this is another hard cd to find in stores so buy it online because they wont have it in the stores and they might run make sure to watch the novela right know en telefutura canal 46 a las 8 00 -9 00 de la manana
2			edition	new	books	great	copy	professional no	school	high			shoddy , unprofessional copy don not buy it . i bought this to teach to high school seniors instead of the new directions edition , which also contains miss lonelyhearts . i was attracted by the interesting cover , but the inside copy is not professionally laid out . there are misspelled words and the formatting is way off . lines break in some places for now reason at all . the paragraphing needs work , too . it seems to me that this was rushed to press without quality control . seeing how the new directions edition is cheaper , and contains lonelyhearts i see no reason to buy this . this company should do better work before issuing great books like this .
2			you	disappointed	personality	great	album	fantastic	pop	good	genres	different			tearjerker . point is if you like the first album , maybe you will be a little disappointed listening this one , but if you don not know the first album you will find this album fantastic . first album is good punk pop , but here maybe three different genres are played punk pop , emo , at least 9 of 11 are very good tracklist is well built , songs katie w . threesome , tearjerker are simply band now shows great personality .
2			lots	great	film	great			my super ex girlfriend . a great film very funny lots going on uma thurman , luke wilson , anna faris were great very want a laugh this is the film .
2			appeal	true	it	dynamic	arma	heavy	game	great	parts	tedious			great game . i purchased this game because i enjoyed operation flashpoint thouroughly . this game did not disappoint . from the training missions to the campaigns , this game maintained my intere st it is not just a shoot em up . rather , arma requires strategy and patience as well as a steady aim . this , i feel , is the game's true appeal . while it is not flashy like a halo 3 it is more engaging and dynamic . true , there were some tedious parts of the game , but the missions , weapons , vehicles , and characters were all beautifully rendered and did require some tweaking on my part in order to minimize buggy graphics yes , it is a resource hog . i use windows xp . the reported bugs have not diminished my enjoyment of arma . i have not played arma online , though , because i played it while on deployment , but i look forward to doing so soon . i will get tons of play with arma , thanks to the mission editor . i would purchase this game again and again . four stars for the dazzling , yet heavy arma .
1			shaver	expensive	shaver	poor	shave	good			poor shaver . from having to replace the screens every 6 months , to fluid every month , this is an expensive shaver . add to that the extreme noise this thing puts out and not to good a shave you get i am ready to toss it in the trash .
2			space	small	seater	great			great 6 seater . bought this bench for use by the soccer team so great folds down to such a small space , and all subs are able to sit on the bench and actually watch the action . highly recommended ! comes in lots of colors to support the team !
2			cinched	great			beauty is in the eye of the say . as exotic as this movie was with all the great cinched in my mind . this is a place i definitely will not add to my bucket too damn drab and a horrific mass of poverty driven humanity . ! !
1			musings	political	ignorance	final	guidance	poor	fans	big	innovations	social	development	spiritual			poor guidance . heinlein is a recognized master of 20 h century sci fi , and i m among his big fans , especially for the social innovations that he introduced through his novels . but he weaves into his fiction a lot of his own ignorance about realms of existence beyond the physical , and through his characters dialogs rejects even the possibility of those realms , dismissing all energetic healing , shamanic techniques , etc , as foolishness or fraud , conflating spirituality with religion . notebooks is not fiction , but a brief compilation of pithy excerpts of philosophical and political musings from those dialogs in other works . those who know better groan at heinlein's arrogance at assuming that his ignorance is the final wo rd those who are uncertain could easily be misled . spend your money on heinlein's fiction and books on spiritual development , quantum mechanics , etc , not on this .
2			setup	easy	it	awesome	turns	sharp	mount	little	customer	happy			works as described . great ! i bought this little mount and received it in 2 days . very easy setup . took it out of the box , unwrapped it , and put the mount on the base takes 1 2 a second and attached my garmin gps to the mount another 1 2 a second . i took it out to the car , put it on the dashboard and drove around taking sharp turns . no sliding at all ! it's awesome ! everything i expected genius invention . no more gross spit marks on the windshield where my other windshield mount used to go . also no more gps falling off the window and scaring the crap out of me when i m driving . happy customer here !
1			game	boring	game	bad			pretty bad game . i bought this at target and after only a day of playing it , i wanted to get rid of cat is cute , and you get to customize it completely , but your cat always wants game is really boring because of that . if you go out to play a mini game , when you come back your cat need food , water , brushing , attention , playtime , sleep , everything . so you barely even get to play with your cat . if you want a fun cat game , i think you should get catz .
2			book	practical	store	local	dishes	main	gift	great	cookbook	great	variety	huge			best all around cookbook . this is a great cookbook for anyone that likes to cook . great gift for newlyweds or just someone moving out on their own for the first time . this book has it all . cooking from the basics huge variety of recipes that won not burn a hole in your pocket book . if you have a stocked pantry , you can make many of these from things that everyday people keep in stock . i hate finding a recipe only to find out that i only have 2 -3 ingredients that rarely happens with this cookbook ! from beverages , to main dishes , all kinds of desserts , canning , freezing , even yogurt and cheesemaking is covered in this book ! picked my copy up at a local amish store but have been eyeing it for a few years now . get the practical produce book as well great too !
2			job	great			it's like being at the concert . having been to two of her fearless tour concerts phx , az and los angeles , i must say that this video really captures the atmosphere and experience of being at her concert . this movie also does a great job of showing what went into bringing this tour to life , and all the preparation that went into in all , this is a spectacular film that absolutely captures the experience of being at one of her concerts .
1			chicken	bad	i	excited			bad chicken . i was excited about getting a cute timer that worked with the decor of my kitchen . unfortunately , the timer never worked on the product ! now i am sad !
1			service	worst	service	poor			poor customer service . vintage john maxwell , too bad it is being sold on amazon which has the worst customer service in the business .
2			it	awesome	policy	easy			perfect replacement for my drinkwell platinum pet fountain . i purchased this product to replace my broken pump from my drinkwell platinum pet fountain . someone else had said that it would work and it was half the price . i figured with the easy return policy on amazon prime items i would try it . i just got it today and it was awesome . it is a perfect replacement . the picture of the product shows the tube sticking up but it is not attached when you get it . it is a removable piece . i didn not attach it and the male part of the fountain fit perfectly in the pump and it is working great . so glad i bought this and not the $ 20 replacement pump from the vendor . plus with prime i got it in 2 days .
1			it	cheap	one	defective	cable	bad	while	little			one bad cable . i ordered 3 cables and one was defective . it wasn not obvious and took me a little while to figure out as the problem was intermittent . i didn not bother to send it back or get a replacement since it was so cheap in the first place .
2			i	happy	value	great	price	best			excellent . great value . i shopped around one dealership had one for over $ 60 and this was the best price . i am very happy with this purchase and would definitely recommend this to everyone . fast shipping .
1			character	main	thinking	poor	remark	positive	i	sorry	feels	ridiculous	grace	unbelievable	writing	poor			like watching a b movie no wait . a b porn movie from the 80 . i can not recall ever having read anything as talentless as fantasy was so lousy that at times i was laughing out loud in disbelief which is the only positive remark i can add to this review . i m from denmark so sorry for any spelling errors or the like but really . this book is supposed to take place in 2002 and yet one finds one self being thrown right back to the 80 s where we let us just admit it had no style , no taste , no understanding of quality what so this story with 80 characters , whenever a problem pops up , a god appears and then everything is alright again . grace , the main character , is totally unbelievable and so is julian , the sex half god with wool for book is simply poor writing and poor thinking . there is a lot of sex for women to enjoy but still . even that quickly feels ridiculous . it just isn not enough of an excuse to publish this book .
1			hurricane	worst	moments	memorable	point	difficult	cd	brilliant	factor	special	songs	bad	songs	popular	energy	high			excellent cd . having enjoyed the hbo series as many did early on , i bought this cd some five years ago . however , it was misplaced or lost ! so , i recently plurged once again . i , like many , would never buy an item twice unless it really had that something special factor attached to it . thus , this cd is full of high energy dance cuts , and memorable moments attached to the now defunct series . moreover , i really loved the cut dive in the pool with pepper mashay among many others . the first cd is brilliant from start to finish , and there are simply no bad songs . i have also found that if its not one of the most popular songs , it will serve you well as a nice sing along . lastly , and during one of our worst hurricane's here in south florida wilma , in 2005 it really became an uplifting and inspirational cd while pulling me through a difficult point in time . i apologize for not being more song specific , but , believe me , your money will be well spent . guaranteed ! ! enjoy !
1			effects	bad			chop chop idiotic mess . asylum releases are not worth acting , bad effects and no plot . i will never buy from this company thing tries to emulate the decent slasher movies and fails makes the worst of the friday 13 h movies , emphasis here is porn . i am throwing the copy i bought away , today !
2			feel	awesome	vibe	awesome			kill the singer . this album is very very good other than the singing ; this guy sounds like a very very lame robert smith wannabe . i thought maybe several listens over a long time would change my mind but alas , no the songs / sound / feel / vibe of this record are awesome , but i can not help but to long to strangle the vocalist several times during every song .
1			earbuds	best	package	small	it	great no			best earbuds . period . i have never heard clarity and range of highs and lows in any earbud headphones like these sony its wrap around the ear design means it never falls out , including during my most aggressive work outs at the gym . and isn not it great to block out at least 80 of the ambient sound in that gym ! so although i haven not listened to every ear bud out there . i think you would be hard pressed to find a better sound in such a small package . especially at this price .
2			information	additional	appendices	extensive	tips	practical	start	good	tips	interesting	book	great	i	delighted			great book for any new or expectant mom . i am a first time mother and i had already found a baby food book at a used book store . i ordered the super baby food book anyway , just in case it had some additional information . i was absolutely delighted that i did after thumbing though my copy . in addition to all the nutritional information and the extensive appendices , the fun and practical tips for things around the home were interesting to read . a must for all of us who are serious about our babies getting off to a good start .
2			buy	great			great buy . comfy , sexy , nice quality . very happy with price and quality . i have had it for years and still wear it .
2			speakers	great	experience	good	quality	good			great speakers . the sound quality is really good on these bass sounds well also . overall , my experience with these speakers has been good and can not wait to play for music , listen to movies , and play video games . all of those activities sound great through these .
1			movie	friendly	we	disappointed	i	glad	gals	elementary	move	bad	situations	sexual	family	excited	bodies	naked	movie	appropriate			who are they targeting ? my family was very excited to see that this movie was coming out , unfortunately , we were very disappointed . the first movie , although not totally without fault , was family friendly . we mistakenly thought that the second one would be as well . instead , we were taken aback by the amount of foul language , nudity , and sexual situations in the sequel . i turned the movie off about 20 minutes into the movie after the male lead called the female lead a b and later watched the rest by myself . i was glad that i had turned it off when i did so that my kids didn not see a couple of naked bodies in the shower together . i don not know what the target audience for this movie was since i don not know a lot of adults that are just dying to see a cheesy ice skating sequel , and i don not know a lot of kids that this movie is appropriate for . bad move on the part of sony and abcfamily . could have been great for the elementary and preteen gals especially , but not as is .
2			pen	great	pen	good			great pen . this is a good pen ; it's the fatter type that is supposed to keep your hands from getting tired . shipper sent item quickly .
1			box	special	film	extra	footage	bad			a review of the special addition dvd box set . a warning for those of you about to buy this dvd box set . first , jurrasic park is a fantatic move , they use every inch of 5.1 encoding ; i have a state of the art sound system it was , first you should know the hour of cut footage is 100 on the lost world cd not jurrasic park . the lost worl in my opinion was a very week movie . almost like they were standing around with a bunch of dino robots and extra film and they said why not so the lost worl cut footage was just as bad as the movie . i wish they released it on dvd without lost world , but still worthy of my dvd collection . cheers .
2			crockpot	real	variety	great			sophisticated and savvy . i got this cookbook for a friend who is a real crockpot afficianado . she loved it for its great variety not just recipes for spaghetti sauce or stew . for example , the first recipe she tried was jambalaya . i own a slew of beth hensperger bread cookbooks , so i knew this cookbook would be a winner .
2			thing	best	player	portable	features	great	player	superior	pair	good			amazing ! the best thing about this player is that it can serve many purposes .1 as the obvious portable player tapped into napster 2 for use in the car with the built in radio fm transmitter something the ipod does not have 3 as your home stereo . many people don not want to be tied to their computers to listen to music . they can use this player hooked up totheir stereo or just buy a good pair of speakers to hook into the system and plop the player anywhere you would like in your living room . this avoids having to stream music via a wireless router from your computer to your living room features are all great and the interaction with napster is a can download all your other music not bought on napster onto the player as only downside to this player is the cheap earplugs and handheld rest of the player is top shelf and in all regards a superior player than the ipod .
1			thing	worst	use	bad	sound	good no			the worst thing to buy . when i took it out of the package , i tried to get better focus of my left eye , so i started to noticed that a sound coming from it was not good , as soon as i tell you this the optic part of the eye come off showing bad or poorly made interior so i did the same thing with the other optic in the right eye but the same thing happended in whitin 5 minutes i had a headheache and 65 usd plus taxes wasted on a product so bad that couldnot resist even to be set up for a quick an simple first time use , dont waste your money ! eda
2			ones	big	trimmer	little	trimmer	great			great little trimmer . great little trimmer only for the use for smaller lawns . it does not have the power for big ones . but very functional but i wish it had a hand holder lower on the machine for easier move ability .
2			video	nice	video	great			is nice but amy is not in this video . hello this video is nice but i wanna see amy so well , this video is great to the fans of evanescence like me , i learned many things that i dont knew it about this band and amy
1			antics	realistic no	book	worst	lovers	hard	setting	contemporary			why did the author have to change her style ? i dreaded the contemporary fantasy setting , the supposed now days teenage antics were so unrealistic , and too wild to believe it happened at all . this is the fiction of fiction , the characters were unbelieveabley dalkey is one of my favorite fantasy authors , but this book just totally turned me off , this is the worst book she's ever written . hard core fantasy lovers , this is not your book .
1			excuse	pathetic	he	famous	n	good	album	bad			lil wayne is a lil wack ! this guy is a pathetic excuse for a rapper , i dislike lil wayne alot and he cant rap and he is no good n his face is really just there for u 2 knock him out . this guy sux and i cant believe he is famous and selling records , its embarrassing and i hate him very much , his album would be just as bad as himself . do not support lil wayne
2			kit	little	it	fun	build	small	kit	great	you	bored			great little kit . it's an sd kit . don not expect unparalleled plastic colors or awesome articulations . it's fun for a small build when you are bored .
2			parents	new	gain	healthy	book	great	diet	healthy			a must have for new parents . this is a great book . my husband and i bought it before we got pregnant , and folllowed through it for all 3 trimesters and after our baby was book covers lots of issues like healthy diet , pre pregnancy and pregnancy excersise , healthy weight gain , lots of advices on do's and dont's . it helped us a lot ! in fact , we didn not buy any other pregnancy cookbooks , we just didn not need them after reading this one .
2			situations	difficult	limbo	social	way	direct	daughter	young	life	real	embrace	great	audience	big	book	great			direct and unflinching . this memoir deals with sudden widowhood in a very direct and gutsy way . the author's husband was a buddhist monk who died suddenly leaving miriam and her young daughter dazed and thrown into a social limbo and an unimagined life . it is also the story of miriam's recovery from grief and an unforeseen second marriage to her long lost very first boyfriend less than a year later after he paid a cross country condolence call . sagan does not sugar coat her experiences there are places in the book where her directness in facing death and the state of her own life in the aftermath may unsettle some readers . those of us who have been in these difficult situations she describes are grateful for her honest reporting and book manages to convey the rollercoaster quality of real life without dogma and a great fearless embrace of reality . this is a great hearted book that deserves a big audience . i recommend it .
2			timeline	current	battletechnovel	normal	fights	great	politicen	little	units	best	storms	new	mission	new	book	solid	war	civil			the first thorin regiment vs . snord's irregulars . so , the story of archer christifori goes on . after a few fights against katherines forces in the skye march , he gets a new mission from victor his regiment has to go to odessa , home of his sisters murder . there he should sign a contract with one of the best mercenary units of know space , snord's irregulars . but he does not know that also katherine and count nicholas fisk of odessa want the irregulars to fight for book was solid , a quite normal battletechnovel . a little bit politicen and lots of great fights . and still the question how will win this civil war ? read the rest of our battletech history initiation to war robert charrettethe dying time by thomas gressman dealing with the situation on hesperus imminent crisis by randall bills dealing with situations on new syrtis storms of fate by loren colemanoperation audacity by blaine pardoeend game by loren coleman due sept 02 ends the current timeline in 3067
1			ways	old	film	bad	guy	good	eyes	huge	looks	young			an early look at crawford , gable & hamilton . like a lot of early 30 film , i found this a pretty interesting short 72 minutes one is about a chorus girl type who gets jilted , hooks up with a salvation army man , then is enticed back to the old sinful ways for a night with the man who jilted her and finally realizes she is better off with the good guy and the good is an early look at joan crawford , who is blonde here with huge eyes . clark gable is sans mustache and really looks young . neil hamilton , the third lead , is the same man who went on to play commissioner gordon in the batman tv series three decades later . in here , he's the pagan bad film goes a long way in portraying traveling salesmen as morally bankrupt people . now why would they do that ?
2			book	hard	condition	great			sinbad . my husband really enjoyed receiving and reading this book . it was a hard book to locate and this one was in great condition .
1			setup	easy	i	pleased no	range	poor	setup	quick			easy setup , poor range . i bought this unit after my linksys wireless router died ; i can therefore only compare it to the linksys . setup was extremely quick and easy . i got it up and running in just a few minutes . the ui of the admin app is very straight forward and i notice is strangely similar to the ui of smc routers . i find it to be somewhat easier to work with than the linksys ui . i am unfortunately not pleased with the transmission range of this router . i placed it in the exact same location that the linksys had been in . a computer that was getting solid 100 connection strength with the linksys is now only getting 50 with this unit . another machine that was getting around 70 on the linksys would not connect at all to this unit until it was moved to a different would be an excellent unit were it not for the range problem . perhaps there's a fix ?
2			pot	great			0 for 2 . i have purchased 2 of these pots in the last 16 months . the last one in february they both worked great for 6 months or so then the heating units seem to fail . only got warm tan water this morning ! same thing my last one did after about 8 months ! great pot if you only need one for 6 months . am on amazon looking for something that will last a little longer !
2			ice	good	scanner	great	shipping	free	sizes	different	area	large			great scanner , even for the novice . bought this scanner from amazon , and i can not express how happy i am with it . first ordered the scanner last saturday , and it arrived on wed . this was with the free shipping . as for the scanner i have been playing around with slides , negative and older b / w photo's . no complaints , and some very nice scans . i like the ability to have a large scanning area . i have been placing multiple b / w photo's of different sizes in the film area , then individually crop the photo's . the digital ice has been very good on some of the pictures that have seen better days . i would highly recommend this scanner .
2			polish	great	color	awesome	brand	best			great polish . this is the best brand of polish i know of it stays on and the color is awesome i love it ! ! ! will continue to buy it i have use it for years can not beat it ! !
2			series	great	stories	awesome	believers	true	books	long	interview	free			addictive as nicotene . martin really has world and character building down . i hope i don not lose my wife and job i haven not had this hard of a time putting down a book since this one's predecessor and ken follet's the pillars of the earth highly recommended . a bit slower in the middle than game of thrones , the finale in this one fully makes up for it . cliffhangers , betrayals , mysteries , and adventures abound . i was beginning to think that all the battles would be seen from viewpoints that weren not from characters in the middle of it , but this book does not disappoint . while reading this , i was thinking these books were too long for a movie , and would make a great hbo series . as if the seven gods were hearing my prayers , i listened to a free eyetoonz interview with martin where he mentioned that an hbo series is actually in the works . hang in there , true believers ! i sure hope it happens . these stories are too awesome not to be filmed , and too gruesome for cable .
2			version	great			great . this version of pirates of penzance is great ! my family , including a 5 1 2 year old , are all singing a paradox . i heartily recommend it to everyone .
2			kids	creative	book	great			fun book . i bought this book for my neice thinking it would be a fun book . she liked it so much she actually wanted me to buy her another copy of it after she had drawn pictures to go along with the story . great book for creative kids
2			it	functional	looking	great	deal	great			great deal on a great looking watch . this is a stellar watch for the price . it's elegant and functional , and for my purposes the scalloped edge as opposed to the coin edge functions better as a dress watch for me at work ; more smooth surfaces are preferable ! i m never going to go diving with this thing , it's purely in the category of man jewelry . i can not yet speak about the longevity of this watch , but from an economic standpoint , i m not going to worry much if it gets too beat up .
2			i	glad	effort	good	cup	available	it	bad no	it	easy			divacup . it took me a while to warm up to the idea of using a cup in place of the more mainstream products available . but boy am i glad i did ! while yes , on heavier days it was a bit more messy than the alternative , but i have gotten used to it and it's not bad at all . what is wonderful is it has never leaked ; i wear it overnight and am not paranoid about having it in too long ; i never have to run to the store to waste a bunch of money ; and it's easy and discreet . don not forget there is a bit of a learning curve to get it inserted correctly . but give it a good effort for three cycles . if you still don not like it , you are really not out any money because it pays for itself in that time . i only wish i would have bought it sooner !
1			construction	poor	connector	negative	timing	lucky	seems	ok			poor construction for terminals . seems ok at first , charged fine as advertised . used it 3 times in the first day i had it charged lucky timing ! and the negative terminal connector flew apart each time . had to reassemble each time and it still is shakey . very frustrating in that attaching to anything of any size causes it to self destruct . now i have taken to just holding it on to something a la a defribulator and hoping for the be st would not buy again .
1			reviews	bad	pc	strong	retailer	local			don not buy . i made the mistake of buying this piece of hardware in despite of the bad reviews i found everywhere in the net . i guess the d link brand was strong enough for me to make a decision to consider it as the first option to set up my first wireless network at even the customer service people i called where able to figure out why i never had internet after connecting this device in my xp os pc , they tried the ip configuration , the wan set up , and many other things , even changing the firmware to a previos version ! ! after some 10 hours of fighting i decided to return it to the local retailer where i bought it and got instead a belkin wireless g router see review on this piece just took me 15 minutes to set it up and i was wireless away from this model of d link router .
2			flix	modern	gorescenes	nice	flix	crappy	slasher	great	terror	final			madman marz stalks now on dvd ! ! check it out ! ! ! ! happy to see this great eighties camp slasher on dvd ! the movie is about some axe swingin psykko named madman marz . way cooler than those crappy modern slasher flix like urban legends and scream . some nice gorescenes in this one 2 please anchor bay , release more of those camp flicks like just before dawn , final terror , memorial day and the uncut version of my bloody valentine ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
1			it	wrong	temperatures	different	batch	bad	variations	huge			i returned it within one day ! i was one of the unfortunates who had no luck with this what so ever and returned it for a refund . it gave different temperatures when used over and over on the same person , with huge temp variations . i went online and watched the tutorial just to see if i was doing it wrong . i bought it to use with my 4 year old and 4 month old so i could accurately take their temps non invasively . i just bought the braun ear therm a sit was the only other one at the store so i will give it a try . i did speak with the pharmacist who did say 3 of these were returned this week for the same reason , maybe a bad batch ?
2			collection	great	stories	short			great collection of short horror stories . if you like fast paced short stories , this is the book for you . it was my first stephen king reading . the ledge continues to haunt my memory .
1			setting	natural	linguistics	poor	work	best no	red	large	symbolism	capable	stuff	bad	number	small	everything	worst			mushrooms grow on . this is pretty bad stuff . possibly the majority of the small number of people who are looking this bbok up heard about it in phil dick's transmigration of timothy archer , a fine fictionalization of the life of bishop james pike . the book itself is a garbled mass of conjecture , symbolism at its worst where everything is capable of equaling everything else and poor linguistics . definitely not allegro's best work , but the premise is basically sound , amanita muscaria cults were widespread and there's every reason to believe pre civilized mankind was a much more avid mushroom worshipper than today's dilletantes . the only redeeming feature of the paperback edition is the reproduction of an early christian fresco showing adam and eve being tempted with a large red , white polka dotted mushroom in a natural setting . that alone is worth the price of this wacky book . and of course all pkd fans know this is a must have for their bookshelves .
1			you	depressed	movie	worst	fight	final			this is easily the worst movie ever made . please do not get this movie , you will be so depressed . it hurt so much to watch it . i honestly thought i was gonna throw up a couple of times . by fast forwarding a lot i made it to the final fight and it was even more dreadful than the movie itself . gordon liu is in this but i beg you not to watch it . i don not know if gordon was drugged and then forced to show up for a day on the set or what . he plays an emperor or something and then he shows up in the final fight in rags ? ? so if you make it through this thing , you may not leave the house for a while due to internal injuries sustained from this horrid viewing . call 911 if you are hurt badly .
2			printer	good	printer	great	reviews	negative			great printer . this is a pretty good printer . as far as the negative reviews posted here , i think that those people did not know what they were talking about . it works well as a printer , scanner , fax and copier .
2			level	new	game	awesome	it	good			a must have for the xbox system . this game was awesome ! i totally didn not expect it to be this good but it kept me on the cotroller for hours and hours at a time . which you had to because every time i had beat a level thinking that it was the end of the game , a new level would pop up . i didn not mind it one bit . i gotta admit the graphics aren not on par with the best them but the game play and replay values are tops . i will take this game over any of the medal of honors , red faction ii , and riddick .
2			i	wrong	movie	great			excellent . this is an excellent movie . at first i thought it was a chick flickand wouldn not like it but i was wrong . a great date night movie .
2			albums	greatest	album	best	ep	live	classic	true	song	great	metal	heavy			guns n roses , appetite for destruction , 1987 . guns n roses started out in 1985 in california and in that same year recorded a live ep . than in 1986 they got a record deal with geffen and recorded what would be known as , appetite for destrucion . perhaps one of the greatest heavy metal albums of all time and by far the best gnr album there is out there . every song on here is just great . a true classic the songs sound really good and all the instruments do too . some key tracks on here are , welcome to the jungle , sweet child o mine , paradise city , and many more .1 welcome to the jungle 5 5 stars 2 its so easy 5 5 stars 3 nightrain 5 5 stars 4 outa get me 5 5 stars 5 mr brownstone 5 5 stars 6 paradise city 5 5 stars 7 my michelle 5 5 stars 8 think about you 4.5 5 stars 9 sweet child o mine 5 5 stars 10 your crazy 4.2 5 stars 11 anything goes 5 5 stars 12 rocket queen 5 5 stars
2			book	perfect	examples	great	examples	easy	book	good			coat of arms . this book has great examples , easy to read and follow and will be perfect for kids 8 -12 to use as well as adults . its a good book for teachers and medevil buffs .
2			musician	great	music	classical	videos	classical	videos	various	station	local	documentary	little	soloists	great			a must have cd . as an amateur pianist i only listen to classical music casually , so i m no expert on the great soloists of the violin . however when i originally saw hilary playing on a local public tv station that runs a program that plays various classical music videos . a little promotional / documentary about this cd was playing and i was simply entranced by the music i hea rd becoming an instant fan i bought 4 of her albums , and this one i believe is head and shoulders above the re st i don not know if it's simply the selections of music by bach or her obvious mastery of the violin that make this cd such a joy to listen to for me . all i know is that i can not wait to hear more recordings from this great musician !
2			album	great	song	weak			go all the way isley's last great album together . glad this album finally came out on cd . have it on vinyl . only weak song is belly dancer . here we go and don not say goodnight are classics . last great album with all 6 isleys / jasper / isleys together .
2			clancy	detailed	intensity	high	book	great	book	good			patriot games review . i think patriot games was another great book from tom clancy . the book would pose many questions about what would happen or who someone was and clancy would slowly answer them throughout the book instead of all at the end which i liked . there were also times of high intensity and suspense throughout the book . i also think clancy was very detailed and in depth about how the cia and other government agencies worked . my only complaint about the book was that there were some parts of the book that had very little to do with the story , weren not necessary for the story , or did not factor into the ending at all , it seemed like he he had to write a certain amount of pages and he filled it with fluff to reach it . despite that i still thought it was a very good book with lots of suspense and mystery and would suggest this book to anyone .
2			reading	great	adult	young			awesome series . i just wanted to say how much i loved this series when i was younger . i got them when they first came out in the early 90 s and i would recommend them to any young adult . great reading . they definitely need to reprint the series , i would love to buy them for others !
1			movie	good	it	terrible	taste	bad			almost forgetable . i don not remember anything about this movie except that i stayed up late one night to watch it on tv and felt absolutely cheated . i had heard that the movie was good so i thought , well , it's on , let's give it a try . but i seriously can not remember anything about it except that i thought it was terrible . i almost want to watch it again just to see why it left such a bad taste in my mouth , except that , you know , i m going to have to taste it again . hmm , maybe . i can always turn it off when it starts to get painful .
2			product	fantastic	software	compatible no			wonderful product . i purchased this motorola surffboard wireless modem and router for my mac laptop . although the enclosed software was not compatible for apple , the website contained all of the information needed for installation . it is indeed a fantastic product and i would recommend it to anyone who want a wireless combination for internet access .
2			book	great			one star , not for the book but for the deceptive labeling . this kindle book is not a journey to mars by gustavus pope . it's actually a columbus of space by garrett may be a great book , for all i know ; i haven not read it yet . but i do not appreciate being duped .
2			trips	short	product	great	one	new	one	old	sonicare	new			sonicare . we love our new sonicare essence e 5500 this is our second sonicare toothbrush , the old one finally giving up after nearly nine years of use by two of us . this new one is lighter weight , gives a signal when to switch positions and even beeps when its time to recharge it . we have taken it on a couple of short trips and the travel case works great . the only improvement we can think of would be for the travel case to hold two heads instead of just one , so you wouldn not have to pack the second one separately . great product !
1			swat	entire	they	realistic no	roles	bad	looks	tired	looks	bored	kaos	japanese			utter kaos . japanese director kaos must have gotten his name from movies like this mindless action driven film . with a plot like a disjointed rubik's cube , the movie is merely an excuse for lots of gunfire , explosions and improbable confrontations . can one really believe that lucy liu could really take out an entire swat like team without mussing her hair ? and while the stunts are jawdropping , they are so unrealistic that suspending belief is a prerequisite for any type of enjoyment of this film . antonio banderas is not only miscast , but he looks tired and bored ; liu looks good and stalwart but her character is merely a martial arts tool ; gregg henry reprises his bad guy roles from dozens of earlier movies ; and martial arts expert ray park comes across like a brother to gary daniels . while the movie is lively enough , it's nothing we haven not seen done before and better .
2			cd	next	unknown	great	singers	mysterious	songs	irish	songs	celtic	i	pleased	opera	italian	beauty	normal			all over the map . i have been collecting strange mysterious female singers such as lisa gerrard & joaane hogg to name a few , for the last 5 years . i am most pleased to add mary fahl to the li st this cd offers some differences then the other 2 female singers who normally stay within a certain mode wordless middle eastern like & progressive celtic gospel . mary fahl seems to be experimenting out of her shell with arabian ben aindi habibi , personalized gospel redemption , irish / celtic earthly songs going home , italian opera una futiva lagrima , while writing & singing profound songs of her own the great unknown & the other side of time . all are sung with a deep alto , with at times almost tenor like power , yet still having the grace to hit the normal female beauty . the cd can sound uneven to some , but grows with many listens . i can hardly wait for the next cd .
2			scene	new	features	great	plugins	expensive	it	difficult			poorly written with unclear directions in tutorials . as a college student , i took a class that used this book as our manual . the content of the book covered several great features of adobe photoshop , but much of it was limited to very repetitive steps that are used consistently throughout the of my classmates complained that it was difficult to follow the directions and that in some cases , steps were missing that were illustrated in the following step . i even saw where one tutorial didn not even specify the dimensions when creating a new scene . in other cases , it requires the use of a nik color efex demo that was included on the cd rom , which i couldn not get any of the nik effects to work . why would you want to be trained on third party plugins anyway ? the book is supposed to be about photoshop , not expensive plugins that the author i dock the book three stars for lack of instruction , it's detour from the subject , and difficulty following steps .
2			edition	great	way	enjoyable	facts	easy	content	additional			great updated edition . 2 d or 3 d time reading this and i love the additional content . like the critics say , it's so well researched , erudite , yet comprehensible and excellent narrative style . facts are easy to follow and absorb b / c of clarity and analysis . also learned so much . have tried reading other works to understand today's conflict in middle east , but just keep coming back to max dimont to help understand the history both course of events and context in an enjoyable way .
1			waste	complete	primer	poor			don not bother . even used , this is a complete waste of money . all it is is a collection of bad , youtube style how to videos that are currently all the rage , thrown together onto a dvd with some consumer level authoring software . the videos also have nothing to do with drawing , but rather as a poor primer for using photoshop . too bad there are no ratings less than 1 star .
1			singing	good	lyrics	bad	ego	big	it	tight			oh , pleeeze . the lyrics on biggerbang are so bad ! if you have a brain , you will cringe . i m just one of your cocks how old are you guys ! musically it's pretty rockin and tight . i wish you could turn down jagger , not because of his singing which is really good but because the lyrics seem like they were written by a fourteen year old with a big ego .
2			belts	easy no	vac	nice	belts	weak	it	ridiculous	price	great			nice vac , great price , weak belts . so far i really like everything about this vacuum except for the fact that the belt broke after using it only 3 times . the belts were not easy to come by locally , i just happened to find some on clearance at target . replacement took about 5 minutes and was easy enough , i just think it was ridiculous that it lasted such a short time . if not for that , this would have gotten a 5 star review .
2			shape	great	it	light	trailer	awesome			love this trailer . this trailer is awesome . if you want to go for a long ride with children that aren not big enough for a long ride , this is a perfect solution . i also use it to go to the grocery store sometimes when i m feeling green . i have had this trailer for 3 years and it's still in great shape . it's very light and the bars on the outside of the tires keep things from grabbing your spokes . love it .
2			pretzels	great			wylde pretzels . great pretzels just wish it could be a little cheaper for cialicseverything i have purchaed on amazon has been great
2			it	available	stuff	great	songs	personal	listeners	casual	value	great	songs	new			it's great stuff . too bad you americans won not be getting the cover version of do you know where you are going to it's available on the asian release . overall , the album has a few new songs , and duets and the old 1 hits notably the cool fantasy remix . i think it's great value for money especially for carey fans . for casual listeners , there's nothing more golden than the voice of this truly talented singer who also writes her deeply personal songs starting from butterfly
2			movie	great	movie	true	job	great	scenes	scary	movie	good	quinn	adorable			annie . a great movie for the whole family if one can overlook the overacting by the cast which actually consists of some very fine actors and actresses . aileen quinn as annie is adorable and does a great acting job . my family representing 3 generations children , parents and grandparents had a wonderful time watching this together . the two children , ages 5 and 8 are very sensitive and get easily scared by scary scenes , even in so called family movies . but this one they greatly enjoyed , sitting on the edge of the sofa because of the suspense but not getting scared or traumatized . this is a true feel good movie for all ages .
2			product	great			great product . exactly what i wanted . works in my motorola razr v 3 x ! ! no formatting necessary ! just plug and play !
2			others	loud	waves	loud	product	good	waves	true	value	good	value	great	product	nice			good product , great value . we have used the product for five nights with excellent results . it functions perfectly . we use the ac plug and keep it on a table near the bed . however the ocean waves crashing are too loud and too only true white noise settings we end up using are rain , night , and waterfall . the others are either too loud or too disruptive to help us sleep . very nice product , very good value . and i agree wholeheartedly with the reviewer who wrote that it's better than a trip to the pharmacy .
1			job	decent	vocalists	worst	singer	average			still good&wack . thank goodness for eye candy , because musically ashanti is still one of the worst vocalists out lyric department still ain not that deep . 7 does a decent job on the of the music is decent , but any average karoke singer could pull it let me stop , because ashanti ain not even that has a formula that i can respect . i respect her hustle , but musically she is still a one note pony .
2			it	powerful	children	great			still makes me cry . i read this when i was in grade school and i pick it up again every so often . it's a great children's book , written simply enough to be understood but powerful enough to get a message across .
2			disc	entire	album	great	finish	original	it	worth	gem	underrated	record	great			great album ! i had this album in cassette back in the day , but i waited for the remastered disc to finally upgrade , and it is worth it ! this is a great harrison record from start to finish at least , the original finish , not the two tacked on jams , i don not really like those . but i still give it 5 stars . my favorite track is this is love , such an underrated gem from george . other highlights are cloud 9 that's what it takes , devil's radio , and what the heck , the entire disc ! ! they are all highlights ! ! get this now ! !
2			bunch	great	you	warm	burns	great			this cd will keep you warm in the winter ! i bought this cd at the suggestion of a friend of mine and it hasn not left my changer yet . i love the wide variety of songs . brett burns is great , as is john reno but i think my favorite is key we st i went to their web site and they seem like a great bunch of guys to party with . come to indiana soon !
2			product	great	one	best			great product . i absolutely love this headset . i won not talk on the phone without a headset . i love this one , because , it doesn not hurt when i place it in my hear like the round ear pieces . i have used many diffent headsets and this is the best one yet . i didn not give this product 5 stars because , they don not last as long as i would like . but again , that could be since i use it all day every day . i would love for body glove to come out with a wireless bluetooth with the same design for the ear , i recoommend this product to all my friends .
2			female	small	product	great			love it ! great product . i have used other non toxic deodorants and this so far is the be st a little uncomfortable because you have to wet it before use . this product however only blocks the smell not the sweat . being a small female that does not bother me but i probably would not recommend this to a guy .
2			book	great	price	big	it	easy	beginner	true	instructions	clear			big price and well worth it . this a great book to use when learning office 2000 it's easy to understand and has lots of screen pictures and labels to help you on your way . the instructions are clear and can help even the true beginner learn each program with the least possible discomfort and frustration .
2			i	glad	music	wonderful	musical	great	performers	amazing			great musical ! the performers in this show are amazing ! and the music is wonderful ! i m so glad they made this available on dvd so i can watch it over and over and over and .
2			camera	great	memories	memorable			camera . great camera and it has given me some very memorable memories . birthdays and events being one of them . i highly suggest this product .
2			it	awesome	game	cool			awsome game ! this game is soooo cool ! i got this game for my birthday and it is awsome ! it doesn not have as good as graphics as thps 1 for psx but their pretty good .
2			price	great	price	reasonable	everything	great	story	great			love love love . this movie has always been one of my favorites . great story , great price , great everything . was very happy to find a copy for a reasonable price .
2			hit	big	piece	great			the wow factor . we saw these at a restaurant at the beach and they were a great conversation piece as well as a cute idea for skewers for a party . a big hit with fruit , tomato & mozzerella balls or chicken .
1			he	awful	film	bad	fish	bad			oh james , what a mess . step right up folks and see what is probably the most amazingly bad film of the 80 s . see the bad fake fish on how good the first piranha film thing i will say about james cameron , he was awful brave to leave his name attached to this flounder of a fish tale , when he could have easily went for an alan smithee .
2			disappointment	great			disappointment . i have read all of faye kellerman's books so was looking forward to this one . it was a great disappointment too weird for me . connie of oak harbor , wa
2			headphones	easy	noise	great	pairing	easy	headphones	great	quality	good			great headphones . i love the headphones , compact and easy to store when not using . lightweight and comfortable to wear . the noise canceling feature is great , really noticeable . to turn off , hold the button till it flashes red . talking on the phone is easy and the quality is good . bluetooth pairing was easy . didn not even need to read the instructions . i am using an iphone with sony bluetooth wireless transmitter for ipod .
1			recreation	bad	book	rich	version	new	voice	boring	version	original	think	original	pitch	bad	one	original	cd	entire	book	great			bad recreation of think and grow rich . please be aware , fellow amazon customers , that this is a bad recreation of the original think & grow rich book . it has been updated for the 21 t century , so the author clai ms updated really means . muddled audiobook version is narrated by a guy with a monotone voice , whom beyond being boring and hard to listen to , has taken the original version of this book and twisted & changed it into his new version . i listened to the first entire cd from this guy and i felt like i was listening to a bad amway sales pitch ! ! ugh ! ! i cannot believe this guy would take a great book like this , which is in the public domain , change it and put napoleon hill's name on it . this book is based on the original one by napoleon hill , but it is not by napoleon is rated one star by me . i would rate it negative 5 stars if i your money . don not buy this edition of this book .
1			metallica	suck	it	hate	bands	worst	bands	musical	asses	bad	rock	hate no			metallica literally sucks . yeah , metallica is literally one of the worst musical bands of all time . ah , don not you just hate hick rock ? that's what this is hick rock , pure and simple . i hate it . no redeeming quality , musically or lyrically . for all of you drunken , hick bad asses our there , try converge , agoraphobic nosebleed , or daughters .
2			product	great			digital card . great product as well . this was great as i was traveling throughout south america and i was able to take many pics with this card
1			job	poor			enough . save your money for nba 2 2 microsoft is merely copying sega and ea with their sport franchises and doing a poor job at it .
2			release	original no	service	great			great service and product ! i love my cable release . it is not the original canon cable release as stated by the seller but it was in excellent condition and works great with my camera . just what i needed !
2			battle	great	book	great			well written and fast moving . this book is fast moving packed with action and suspense , another great book of the sieries . a great battle as usual , a dispisable villain , loyalty , bravery , treachory , and good hard fast moving packed action .
2			camera	new	it	expensive no	strap	adjustable	case	functional	value	great			a perfect fit for my panasonic lumix dmc zs 3 this case is a perfect fit for my new camera , and an added bonus is that my cell phone fits perfectly in the pocket as well . i m not sure how others are handling the camera ; why are they having such difficulty ? this case is a great value for the price . it's well padded , and protects the camera , and i love the adjustable strap . the zipper case takes some time to get used to ; i keep reaching for the velcro instead ! all in all , though , this is a very functional camera case , and it certainly doesn not look like it's as inexpensive as it is .
2			looked	great			made in china junk . looked great , returned it because it is made in china and will surely break . i wish they would start putting where things are manufactured on here .
1			sage	boring	sage	annoying	bad	bad			bad , bad , bad . i have seen almost all of the imax dvds , and this is by far the worst of the bunch . the back and forth narration of the child and wise sage is boring and annoying , and most of the scenes don not work well . don not pick this title up .
1			toy	useful	option	bad	toy	light	toy	musical			not strong enough and music hard to get . this toy is very light and it often goes very far and baby has to fall . the music option of this walker is very bad . i have to bang it to get the music . not at all a useful toy . i will be returning it tomorrow . not strong enough , and not enough value . my opinion is don not buy this piece at usefull as walker or as visual or musical toy
1			days	worst			reality is now worse than fiction . this is not a movie review but all i can tell you that september 11 2001 will be one the worst days of my life . my condolences to the families who have suffered this outrages attack on our soil . let us hope the justice is delivered . peace .
2			toddler	great	parents	new			this is a flimsy book , not a board book . i love this book , but this is not the great toddler friendly board book . it is paperback . find the board book and you have got a 5 star review ! our kids love to read this at night . this is a must for new parents and baby showers !
2			they	true	season	entire	pilots	incredible	senses	great	sense	finest	work	hard	concentration	constant			the blue angels pride , perfectionism , teamwork , and fun . this book shows the reader scenes that we can only imagine , until mr shul shared these beautiful images of the blues with us . this book shows you the hard work and teamwork and constant concentration required to be one of the team . takes us through an entire season with the team and shows how the team comes together through hard work and alot of trust in each other . these men are incredible pilots . . and they are also real true blue men in the finest sense of the wo rd not to have great senses of humor . kept me laughing from start to end .
1			tomb	old	game	solid	fan	huge	gameplay	interesting	graphics	bad			indy raider . this is a solid game for the time , but now it's very lacking . jerky controls and bad graphics , but the gameplay is still interesting . worth buying if you are a huge indy fan or if you like the old tomb raider games
2			things	great	holder	original			kapoosh . these things are great ! ! i have three and don not use the original knife holder that came with my knives . they hold tons of knives , scissors and my steel . reccommend to everyone . also , bed bath and beyond says this style is no longer being made so if you already own one and want another to match you would better get now before they run out .
1			bass	little	ms	proble	pair	bad	pair	new	care	good	sound	electronic	care	average			decent sound but not well built . i got a new pair of these about 3 weeks ago and they broke last night . after three uses about 2 hours of listening to my ipod the right earbud quit working . i thought maybe there was something wrong with my ipod so i grabbed another set of headphones and they worked without any proble ms i am not sure why they quit working , but it wasn not because i abused them , i take good care of all of my electronic sound of the earbuds was slightly above average , though they had a little too much bass for my taste . i did like the way they fit in my ears and they did not fall out like others i have tried . i can not really recommend these to anyone because they did not last , but then again maybe i just got a bad pair .
2			results	great	whitestrips	original			amazing product . years ago when the original whitestrips first came out , i tried them . i had great results and the whitening actually lasted longer than i had expected . fastforward a handful of years and i have decided to try the premium strips . i m getting braces in a month , and i wanted quick results that would last at least through a portion of my treatment . i used the premium strips for 30 ins lastnight and i had amazing results from only one strip ! if my teeth keep whitening like this , i will have to stop using them before the box is done to prevent having the unnatural hollywood glow . i was blown away !
1			poetry	bad	i	thrilled	friend	old	i	proud			boring . blake is trying too hard . as an old friend of the author , i was thrilled to stumble across his first book . i read girl and have to say i was proud to say i knew him when . i read exile with hope and was actually embarrassed for him . i hate to tell you folks , but nelson is mark west bad poetry and all . i hope that girl wasn not just an accident . i m looking forward to reading more from nelson , as long as it's not the boring , self indulgent stuff of exile .
2			foods	expensive	book	great			great book for caviar eating yuppies . if you arent used to taking your clothes to the dry cleaners for cleaning , and eating expensive foods , this book will offer little that you dont already know .
2			songs	great	message	great	cd	great			great cd . david meece is one of my favorite arti st this cd has a lot of great songs with a great message .
2			issues	real	song	nice	community	black	std	great	erin	awesome			the truth . i remeber seeing lyfe on apollo and thinking this dude is awesomne someone needs to sign him . now he is blowing up and that is great seeing as he was in jail for 10 years ! i love love love , must be nice such a sweet song that ghetto love can relate to . she got kids is the truth about how man feels and gives us ladies insight of what men think . singer erin on hypothetically is awesome i can not wait til she comes out and i love the concept of the this is the truth he even reveals he had a std which is great that he is speaking about real issues in the black community . church folks thats what i call it . is great since i grew up in church myself i can relate and i think every church needs to hear this song and have a forum about the issues lyfe brings up because it is simply the truth .
2			movie	great	period	foreign	movie	good			i love this movie its in my top 5 of all time . this is a really great movie not just foreign but movie period . this is a great drama gangster movie i hope a sequel comes out to continue maliks story this movie is a must see and buy i didnt think this movie would be as good but it is so buy this !
1			school	old	beats	bad	styles	old			s ! t . this is a waste of money every song has the same old school rap style by g . boo . mostly all of the beats are the same too in the biggining of each song the beats are good but once she starts singing the beats all of this means this cd has bad beats , old rap styles& the worst of all the singer .
2			family	creative	turn	nice	muppets	classic	it	nice	cd	adorable	family	great	characters	little			cute , fun , john denver's great , very creative , family fare . as a collector of christmas music , i can tell you that this adorable cd is classic muppets . john denver does a nice turn , it's nice to hear his smooth voice in the midst of all these scratchy little characters . everybody in th family should enjoy it !
2			music	warm	music	great	ribeiro	amazing	cues	great	job	good	length	good	choreography	good			love this workout . quenia ribeiro is amazing ! ! i love this video , she really does a good job with teaching the moves to you , you get plenty of time to learn to do things . cues are great , workout is fun , good warm up , great music . there's no cool down , but that's something you can do on your own . good choreography , workout is a good length . highly recommended !
2			school	high	moral	great	way	powerful	book	great	illustrations	outstanding			great picture book ! the story , of course , is well known , with a great moral . this picture book , however , has outstanding illustrations , that bring the story to life in a powerful way . as a high school english teacher , i use this book to show students how powerful a well crafted blend of story and illustrations can be .
2			generation	greatest	obstacles	great	dream	worth			share the courage , feel the warmth ! while i am not an american , i very much enjoy and respect dan rather for his intellect , professionalism and communication skills . while this book is titled , the american dream , it is everyone's dream , the country , itself , is nothing more than geography . most of us have a dream , whether it be to learn , grow , overcome great obstacles , fears and challeges , or the pursuit of freedom , peace , happiness and justice , in what is often an unjust society . through the pages of rather's book you will meet people and read the stories of those who have , indeed , gone in search of their drea ms this is an excellent book and while it does conjure up feeling and compassion to a certain degree ; it lacks the intense emotion of one other excellent book , the greatest generation by tom brokaw . while the american dream is well worth reading , if i had to make a choice between the two books , brokaw's book would rank ahead of this one .
1			reason	original	i	sick	i	tired	mess	constant	remaster	poor	range	dynamic	i	upset			piss poor remaster . don not bother buying the remaster ! stick with the original only reason i didn not give this one star is because of all of the bonus material it comes with . i am sick and tired of the loudness war . louder is not better ! this album when listened to in it's entirety fatigues your ears . instead of having the dynamic range that kurt originally intended for all of the songs on the album to have . it just drones on as one constant loud mess and instead of getting lost in the music , you get lost in daydreaming and forget to listen to the music . i just hope they don not ruin in utero on it's 20 h anniversary if they decide to remaster and re release it . hopefully they hand that job over to steve albini to remaster . i would be more upset if they ruined in utero .
2			help	great			great for beginners . this is only a paperback pamphlet like book , but it was a great help . i recommend it for anyone who wants to learn to cross stitch .
1			period	poor	world	concerned	ideas	good	graphics	poor			let down once again ! my favorite jet is an f / a -18 e super hornet ! but i was hoping that digital integration would have done more than creat a game with only good ideas . graphics are poor period ! i have read the readme file and tried to slow down features on a already poor graphics situation and it still locks up sooner or later ! i m running a g force ii with an intel pentium iii and a full sound blaster live . i have no problems with any of my other only they would have made this navy flight sim as good as falcon far as the hornet world is concerned , janes still is number one ! this game is a bummer and i wouldn not recommend it to anyone since the company couldn not write the program to make it worth much ! marc
2			chamaco	great			simon perez stinks . is very sad to listen the songs of the inmortal chamaco ramirezperformed by simon perez . he also never gives credit to the great one chamaco .
1			review	previous	edition	special	review	bad	book	wrong	interdev	visual	book	terrible			seems i review the wrong book . the 2 star entry that i previously submitted is for the book special edition using visual interdev 6 , which is a terrible book . i have not read this book , so please disregard the previous bad review .
2			melody	great	history	unknown			bosstown sound enjoyed by an l . a . listener . a piece of pop history that was unknown to me until very recently . hootie & the blowfish recently covered can not find the time to tell you , and it appears on the me , myself & irene soundtrack . i enjoyed that version great melody and pure pop lyrics so much that it emboldened me to find out more about bruce arnold and orpheus . incidentally , on khj in los angeles in 69 the rose colored glass charted higher with its version of can not find the time than orpheus had ! brown arms in houston , which also did better than can not find . was orpheus only other charting song in l . a .
1			set	bad	screen	small	enough	likeable	gem	true	dials	best			awful . no where near standard set by poirot or marple . even after making allowance for the stories being some of christie's earlier work , this set is just plain bad . the writing is dreadful and the actors worse . particularly tuppy who i formed a deep and permanent dislike after about 5 minutes . her accent & attitude got under my skin . quite obviously a theater actor with a background in light comedy who didn not translate to the small screen at all well . seven dials is the best of the lot . that's not saying much but at least tuppy was absent and the heroine in contrast was likeable enough but even so , not worth the price of this set a miss and buy lord peter wimsey with ian carmichael , a true gem from the same tv era .
1			deal	bad	customer	terrible			won not buy from this seller again . not only is their customer service terrible if you can get a hold of someone , they are charging a $ 21 restocking fee . for a bag . i don not see that warning mentioned on the shopping page . bad deal .
2			movie	little	movie	great	levy	generous	cast	large	screen	big			a great little movie . while spinal tap @might have the killer lines , a mighty wind has a large cast of better rounded characters that guest and levy are generous enough to share the screen with . while tap is the funnier film it still plays like a collection of pasted together sketches while wind has better narrative pacing and a much better pay off . definitely a dvd worth owning for the bonus footage along with the need for repeated viewings and as a tool to convert those who missed it on the big screen .
2			escape	great	it	fun			great escape ! i loved this book . it was such a great escape from my own life . the story and characters kept me intrigued . i was eager to get to the end to see how it all played out , only to be saddened when it was over because it was so much fun . i can only hope there is a follow up book ! the writing is witty . the characters are charismatic . it was a joy to read . i would highly recommend it to parrot heads and non parrot heads alike . everyone should enjoy this one .
2			sopranumber	powerful	masterpiece	underrated	sass	young	recording	great	aria	big			a great recording of an underrated masterpiece . this is still the best it was the first studio recording of this little known verdi tunefe st wonderful arias and duets , full of melody and drama . carreras is in fine voice , and lovely young diva sylvia sass sings with her usual incisive , sensitive and powerful sopranumber her big aria in act two is not to be missed . everyone should have this cd in their collection . it's a wonderful ensemble recording .
1			idea	nice	melodies	vocal	look	nice	result	poor			nice idea , poor result . just bought this cd and was very disappointed both as a dmb fan and a bluegrass lover . while the muscians on this cd are technically proficient , their strict adherence to the vocal melodies leaves the over all orchestrations rather sterile , especially if one is expecting something akin to the virtuosity of pickers like fleck , thile , douglas , sutton , duncan , etc this cd clearly demonstrates how integral carter beauford and leroi moore are to the dmb sound . if you are a diehard dmb fan , then this cd will look nice in your library , but i imagine it will never suffer the wear of routine play .
1			thing	hard	actors	good no	recording	complete	valjean	easy	mis	best	recording	best	it	worth	performance	worst			les mis is my favorite musical , but not this album . all the actors are not good , exept javert . the valjean was not doing what people expected him to do . though it was the complete recording , it was the worst performance of les mis . the chorus had an obvious american accent and i heard that they first recorded the music then the singing . the javert is best one in this album . and to tell the truth , i do not think that it is worth the price . if your looking for the best les mis then the 10 h anniversary is the one you should look for . it is to easy to notice that the singers are using artficial moods especially valjean , mme . thenadier and mister thenadier . the whole thing is hard to enjoy i just feel tricked . but if they had better singers besides javert , english accents , and if they recorded the whole thing at once , then bullseye . i think if you are looking for the best recording then defenently check out the 10 h anniversary .
1			man	bad			lizird tracks . good ole time action and saving clementine town from the clutches of bad man leroy brown train ! give it a 4 star , its a keeper . the azlizird
2			songs	great	set	cheap	proformances	live	preformances	live	preformances	old	audio	like	audio	terrible	dino	good	radio	old	idea	good			not so good dino . don not let the long list of great songs fool you . this box set is cheap for a reason . you get what you pay for . alomst all of the songs are live proformances and the audio is terrible . if you can imagine dean singing these songs live on an old radio , then you threw the radio down a well , you can get a good idea of what the audio is like . i certainly would not recommend anyone buying this unless they are looking for old live preformances of dean martin that sound like they are on vinyls instead of cds .
2			it	perfect	i	best	screen	perfect	it	great	definition	high	it	hard			really awesome . the screen is perfect and it is completely high definition . it's really almost perfect . the best i have ever seen . on the down side when you first get it it's a little hard to use . really complicated . but over all it's great . i would really reccomend it .
2			action	civil	i	disappointed	read	great	i	sick	read	good			i loved a civil action and with the lost painting . i was sick and really needed a good read . i rarely disagree with so many reviewers and surely it might have been my mood , but i was so disappointed ! i found no character with an interior , no plot that grabbed me , and everwhere there were these horrid diconuities of person and place and vapid proose , god , i really needed a great read . i m not overly critical but this was so dull . sorry , mr carr , i don not want to ruin your many fans points but this book went nowhere for me . anyone else find it dullsville ? ps sorry for the typos , i am sick so can not do better .
1			half	good	half	bad	value	educational	half	entertaining			only first half is good . the first half is entertaining . but i m not sure if it has educational value . the second half is very very bad . the doctor in psychology who gives instructions is very unappealing . he has not even smile once in his about 10 minute lecture . i m wondering how any child can stand watching such a face .
2			table	cute	everything	great			cute table . this table is as described and is very cute and decently sturdy for the price . the only complaint i would have is that the drawer is not secured on a track . so if you have anything slightly heavier in the drawer and pull it out , it will tip forward and down and even fall out . everything else is great about this though from the look to the ease of setting it up .
2			pros	fantastic			10 10 single player game of the year . 10 10 game of the year , need anymore be said ? pros fantastic single player , engrossing storycons lack of multiplayer lack of cutscenes / videos only on xbox 360 when i bought itbottom line best single player xbox 360 game there is
1			price	high	oven	functional	product	worst			worst yet . this product is the worst yet ! if you are looking for a multi functional toaster oven this is not it . the temperature is inconsistent , most foods i have tried to bake take twice as long and cook very uneven ; burnt on the outside , raw in the middle . toaster function usually dose not toast at all or burns to a crisp . don not be fooled by the high price , you won not get your money's worth !
2			i	happy	price	great	they	soft	they	comfortable	classes	black	shoes	great			great ballroom shoes . i have been using this pair of shoes for quite some time now . i have bought them in red and black for my ballroom classes . they are very soft and comfortable and the price was great ! i m very happy with my shoes !
2			buy	great	price	easy	quality	great	price	good	life	good	cards	regular			great buy . great picture quality , very good price , easy to use and operate , takes regular sd cards and has a good battery life .
1			console	real	layout	bad	sounds	right no	retro	bad	feel	different			just plain bad . boy did they really screw this game up . first of all , you can tell that this is not games all have a different feel , sounds are not quite right whole layout is bad , and takes place in an arcade . funny the intellivision was a home the background music makes me want to pound my head into a wall after a few games i can not even get to is almost as bad as the 25 in 1 all the retro out there , they really screwed up intellivision big time . intellivision deserves much better than the cr p they are putting out . spend the money at a yard sale and buy the real console because this is horrible .
1			parts	good	way	bad			been there , done that , only not as good . can not vouch for the quality of the blu ray but this movie was really underwhelming . the only good parts of the movie were done before and much better in 28 days later and castaway . i am legend is merely a shallow will smith vehicle that reaches for something but never reaches anything more than an unsatisfying and bad way to spend a couple hours .
2			dench	great	characters	main			sadly . my wife and i were psyched for this movie . she has been doing a read through of all the dick francis novels and we had just seen the series done by ian mcshanedick francis mysteries in the frame / blood sport / twice shy . sadly , this was not worth it . the novel , set in the late 1950 s and published in 1962 , was updated to the disco 70 s . while the dreadful clothes , hair , and music could have been just mildly distracting , it was only the beginning of what was wrong . the book was badly replotted changing the events of the book and the main characters beyond recognition , much to the frustration of my only reason to watch this movie is the great judi dench . sadly .
1			movie	bad	it	bad			superbad my sentiments exactly . this movie is so bad . so very bad . in fact , it's super bad . not funny . just horrible . i could not get through the whole thing . terrible . one of the worst ever .
2			work	great			jason and the argonauts . much loved movie from everyone's youth except mine ; i have never seen it till now . the brilliant harryhausen work was no surprise , nor was some awkward dubbing , but i thought the whole thing would be a lot more set bound . lots of great location work , especially in the scene w / the harpies . i liked herrmann's score better for 7 h voyage , but that's a quibble . 8 10
2			brands	regular	things	great	i	ok	shoes	comfortable	shoe	different			not for me . i m accustomed to dansko , sanita , and allegria shoes , which are all very comfortable , but require a break in period . i m ok with that . but these never seemed to get broken in . maybe my feet are just used to soles on my regular brands . i m on my feet 9 hours a day , on concrete , walking around and up and down stairs , for several miles a day , sometimes with long periods standing i m an adult education instructor . i have heard so many great things about chucks and really wanted a different shoe i could wear from time to time , and was hoping these would be it . i wear a 10 40 in women's and the 8.5 chucks fit my foot well thankful i read the other reviews and knew what size to order but they just aren not the shoe for me .
2			printer	great			just after warranty expired it broke . i have loved the quality of the prints for a little over a year . then the printhead broke . i called for a replacement part and the replacement costs $ 97 before shipping costs . great printer just wish it worked . i will not buy cannon again .
2			pans	right no	method	good	reviews	negative	cookware	great	price	great	bit	little	price	reasonable	medium	low	set	great			great cookware , great price . i got this set as an early christmas present and i really like them . the thing you have to remember , especially when reading all of these negative reviews , is that you can not just slap some food in them and then crank up the heat . it says specifically on the product info inside of the box that they perform best when used on low to medium heat . you have to know just a little bit about cooking , or else these pans might not be right for you . if in doubt of your cooking abilities , check out food network every once in a while or go to their website if you need a good cooking temp / method . these pans can really improve your food ! only four stars because , like other reviews , the lid handles get hot , so just make sure to use some sort of towel of potholder . other than that , great set for those who aren not pros but still want quality and a reasonable price . enjoy !
1			quality	poor	production	bad	ups	necessary no			poor quality , beautiful ballerina . if i had know the recording quality of this performance was so poor i wouldn not have order it . bad camera production , out of focus at times , and unnecessary close ups of the the close ups for the bonus features not the actual performance .
1			i	useless	ms	proble	book	simple	food	bad			book was a waste of money . this book had sample letters for everything from a letter to a credit card company reguarding unannounced change in interest rate to a letter to a reaurant that served bad food . it would take an act of god to make any of the details of any of the letters work in most situations . the book was simple & nothing things anyone could write explaining proble ms not what i was expecting and totally useless for me . will donate book to thrift store .
2			eyewitness	best	reading	great	spontaneity	equal	gift	good	carey	historical			reading it for the fourth time ! today i ordered my fourth copy of eyewitness to history carey , john since it first was published . why ? when my guests have seen it in my home , some have borrowed it , become addicted to it , and i end up telling them to keep it . it makes a good gift and great reading . i enjoy reading both history and short stories eyewitness to history is the best of both in one volume ! the authenticity is appealing , but the spontaneity of the eyewitness accounts is without equal . the simple , forthright eyewitness accounts are devoid of verbose , protracted and often biased interpretations that one frequently encounters in most historical carey , when are you going to write an updated edition with more accounts ? i want to be the first to know .
1			side	good	looks	nice	functionality	basic	mouse	poor	life	good	keyboard	useless			good but problems . you may notice i am writing this in lowercase . i am using the s 510 keyboard i bought over a year ago . the shift keys suddenly went out so the keyboard is now useless . i have to subtract for longevity . the mouse that comes with the keyboard is poor but i use it with another mouse anyway . and , as noted in other reviews this , in common with most other usb keyboards , only works with basic functionality when hooked up through a usb kvm switch . on the good side , the battery life is very good and i think it looks nice , but i will be looking for something else for a replacement .
2			it	disappointing	product	bad no	anyone	aware			unsafe for sitting infants . just wanted to add another cautionary post here about your baby tipping over . my 7 mo . old was within a second of face planting as she reached for a dropped toy i luckily looked over and caught the chair right before she smashed into the hardwood floor . it's kind of disappointing since i think of fisher price as a gold standard in child product safety , we grew up with fisher price products ourselves . some other people have written here not to use the chair in rocking mode with infants of this age , but this isn not really made obvious , and i naively thought that since the product says 'safe up to 40 lb . toddlers , it was engineered to not tip over . it's not a bad product overall , but this is something that anyone who uses this chair should be aware of .
2			amazon	great	wiring	good	cables	good	one	identical	points	defective	days	next			disappointed in product ! our first unit arrived and with in the first day of use was giving errors on known good wiring . we discovered two of the four nodes were the problem . we contacted the manufacturer and they wanted us to return to our place of purchase . amazon was great about promptly returning . at the same time we ordered an identical one and when it arrived , we promptly tested with known good cables . again , we found we had defective node end points . we called the manufacturer again and they never called us back as the end , we return the second unit to amazon and are now looking for another make / model to purchase . if you purchase this , do so with caution testing all components immediately and for the next several days .
2			storyline	great	everything	cool	pokemon	great	pokemon	new			pokemon keeps comin . pokemon has always been great , but this is graphics are sweet . all new pokemon and moves and of course new looks 4 everything which is so cool . the storyline is great , much more than usual . alot !
2			game	great	yr	old			great teen family game ! my 12 yr old and 14 yr old love to play this game with us . they actually ask us for our time instead of the other way around . . we added another phrase , start ass for those who never make it off the starting block .
2			winner	real	points	different	fan	huge	movie	awesome	theater	independent	theater	little			awesome . first , i will admit and preface this review with that i will see anything with andy garcia in it . . i am a huge fan . aside from that , this movie was awesome ! i laughed and cried at different points throughout the movie . and , i learned of a place that i had never heard of . i will own this movie as part of my collection . thank goodness for our little independent movie theater here in las cruces or i may never have have had the pleasure of seeing this film . a real winner ! !
2			it	nice	device	little	deal	big no	device	great			great little device ! works as advertised ! bought this as more of a novelty item and it has yet to let me down ! works great with windows xp login / screen lock as well as web pages . the only caveat that i can see , and the reason for only 4 stars , is that it only works with ie . which is hardly a surprise as it is a microsoft product . hello ? microsoft product . microsoft os / it ? although it would be nice to see other browser support in the future , its most certainyl not a big deal . works 100 as advertised .
2			clint	great			movie . awesome movie . clint is great ! ! i would refer this movie for all my family and friends . hits home in so many ways
1			quality	poor	grade	low			the tick poorly done . really poor quality . obviously copied from a tv set . this may be the only way to purchase the series , but be aware that it's a low grade recording . for tick fans this will be acceptable .
2			people	depressed	edge	good	people	negative	section	great	way	direct			feeling good by david burns . i feel that david burns has been able to put a good edge of stability on my day to day living . stuff that i think i might have worked out myself but burns deals with in a simple direct way and how to cope with them whatever youve decided your problems are ; that one has a procrastination issues , surviving negative people and situations , you dealing with life in general . he shows how to cope with situations either by writing activities or by your own mind pge 138 dealing with critisism .1 always speak the might be biazarre and weird truth but the attacker will run out of steam and it will lose their grip on book is focused on depressed people . i dont think i am actually would epressed but certainly had my issues and one of these is dealing with antidepressants in the past and this book has a great section on the treatment of antidepressants .
2			device	great			battery saver . this is a great device ; saves me a lot of money and time from having to purchase batteries all the time for my kids .
2			music	great			not one of my favorites . eric bogle is an artist that i enjoy listening to . the music on this cd is great but i find the talking to be very distracting . i would prefer to have the songs on their own .
1			daughter	old	record	wonderful	songs	poor	sounds	interesting	sounds	mediocre	uses	creative	record	new	rd	new	songs	good	playing	terrific			quite a disappointment . i purchased avril's 1 t album for my 8 year old daughter didn not expect much , but that record was wonderful . the sounds were interesting , her voice was well recorded , the songs were good and the playing was terrific . it was like a textbook on how to make an interesting new pop / rock reco rd this new record is so inferior that it makes me wonder about the inside story . the sounds are mediocre , the songs are poor , the performnaces by the guitar players are subaverage not the same band . even avril's voice is not recorded the same way and the creative uses of harmony and looping are not there . sophomore slump or something else ?
1			book	worst			unfortunately a better book on the subject doesn not exi st the motivation is nonexistent , and the examples are trivial . if you want to learn anything you have to trudge through exercises which require techniques that are not addressed in the text . i don not mind working to learn a subject , but spending two hours trying to understand what a question is asking is a bit best , and most concise review i have ever heard was , hartshorne is the worst book on algebraic geometry , except for all the others .
2			set	great			great set of glasses ! i have been using these for 3 years now and i like these . nothing extraordinary , but they do their job and look good doing it !
2			watch	classic	type	light	price	great			classic casio digital watch . this is a classic casio digital watch of the 80 s type that is light , accurate , long lasting battery , and light and unobtrusive . great price . after one month of use i am loving it . it is highly recommended .
2			child	small	choice	great	book	little	objects	real	children	old			snowballs a delightful children's book . snowballs is a perfect little book for children a year old and older . it's bold pictures are eye catching and really stand out . the illustrations are made out real objects . the words refer to relationships that a toddler can appreciate mommy and daddy for example . with few words and primary style print , a small child would be likely to pay attention longer . it's sturdily made as well . a great choice as a beginning book !
1			part	bad	soup	expensive			expensive soup . i received 1 4.2 oz package of shin ramyun soup . looks like the cost was $ 4.99 that's over a $ 1 per oz . the bad part is that it was also out of date last june 28 h ! i know amazon is not to blame as i have never had this happen before . i was disapointed . r l whyle
2			movie	great	it	great			great movie , but . i loved the movie it was great , but i bought the three pack , two disc blu ray / dvd combo digital copy , because that is what i wanted . the fact that i can not use my digital copy on all my devices , really fracks me off . just rude and really upsetting of the company to pull such an underhanded move .
2			material	great	item	new	material	useful			not exactly . this item was advertized as not new but had mroe writing in it that rendered it not usable for the purpose for which i had purchased it . the material presented in it is great and useful but this book could not be used by a student as intended .
2			education	great	it	fun			a testament to the fact that the movie is sometimes better . wow ! what an awful book . it's fun though in an idiotic way . also , it's a great education in screenwriting ; seriously , you should check out the movie three days of the condor .
1			it	worst	i	disappointed	story	short	pages	extra			a long version of a short story . i was very disappointed after waiting for this book . it is definately the worst of the series and nothing more than a short story with a few extra pages . it lacks all the excitment and suspense of the other books .
2			day	hard	features	special	bonus	great	trainer	personal			can not beat it unless you leave your house and pay double ! i love the fact that i get a personal trainer without even stepping outside my bedroom . i also love that i have a personal trainer that meets my schedule . i found the dvd to motivational and not boring . sleek in a week is amazing , although i had hard time meeting the needs of eating in that way the exercise worked wonders . the week is set for you , and i enjoyed having the music only option once i became familar . it all moved at the right pace . my personal trainer was able to customize to how i felt each day and stress reduction worked wonders after work and / or a hard day . the special features are a great bonus that is , the heart rate the solution to a fast paced woman in a fast paced city .
2			book	fantastic			magical ! i have just finished this amazing book . i have read all the h . p . books except the seventh one which i m going to start now . all of the harry potter books are page turners and very detailed . they are much better than the movies in my opinion . the books explain a lot more and it's easier to understand what's going on . overall , this book is fantastic ! i would definitely reccomend it .
2			start	great	series	good			a great start . having been a hugh debra messing fan since will and grace , i had to check out the starter wife . let me just say , this is a really fun , good series . i have been intently watching it and can not get enough . i only hope they keep bringing it back for fans like me . i would recommend the paperback to go along with it the starter wife .
1			system	terrible	pole	fine	instructions	poor	design	poor			poor design , poor instructions . we bought this pole to go with a martin house we purchased . the pole is fine but the locking system is terrible . we could not get the hook to work either upright or on the ground like some reviews indicated . we ended up using a metal drill and nuts and bolts . we drilled holes thru the pipe and then bolted the pipes together . this worked great . now when it is time to clean , all we have to do is take out the bolts and lower the pole by sections . design of the locking system needs to change .
2			fallacy	dangerous	details	unknown	terror	great			disturbing . robert conquest at his best , chronicling a deeply harrowing tragedy . what i find most disturbing about the terror famine is that the gruesome details are still relatively unknown . there are literally only a hand full of books on the subject , notably moshe lewin , miron dolot , and conquest himself . compare this to the copious writings on the two wars and the holocau st i stongly recommend this book , and conquest's other masterpiece not he great terror , as not only superbly researched history but also a warning against the dangerous fallacy of the utopian state .
2			product	great	i	happy			great product works great with logitech harmony . i am very happy with my purchase ; the switch works perfectly and integrated nicely with our setup . programming it into our existing logitech harmony universal remote was a snap . i would highly recommend this product .
1			plot	little	sticks	heavy	acting	poor	boys	old			any redeeming qualities ? it is very seldom that i can find no redeeming qualities for a film . did anyone write a script ? this film has little plot and trite dialog . were there any rehearsals ? the acting was poor , accents were phony , speech was poorly articulated mumbled , and sword fights were awkwa rd it reminded me of watching 12 year old boys with heavy sticks pretending to be warriors . yawn .
1			movie	bad			waste of time . this movie is so bad , what a waste of time , it was such waste of time that i wont even waste my time writing a review .
2			way	great	way	easy	book	nice	books	affordable			had to have it . great and easy way to get books needed for college . made buying books so much easier and affordable . also receive e mails to sell back the book which is nice . not ready to sell it but nice to have that option .
2			feels	real	film	great	scene	weak	soundtrack	remarkable	role	real			finally , jk simmons has a real role ! a movie with a remarkable soundtrack and a father son depiction that feels real and is not smothered in nostalgia . there is a grateful dead concert scene that is a little weak , but other than that , a great film .
2			line	great			call the midwife wow tis a winner . i absolutely loved this series . i m waiting for more episodes . great story line great ca st very easy to really get into it .
1			connection	bad	accent	thick			horrible tech support . purchased this unit because of the ratings on however , i wasn not able to get the unit setup and after 15 attempts i called tech support . unfortunately , i couldn not understand the tech support an icu nurse i have worked with doctors from all over the world but i couldn not understand the tech support people in india . the accent was so thick and the phone connection was so bad that i finally gave up calling after three times and sent the unit back . i then purchased another unit from embarq / centurylink and had to call their tech support . fortunately , they where located in the us and the problem was finally solved .
2			morning	next	i	disappointed	ups	great			beware made in china . first let me say , i ordered the cart tuesday morning and received it thursday evening . ups was great for once . the package was wrapped in tape to within an inch of its life , very secure . however , when i opened it up the next morning , i was disappointed to find a warped metal frame and cheap wheels . the frame may hold 250 lbs temporarily , but the wheels would fold . they looked to be made of a plastic foam , may not last a month . the handle of the cart was not foam or cushion but cheap plastic that seems like it will tear off if used for serious work . so not worth the $ 44 i paid . maybe i will try walgreens , or rip off a kid's tricycle for it's wheels .
2			songs	familiar	rider	new	riders	new	blend	incredible	version	fantastic			wonderful bluegrass music ! wow ! who would have thought that the blend would be so incredible . a fantastic version of the stone's wild horses and the new rider's panama red are just some of the more familiar songs this album deals with . clemens fiddle work carries the album , but all contribute to develop a delightful bluegrass mix . if you like jerry garcia , the new riders of the purple sage , or bluegrass , you have to give this album a listen .
2			films	great	movie	old	version	classic	version	japanese	film	japanese	cinema	japanese	film	classic	themes	great	film	original	movie	nice	buff	classic			a lesson in cinema history . great films are sometimes well disguised . japanese cinema has been the source of great cinematic themes . for example , the magnificen seven classic western film was adapted from the seven samuri . the godzilla theme spawned many revivals , which is an indication that this is more than just another nice old movie . here is a chance to compare the original japanese film , with its anti nuclear theme and love triangle , with the americanized and sanitized classic version with raymond burr . it is a startling contra st if you enjoyed the american version , you will be surprised at the power of the unedited , subtitled japanese version . if you are a monster movie fan and a classic film buff , then you will certainly enjoy this set . if you already own the classic american version of godzilla , purchasing the japanese version is something worth considering .
2			fan	casual	piece	acoustic	work	best	song	definitive	stuff	great	costello	essential	lyrics	incredible			here's one that really grabs me . i have been more or less a casual fan of costello over the of his work moves me and some does not . all this useless beauty is one that truly does . he's always written incredible lyrics . i remember catching him on letterman when this came out . he did it's time as a solo acoustic piece and completely blew me away . that song in my mind is so definitive of his dark lyricism and there's plenty of other great stuff here as well . the other end of the telescope , complcated shaddows and poor fractured atlas are essential costello in my book . his best work since spike . costello has been so prolific over the years . he doesn not always hit the nail on the head , but he certainly did so here .
1			intent	superb	ms	proble	ms	different	control	poor			weather radio is plagued with problems . this weather radio is plagued with proble ms it appears to have design flaws or poor quality control . i have returned these units several times only to get another with still different proble ms this is ashame . the intent in the design appears to have been superb , but yet the resulting product is plagued with problems , such as , not receiving the noaa test signals or alerts , not receiving the nist clock signal , going off in the middle of the night with radio reception error listen to broadcast , and no solution except to unplug the radio and remove the batteries . getting replacement units from the manufacturer or returns to seller does not correct the problem . i have given up on the wx -268
2			sheets	great	deal	great			great sheets for the price . these are very soft and durable for the price . i have washed them and they do wrinkle but i iron my sheets anyways so it doesn not bother me , great deal .
2			control	friendly	investment	practical	options	perfect	fan	great			excellent . this is a great fan for the price . i have other hunter fans and they last forever . the fan is great for a medium size room , the options are perfect . the remote control is user friendly . this fan is simple , practical , and worth the investment .
2			off	little	size	nice	glass	good	set	great			good glass great set . these are really nice , but i gave it a 4 instead of 5 because they aren not perfect for the price / quality . nice size , but the proportions are a little off . we have tons of marquis by waterford and love all the stemware . these are nice because they go with the set . i highly recommend them for water and have heard the actual water glasses break very easily .
2			albums	best	tracks	great	alternative	little	radio	popular	guitar	electric	range	tremendous	they	similar	voice	similar	songs	good			one of the best albums out there to pick up . this is one of those albums that you can put in your player and listen to the whole way through over and over again and not get sick of it . the lead singer's voice is similar to that of raine maida's voice from our lady peace as they both have a tremendous range . seeing as how both bands are canadian , they are very similar , but finger 11 is a little more mainstream alternative with more electric guitar in their sound . popular radio hits such as quicksand and above gave this band a name and some recognition . the rest of the cd contains songs just as good as these . awake and dreaming is an excellent tune as it has its sentimental side yet completely rocks at the right times . tip , shudder , condenser , and thin spirits are also great tracks . buy this you like alternative , rock , etc . you won not be disappointed with this album .
2			product	great	it	easy			awesome for children . gave as a gift and my daughter loved it . she takes it to school every day , the bookness of it makes it easy to carry around . great product !
2			it	great	thing	good	plot	weak	musicians	big			no plot , just not good . the acting is pretty much only good thing in this movie . still i get the feeling that director , john singleton , hired 2 ac and janet jackson , just because at that time they were big musicians . so he thought he could make a blockbuster successful movie . however it is great to see 2 ac alive again . still 2 ac has also been in better roles such as plot is weak , the only scene i like is when they crash a family reunion . they do this just get food .
1			girls	young	movie	horrible	life	real no	ways	worst	they	wrong	influence	bad			stay away ! some say this is an inspirational movie for young girls . just so you know , they are wrong ! if you are a parent do not show this to your child . it promotes sexism in the worst ways . the girls a children are all persecuted by boys . this is taken to the absolute extreme . this is not like real life . every interaction with the boys these girls have they act as if they are being attacked . in response they proceed to become violent physically , verbally , and by their actions . this is a horrible movie and a bad influence . 0 10 do not watch it , stay away from this disgusting movie .
2			book	great			the jade pavilion . martin booth always writes a great book and this is no one for your library !
2			pleasure	great	ones	difficult	items	new	items	glorious			crazy patchwork by janet haigh . having lost my confidence with the needle following a long spell of illness , this book , crazy patchwork , a christmas gift from my husband , first gave me great pleasure just looking through it , and secondly inspiration to pick up my needle again . beautiful pictures illustrate the non patronising instructions to create glorious new items from recycled bits and pieces , many of which most needlewomen will find in their of the projects are easier than others but even the ones which are a little more difficult have simplied projects are varied , modern without being harsh , and pretty without being you ever noticed in how to books that there are often irritating ommissions , as if the writer wanted you to how clever they are but are not prepared to share all of their knowledge with you . this book is not one of them ! janet haigh , who is obviiously an expert needlewoman , tells it all . i love this book .
2			descriptions	detailed	sword	japanese	material	great	nihon	classical	generation	new			the new generation of japanese swordsmiths . an excellant companion book to any study of mondern nihon to and classical nihon to . detailed descriptions of swords , and great biographical material on the smiths . the son of yoshihara yohindo , who wrote the craft of the japanese sword , is among those interviewed . he has become a respected & licensed smith since his father's book was published in 1985 i own this book . one of the 1 t bought when i started my studies of nihon to .
2			product	great	price	best			exactly what i ordered . exactly what i ordered and the best price that i have seen . this is a great product , perfect for the pool or shower .
1			mixer	good	music	little	quality	poor	cassette	particular	speaker	professional	imagery	helpful			a little background music , please . the goal of this cassette is to assist pregnancy and childbirth with relaxation techniques and guided mental imagery . relaxing it is not . the sound quality is poor , doing nothing to diminish the pops , hisses , and breathing inherent in recording the human voice . there is no background music to help with this either . i found both the pitch and inflection of the speaker's voice to be extremely unnerving and annoying . several times , the speaker becomes very loud and screechy , ruining any hope of relaxation and jolting the listener into a heightened state of tension . this is not the recommended way to end a self hypnotic a professional speaker , a good sound mixer , and a little music , i think the guided imagery would be very helpful and i intend to use it in conjunction with other tapes i will be listening to . however , i can not see myself packing this particular cassette off to labor and delivery .
2			scent	authentic	drakkar	awesome	drakkar	authentic			fake product . the authentic drakkar noir scent is awesome . i have worn it for years . as one of the reviewers reports , it is like catnip fo the ladies . i recently purchased a bottle of the drakkar noir from unfortunately , i recieved a cheap knockoff not even close to the authentic drakkar noir scent . then i discovered that return policy does not allow a return for flamable goods . i have asked for a refund but we will see . probably a totally wasted $ 50 because i aint gonna wear that trash .
2			pens	great			great pens ! i personally love sakura pens ! this set has a wonderful selection of colors . they need time to dry or they will smear . it's like a fine tip paint pen .
2			sit	old	movie	great	favorite	unbelievable	grandchildren	little	one	good			an unbelievable favorite . we have 8 little grandchildren ages 1 -8 , 6 of them boys . when you have a 2 year request rusty movie several times a day , you know it is a good one . how often do you see a 2 year old sit for more than 5 minutes ? he never gets up until the movie is over . i have since ordered one for another grandson who just turned two . all the kids will actually watch it . we live on a farm so they can relate to many of the things . great movie ! wish there were more like it .
1			i	disappointed	level	normal	you	new	asprin	complete	book	poor			very poor . i waited a very long time for this book and was totally disappointed after reading it . i waited page after page for the asprin magic to kick in but it never did . readers if you are new to robert asprin then buy phules company and then phules paradise but don not bother with this one unless you want the complete asprin what happened ? why was this book so poor compared to the other two ? you took long enough to publish it , surely you could tell it wasn not up to your normal level of entertainment ?
2			songs	great			fun cd . i looked for this cd for a long time if you would like to hear some great songs set to a 1930 style beat this is will love it . get while you can .
1			ms	bad	i	surprised	it	fun	book	worst	pages	bad			corporate cash cow . this is definitely the worst book in the harry potter series . it seemed to me that this book was not written with a passion that the othe were . it was written with the publisher pushing for a release date to sell copies . i was surprised at how little happened in this 850 page book . harry goes to school and he is harrased by students , malfoy , the head mistress , and he has bad drea ms it is not until about the last 100 pages that anything really happens that adds to the story is too bad that this series has come to this . i would rather wait for a book that has been truly written with some sense of passion rather that receive the publisher's cash cow on a schedule . i think i am done with the harry potter series . it was fun while it lasted .
2			genius	musical	c	great			adolescents live . great c . d . some might say that these teenagers were musical genius's but i think that this album really shows you what punk was really about in the early 80 s . raw uncut and most of all very powerful . good buy for punks in the making .
2			instruction	clear	reference	great	help	easy	patterns	easy	instruction	basic			easy to follow , clear basic instruction . used this book to learn how to knit . its very easy to understand and the step by step pictures really help illustrate the instructions . still refer to the book repeatedly as a great reference to more complicated stitches and book has very easy patterns to get you started on your knitting . so far have followed the patterns for wrist warmers , and mittens . both were easy to follow and a delight to give as gifts .
2			sound	great	design	nice	quality	poor	design	great	sound	good	mine	defective	design	good	earbud	original			nice design but very poor sound quality . after reading all of the reviews , i thought this product would be a sure thing . a lot of the reviewers said that the buds had great sound well either mine are completely defective , or they think that all treble and no bass is good sound . while the design of these buds is great , not only do they sound like crap , but when the cord moves i run with these on you can actually hear it infering with the sound . it's madddening . i had purchased another griffin product that went over the original earbud to fit my ears . i am going back to them because even though they fall out , they are better than these earbuds that kill the you want good design and don not care that your songs sound like they are playing out of a 1974 lobby speaker , get these . if not , look for something else .
1			condition	good	isn	great no	it	sturdy	it	beautiful	printer	small			cracks after a while . the product arrived in good condition . it's beautiful and sturdy enough for the money i paid under $ 30 shipped . however , after a couple of years use i put a small laser printer on top , so it's my printer stand , plus some video tapes and cds inside the closed cabinet i start to see cracked lines along the top and side of it . i think the material isn not great . it's unsightly after a while .
2			it	great			i have seen it and it's great . . why are people blasting this movie without having ever seen it ? i thought these reviews were for people to voice their opinions after seeing the movie ? i have seen the movie and i can tell you that if you are a fan of the earlier movies you will not be dissapointed . there is plenty of action , and arnold is in top form . this movie also sets up a possible t -4 reviwers be damned , this is a worthy sequel to the other terminator movie .
2			me	close	movie	bad no			too short . it's not a bad movie , but it didn not even bring me close to even make me sniffle . at barely two hours , it tries to cover too much . everyone raves about how much more character depth deep impact had than armegeddon . at least armageddon gave you a chance to get to know the characters before they got smashed to jelly or blown up . at the end of the movie i was more enthralled by the tidal wave than the people screaming . instead of going , run ! run ! i was like , wow ! look at the size of that sucker ! maybe it will wipe out the 106 h congress ! physics and realism aside , armageddon wins this contest easily .
2			start	good	approach	broad	book	great			good start for com developes . this great book gave me a very deep and broad approach to com development using vc 5.0 i can recommend this book to anyone who wants to know the com / activex concept from the foundations .
1			i	disappointed	quality	vocal	production	poor			magic flute in english a dud . although amazon performed its job efficiently as usual , i was very disappointed with the cd . i bought it because it was in english i don not speak german and i expected a quality product from the met . however , i was disappointed in the quality of the production the costuming , the sets , the vocal quality of the performers , etc one example the first setting is in a forest but the set was chrome and glass and shadows of leaves on the wall , and that just didn not seem right . all things considered , the german version recorded off public television years ago in videotape format is a much better production . english subtitles are not optimal , but better than a poor production in english .
2			hair	great	body	smooth	pair	soft	i	happy	one	tight	it	easy			cute ! this is my 3 d my scene doll , and i m very happy with her ! she has 3 very cute tees , and a very soft , and fluffy pair of pants ! a face looks like shes looking at something at the left , and she have such great quality hair , it's such a delight to brush it with a comb ! not included she comes with a dog , and 3 tees , and some cardboard magazines . one tee has a butterfly in the center . this will be the one barbie is wearing when she comes ! the other says i 3 river , and the other one is sort of tight , and it has alot of scribles in it . her body is very smooth , making it easy to dress , and i love her rockin shoes ! hope this helpes ! barbie fan
1			people	realistic no	it	wonderful	harris	wonderful	people	best	acting	poor			if you liked the not see this . what an unmitigated piece of garbage . richard harris is always wonderful but he's the only redeeming feature of this perverse twisting of dumas classic . see the grard depardieu mini series instead . if you can ignore the fact that he doesn not look starved in the chateau d if , it's wonderful . except for harris the acting is poor . the people are unrealistic and are , at best , caricatures of dumas creations . the writer has committed a crime .
2			writers	great	office	high	job	credible			missed calling . revisionist history notwithstanding , cameron has , from the safety and comfort of high office , done a predictable and credible job of coloring himself the same shade of yellow as his contemporaries , most routinely referred to these days as journalists . to quote a better man , cameron has shown himself to be , one of the great fiction writers of our time .
2			skates	great	skates	comfortable	speed	nice	skates	attractive			great skates . my skates are comfortable , have nice speed , and physically attractive . only thing i don not like is the white wheels , they get dirty too quick
1			writer	poor	conquests	sexual	prosek	brilliant			what a disappointment ! james prosek is as brilliant an artist as he is a poor writer . his style is regrettably imitative , paying obvious homage to both thomas mcguane and ernest hemingway without measuring up as even a respectable forgery . i really anticipated a flyfishing book ; not a boastful manuscript of sexual conquests . the fishing community wants john gierach , not danielle steel . if you want to buy something by mr prosek , make it the watercolor books of artistry and history . they are top notch .
2			order	grand	me	wrong	session	good	moments	great	seller	best	experimentation	great	cd	best			great project experimentation . oysterhead's the grand pecking order is a structured jam sessions between three very talented musicians . this could have been on of the best rock cd of the year but in order to qualify it needed more focus on songwritting . do not get me wrong , i do not think this was the intention of claypool , copeland and anastasio as this bad does not look like a permanent set up . instead its an experiment on how far each player can strech its abilities with the others . there are some great moments in the recording and if given the right timing and production and the desire of each member to continue and expand oysterhead these musicians could produce a best seller . i recomend this recording to anybody who loves a good jam session or if you are a fan on any of these musicians as it will not dissapoint you .
1			series	huge	step	small	craze	new	i	sorry	quality	poor	reality	stupid			a step up from reality t . v . a very , very small step that is . i m sorry but this is just one huge commercialized series . the acting an writing are hideous , along with the fact that it is a dumbed down version of a much more brilliant show twin peaks . when you have two cast members of the show , in character , advertising sprite plus , you know this is a desperate grab at money . the quality is very poor , but it seems as if the audience doesn not care . after all they have been lowered over the past 4 years with the reality craze . the new craze ? stupid non reality . do your self a favor and pick up seasons one and two of arrested development , funniest show in the history of television with brilliant writing / acting / plot . you will die lauging me and my friends do all the time .
2			shape	new	present	great			review . this is in wonderful shape and is going to make a great present , no damage and the box is in brand new shape .
1			fxs	bad			really bad ! was hoping for a battlestar gallactica or firefly ! this is very dated and the fxs are bad . read other reviews and obviously their taste leaves much to be desired .
2			read	great	folks	old	details	specific	it	great	idea	great	resource	fabulous	spectrum	broad			my marriage won not be the same since i read this book ! this really is a fabulous resource for couples . my husband and i have been married nearly 20 years and we both learned and laughed a lot while reading this book . it is clearly a great read for newly weds and old folks like us ! the well thought out range of topics , very specific details and the broad spectrum of opinions is what makes it so great . it is the opposite of boring or lecture like because of the fun way it is written and layed out . we already bought it for two friends of ours and as a gift for a newly marriage couple . much cheaper than marriage counseling ! and a great gift idea ! i also recommend the other books in this hundreds of heads series , on dating and babyhood . can not wait for more !
2			seems	great	keyfits	wonderful	seat	new	straps	little	strap	little			keyfit 30 no snaps , no gos . keyfit 30 don not fit on this stroller . that's too bad because the stroller seems great otherwise , and the keyfits are wonderful . there's a youtube video from 2009 showing them fit the stroller . but they don not fit for me in 2011 with all new car seat fits individually . but when i try them at the same time , one of them is pushed out of place . if the seat doesn not sit securely , the little webbing strap is being asked to do more than it was designed , the snap in snap n go is for when the stroller frame is extended . it clicks snaps when the bar locks in place . there's no snapping in of keyfits at all . they just rest on cross bars , and little webbing straps are supposed to hold car seats and babies on the stroller . yikes ! next stop chicco together .
2			view	great			murdoch . a great revisionist view of history , although it is so obvious , you know they know that it is mere fancy . an excellent juxtaposition of faith and science .
1			script	bad	acting	bad	gore	good	effects	good			something is missing . . . was it the bad acting , or a bad script . i think i was both . the cgi andthe sets were good , the gore was pretty good and detailed , but to see theman thing , and other effects , you had to sit through this movie thattried to put you to sleep . good for a viewing .
1			lover	legendary	book	worst	language	bad	waste	total			legendary lover . this is the worst book i ever bought . a total waste of my money . i do not think this book deserves even one only reason i even call this piece of writing a book is the fact that it is bound and sold as one . there is no story here . it is boring , crude porn interspersed with bad language .
2			tape	clear	size	great	order	basic	needs	black			half inch size is great for 2 line labels . i don not recall why we ordered via amazon , but we did this time . basic order , nothing fancy . we own a brother p touch label maker and like to have one 1 2 inch black on clear tape for 2 line label needs and one 1 4 inch black on clear tape and one black on white tape either size on hand at all times . my wife and daughter use the label maker far more than i do .
1			man	dangerous	target	final	girl	little	element	interesting	girl	poor			poorly crafted . final target is , at best , a dismal achievement . the conversation is trite and full of long passages of information that the reader needs to know but the characters would never discuss or should have done so long ago . the plot takes many inconceivable turns , from the president putting a dangerous man so close to his beloved daughter , to the flight , to the twist where the lead character changes . the psychic element could have been interesting but it was portrayed badly , and i simply cannot believe that the three people in the world who have this talent would magically all appear in the same place at the same time . like , huh ? and as for the poor little girl . i wanted her to get better , that was why i kept reading the story . but i never got to know her , never got to picture her face lying on the pillow , never got to touch her . supposedly the book was full of her , but somehow i missed her .
2			cartridge	black	printer	old	cartridge	small	prints	due	cartridge	new	it	bad no			two weeks old and uses too much ink . had to replace the black cartridge after a week and a half of light usage . new black cartridge is small and cost $ 25 fortunately the old printer is still in the garage and can be brought back . this one is going in the trash when the replacement cartridge runs out . printer is quiet and prints with good of the printer was low due to rebate so it was not too bad to try comething new even if ink cost is not satisfactory . however , it seems that manufacturers should disclose ink usage rate and capacity before the purchase .
2			it	great			president's day . bought this for my kindergarteners to go along with presidents day activities . it was great ! information and got the job done .
2			someone	aware no	film	great	job	fantastic			stupefying . i have been waiting for this dvd for 's my absolute favorite version of metropolis . moroder did a fantastic job with the color tinting and music . i think even fritz lang would someone who was not aware of this great film saw only the moroder version , they would think it is the coolest , hippest film ever ! now if they would come out with cobra woman and other maria montez movies . .
2			deal	great			great deal and fits perfect . i order this wetsuit and it came in 2 days ! i m 5 5 , 133 lbs , 34 bust and i wear size 4 in clothes and 6 in a dress . i ordered a size 8 and it fits perfect ! other reviews said it ran small , so i ordered a size up . i haven not used it yet , but i don not see a problem . great deal for the money . hope my review helps others .
1			emotionless	big	something	stupid	piece	total	pieces	worst			a total piece of you know what . this is definitely one of the worst pieces of rubbish i have ever seen . robin williams and edward norton are excellent actors , so why they decided to participate in creating something so dull , plotless , stupid , and inane is beyond me . i desperately tried to figure out the plot to this , but i realized i couldn not because a plot simply does not exi st this movie is trying to come across as a quirky , off the wall comedy , but it's one big emotionless yawn . no laughs , no tears , no interest , no smiles , no frowns . i sat with a blank expression on my face the entire my advice do not , by any means , buy this movie . it is honestly one of the worst pieces of film ever created .
1			errors	bad	it	difficult	way	good			egregious errors . i agree with the earlier reviewer that having a stepped course is a good way into a programming language but the egregious coding errors in the examples were bad . i went through this with my son who is a learner , and he found it difficult to believe that the coding errors were not text parts of the book were also sprinkled with inconsistencies and bizarre jumps . a lot of the commentary is pretentious and patronizing . it would appear that the book did not have an editor at all .
2			speaker	main	idea	great	speaker	native	it	difficult	budget	low	i	generous	instructor	main			i was spoiled by pimsleur . after finishing pimsleur spanish i and spanish ii the gold standard for language learning , i thought i would take a break and build more verb vocabulary before begining pimsleur iii . i am being generous with two stars . the main instructor on the tape is also the main spanish speaker and is a non native speaker with rapid , pressured speech and everything is said dramatically . the male native speaker i swear is a hispanic bella lagosi , his voice has so much bass it is difficult to understand . these tapes are definiteley low budget . master all the tenses and speake fluently all in four tapes ! i should have known better . i am now on pimsleur iii . i think marcel danesi needs to listen to them and see how it is done . the idea of verb vocab building is a great idea but this isn not it .
2			oldies	good	oldies	italian	cd	great			just what i expected ! this is a great cd with some good oldies . bought it for a couple of the included titles but liked all others . worth buying if you like italian flavored oldies .
2			fights	great	i	surprised	dvd	unwatchable	video	unwatchable	wobble	nasty			this video is unwatchable ! save your money mma fans , despite some great fights this dvd is unwatchable ! it did not convert well from the european pal to us format ntsc . the result is about 4 frame per second and a nasty wobble . after about a minute my eyes hurt and after 5 i had a headache and shut it off . i am surprised elitexc would release something of this quality .
2			job	outstanding	album	great	lyrics	wonderful	outlook	different			breathtaking . stevie has done an outstanding job on this album . i love the song sable on blonde . i love all the songs . her lyrics are so wonderful , they really give you a different outlook on life . many of us go through addiction , obsession , depression . she has a way of showing you the light at the end of the tunnel . thank you for helping me through so many bad times , and for giving me so many good times . great album .
2			things	great	bit	slow	part	best	mansion	old			twist like a sixth sense , keep you guessing . how can i say great things about the movie without giving it away . best part of the movie is not knowing . movie filmed mostly in dark , gothic style , light . there is no rainbows , bright sun light in the movie . it takes place in an old mansion . kidman and her two kids lives in this mansion . we find out that her husband went to war and did not comeback yet . movie starts a bit slow , almost like a bbc tv series . after first 20 mins , you begin to ask questions and figure out what is really going on . this feeling will last almost until ; ast 10 mins of the movie . if you liked sixth sense , you will really enjoy this movie .
2			investment	valuable	grip	awesome			excellent product . worth every penny . the grip , the feel , the size , the pressure sensitive level is awesome ! i was using a graphire 3 and made the switch to the intuos 3 and it's a world of difference . this tablet is no joke . you are able to have better control and do as you need . whether it's photos , drawing , modeling , illustrating , etc etc the price is steep but it's a valuable investment !
2			movie	great	plot	great	cast	great			night of the demons 3 . great movie . the dvd case was undamaged and the disc was not scratched . i enjoyed the movie , the plot was great and a great cast of characters .
2			way	good	folks	nice	one	new	deal	great			nice folks . fast and easy in a good way of course . bought a new one for what others were selling used . great deal . d
1			job	poor	theme	new	reviewer	previous	plot	new	they	realistic no			stale new age plot with poorly developed characters . i agree with previous reviewer that the author does little to develop the characters , they are totally unrealistic and impossible to identify with . the author does a poor job with the subject matter . his foorays into mathematics are totally inaccurate . i got a chuckle out of his proof that infinity is greater than infinity . the new age kaballa theme is pretty stale and this book doesn not do a thing to freshen it up any . i really struggled to read the whole thing hoping it would get better . i purchased this book based on a recommendation from blue magazine . i guess they liked it because it involved travel and some sports , i can not see any other reason .
2			album	great	ms	best	follow	great			great album . where do i start ? this has to be one of the year's best albu ms a great follow up . i really like fix you , swallowed in the sea , and x&y ; to me these are the better songs on the album , but there isn not anything on it i don not like . i highly recommend this album to any music fan .
2			version	wrong	it	great	version	great			audio cd . i listen it , and it's not read by a computer . jason maccoy narrator it's not a computer . maybe you received a wrong version , but my version it's great . thanks !
1			item	poor	item	big			if you need a tablet pc this won not do the job ! don not kid yourself ! what you really want is the hp tx 1440 tablet pc . and yes it's going to cost you 100 more . the big no deal item for the tx 1210 was poor character recognition software . pressing down on the screen and changing the pen to medium tip did not help . if you really need a tablet pc and you think you are saving money by getting the tx 1210 you are probably in for a dispointment .
1			ff	worst	game	best			definitely the worst ff on the playstation platform . u see all these overly exaggerated reviews , i went thru 6 copies of this game ! the best game ever . well , its rather boring . try ff 8 -10 instead .
2			things	good	it	fantastic	inspiration	complete			an absolute must read ! i can not say enough good things about this book . it is beautifully written and a complete inspiration . i feel fortunate to have the guidance presented in this book . it is fantastic .
2			buy	good	con	main	headset	great			great for the price . this headset is great for the price but you do get what you pay for . it fits comfortably around my head and when i m using my house phone the people i m on the phone with hear me perfectly . the main con i have for this headset is the when the wiring that connects the headset to the phone gets moved around or tangled the connection begins to static until you move it around until it clears up . for me it tends to happen relatively frequently since i walk around when i am on the phone so it does get a bit annoying , even when i am just sitting around as well . other than that its a good buy .
1			i	bad	power	worst	swayout	worst			worst dewalt product ever ! by far , this is the worst power tool dewalt makes . it can not cut straight . it has the worst swayout in the industry . my advice buy the bosch . i tried to get a refund from amazon , but i had waited too long . dewalt didn not care that i was bad mouthing their product . so are the trade magazine reviews dewalt needs to stop selling this product . i can not even sell it to my coworkers for $ 20 anyone want to buy mine ?
2			bulldog	little	product	great	quality	best			worth it ! the quality of this is soooo worth it . it has remained snug , the thread is not stretching out , even after being washed several times . the little logo bulldog has not come off . its a great product , and one of the best quality beanies i have ever purchased .
2			gadget	great			cool gadget . good for media center . for the gadget crazy to impress your friends ? hold down the function key and watch as hidden amber symbols for multimedia appear over the function keys . slide your finger up and down the touch sensitive volume bar and watch the amber lights follow your finger oh , and the volume gets adjusted too ! give a light press to the touchpad , and see an amber ring appear around it . i would say this is a cooler alternative to other media center keyboards , even though it's not really billed as such . but place the keyboard in its charger base on a living room end table , alongside your mce remote , and be the cool tech junkie that you don not expect it to replace the keyboard and mouse on the computer you use to do productive stuff . i still give it 5 stars because it is a great gadget . it is what it is .
2			feel	amazing	workout	great			simply the best . i love this dvd ! what a great workout ! i feel amazing afterwards . you do work up a sweat , so be prepared .
2			subscription	great	magazine	great			great magazine for kids . a great magazine subscription for kids . my daughter grew out of it at about age 12 but i highly recommend this .
2			language	real	opinions	real	book	great			great book . best guide book . written in real language . i didn not agree with everything , but these are real honest opinions , not bogus tourist plugs .
2			children	short	series	little	audio	great	moongobble	next	fireball	willing	surprise	big			great audio for kids ! moongobble has been assigned his second task to prove he should be a magician he must get a bottle of tears from the dreaded weeping werewolf who lives alone in the fore st fortunately , edward , urk the toad , the rusty knight , and fireball the dragon are willing to help . when they find the weeping werewolf , everyone is in for a big surprise ! this charming little series of short children's novels , beautifully narrated and enhanced with cute sound effects by full cast audio is the perfect way to spend an hour with a child on a sunday afternoon . my daughters and i have enjoyed them weeping werewolf has some repetitive parts which remind children about the characters and the events so far , but the story moves quickly and comes to a sweet ending that will bring tears to your are looking forward to the next moongobble and me installment the evil elves .
2			rock	great			one of the best . i disagree with most of the people who say that crimes of passion is better than in the heat . i don not think so . the first album by benatar , altough containing mostly covers , is very good and fresh , audacious and with great melodic rock .
2			show	great	i	disappointed			love this series . i bought this for my husband , he loves this show . we discovered it on bbc america and he fell in love with it . i was a little disappointed that there were only 8 episodes i believe on the first season and 13 i believe on the second season , but he has watched both seasons several times and he laughs hysterically every time . once they start falling in price i will purchase other seasons . if you loved the cosby's or roseanne this is somewhere in the middle . great show .
2			trouble	big	duets	great	god	big			if this is definitive , tammy's legacy's in big trouble ! other than a few wynette genuine classics , and a couple great duets with the peerless mr george jones , this collection is the furthest thing from definitive i have ever hea rd a version of every breath you take with sting ? this sounds as if tammy recorded her vocal in nashville and sting recorded his vocal at his studio in italy which was probably the case . i couldn not believe my ears . absolutely horrible . and the hip hop track that ends the disc ? please . this is the most godawful thing imaginable . if tammy was selling out to the big green god this badly in her later days , it's no wonder she's no longer with us . don not waste your money on this monumental piece of drek like i did ! i think i will back over it with the car .
2			features	new	comments	negative	job	great	ipod	new			needed an upgrade . i recently purchased another apple ipod 80 gig model due to the fact that i was using up the memory up on my 30 gig ipod quick . plus the headphone jack was loosening up as well sound coming out of one side . i ve owned it for 3 it came time for an upgrade , i read some reviews in amazon and didn not know what the negative comments were all about . my new 80 gig ipod works just fine and does what is expected . nothing more , nothing less . plus is has new features that leave my 5 h generation ipod in the du st great job again apple .
2			read	great	sense	incredible	castle	mysterious			king at his be st compeling , gripping & leaves you gasping . in his usual blend of crossing whens and wheres , king reenters the worlds of the dark tower and the lives of roland and his ka tet . after a satisfying resolution of the cliffhanger with blaine the mono , roland et al resume their quest for the dark tower . around a campfire , with a mysterious castle looming ahead , roland spins a story of his first love and it is this tale which forms the lions share of the novel . with humor , his fine understanding of the pain of adolescence , and his incredible sense of story , king compells us to read on and uncover one layer of the complex persona which is is a great read . you are left in the exact right place wanting more eager for more demanding more . dear sk please hurry !
2			anthem	great	collection	worth	anthem	spiritual	version	best			the best ever . this collection would be worth owning even if it contained only my sweet lo rd this version is the best ever of harrison's great spiritual anthem . that the album also has excellent covers of all the other songs included makes it a must not only for reggae lovers , but for everyone who appreciates serious groove and soul .
2			director	great	extras	great	ms	great	ms	french	characters	memorable			one of the be st les enfants du paradis is one of the truly great early french fil ms it is complex and sprawling in terms of plot with memorable characters who really hold up after 70 years . it was a treat for my film class to see what a great director could do in black and white . the criterion collection is , as usual , full of great extras .
2			memory	great			excellent ! i bought this chip to expand the memory of my iriver x 20 pvp player . the iriver noticed the chip immediately . i then downloaded an interview video that i completed , and it plays perfectly . the price could also not be beat . it cost about one quarter of what other retailers wanted for it . great memory !
2			thriller	fantastic	adventure	good	thriller	good			girl with dragon tattoo . i thought this movie would be sci fi . it is not at all what you expect . the adventure is quite good , the suspense is not overdone . i rented it twice and noticed things in the second showing i missed in the fir st it's a good thriller , but you leave wanting more because you never quite figure out why she has tattoo's and where her story is going . fantastic thriller !
2			practice	sexual	stimulants	great	liberation	sexual	feel	proud	idea	good	stories	short			makes you feel proud to love s / m . an excellent guide on s / m for beginners , as well as a sincere effort against all the misunderstandings around this sexual practice . like any decent literature on s / m , califia emphasizes the importance of consensuality and safety . what distinguishes this from other how to s / m books is the sometimes firy tone of califia , a veteran warrior of sexual liberation , and 10 short short stories on s / m , which gives the readers a good idea of what fun life with s / m can be , as well as great stimulants that make you reach for your vibrator
2			game	great	flaw	enormous	it	annoying			great game despite one enormous flaw . i won not go into a long , in dept review of this game as many others already have . it's a great game , very similar to the past gtas , which have all been one gigantic flaw with this game , however , is the driving . i almost gave it 3 stars because of it . this whole game is built around jacking cars and whatnot , so how could they have overlooked this so much ? the handling , needless to say , stinks . even sports cars can not take a turn to save their life . it's honestly just annoying , and i essentially relied on cabs for most of the game because of it .
1			plot	ridiculous	quality	bad			turn on the radio . i don not ususally trash an audiobook but this one left me wanting to listen to fingernails on a blackboard instead . the reader does not do hillbilly accents well , the plot was ridiculous and the quality was bad i had to continually change the volume . please stop . this one hurt .
2			organizer	great	thing	negative			great spacesaving organizer . i got two of these to hold my scrapbooking paper . i did have them in plastic bins but needed to save space and these work perfectly . i don not know how much paper is in each one , but they are stuffed full i m sure more than what is recommended and they still close easily . since i can stand them up , they don not take nearly as much space and the bins . the only somewhat negative thing i would say is the plastic is really thin , especially the dividers , so i wondered as i was filling them how long it would la st but , i really like these !
2			it	hate	peace	great	minimalism	effective			either you will love it or hate it . godkiller definitely isn not targeting any mainstream audience . what it does do , however , is create a vivid post apocalyptic world with an animation style of its own . i happen to love effective minimalism and godkillers does that extraordinarily well . the story itself is so gritty and the sound design and acting are so well done that you quickly get over that fact that this is more of an futuristic slideshow than a full on animated film . this is a great peace of work with a vivid illustration style that will keep your attention . the sex and violence aren not for the faint of heart or anyone under 18 but it's definitely worth the watch .
2			york	new	film	great			nobody quite like pookie adams . great film , still wonderful and touching after all these years . liza minelli shines as the quirky eccentric in this coming of age drama set in upstate new york . a classic which is finally on dvd .
2			they	wonderful	drawings	great	section	best	vehicles	different	book	great			this book was great ! this book was so great becase of the great drawings of all the different vehicles that were in episode i , they were so wonderful . the best cross section was the sith infiltrator , i could really use one of those !
1			experience	entire	pedestrian	best	team	creative	visit	short	fans	big	piece	good	evening	good	writing	poor	we	thrilled			what a shame ! big fans of gregory maguire's book , we were thrilled to score tickets to see wicked on broadway during a short visit to nyc . what a waste of a good evening ! a dark and thought provoking novel about the cost of being different has been turned into an upbeat , feel good piece of cotton candy . despite terrific efforts by the cast which you hear on the album , as well as the lighting , set and costume designers , the poor writing shows score is at best pedestrian and the lyrics are banal . but really , all was lost once the creative team decided to change such minor plot points as having the wicked witch die instead , she runs off into the sunset with the scarecrow . . we found the entire experience painful in the extreme .
2			show	great	features	special	features	best no			very disapointing . for such a great show , i would have expected better treatment of the starters there are no bonus features . so why would i pay , when i can watch them for free on tv ? i m no asking alot . the features put on season 1 on dvd were not the best , but they were atleast something to there are music change on a quite a few episodes . alot of people complain about this . while i do not like it , it is forgivable . i don not think i will be buying this , unless it's either re release with some special features . or i wind up buying the rest fo the sets , and don not want to leave this one out .
2			metal	hard	they	popular no	addition	great	album	great			a must for any fan of rock and roll . this is simply a great rock and roll album . i have just discovered tesla and can not believe they were not more popular . they are music is more mature than most others in the genre , yet still retains a hard metal sound . they are ballads are heart wrenching without being sappy . wonderful world is an excellent example . buy this only seven bucks or so not sure why and makes a great addition to any rock and roll collection .
2			trap	big	chair	particular	positions	different	intentions	greatest	chair	high	concept	great	complaint	huge			food gets lost in chair . we originally picked this chair because it could be reclined to different positions and it takes up less space than a high chair . the concept is great , but a huge complaint is that the safety strap is coming from the bottom of the seat and not the back of the seat and food gets stuck in the seat . the only way to get it out is to pick it up and shake it like crazy . or , stick a napkin in each hole one on each side . that's what i did and it works well , it just stinks that we bought this chair with the greatest intentions and it's one big food trap ! i still recommend this type chair over a high chair when you are trying to save space and money , but just look for one with straps coming from the back of the chair versus the bottom . i don not recommend this particular chair for every day use at all .
2			drums	boring	stars	stars no	album	great	metal	real	rock	hard			i wish they all would have died in that bus accident if this is what they were to become . can i give this zero stars ? oh my , so many reviews . i must throw in my 2 cents . james vocals are horrid . the drums are boring as all hell . there is no aggression on this album ; no feeling . i understand the need to evolve , but this is a radical change and it barely resembles the metallica some of us grew up with . i see reviews hailing this as a great hard rock album and therein lies the problem . this is barely a metal cd ; the only reason it was , or is considered metal is because it was released by metallica and because mtv tells you that its metal . maybe they should have changed their name to acoustica or selloutaca . i never liked this album . i despised it when it was released and i despise it to this day . i refuse to support this band in any way . as for me , i will go listen to some real metal .
1			picture	poor	picture	clear	life	ridiculous	quality	poor	design	good	camera	easy			less than stellar picture quality . bought this camera for a beginner camera for my fiance . she used it for about a year until we replaced it with a sony dsc w 7 no comparison at all . while the camera was fairly easy to use and has a good design , the picture was generally poor with a grey tint to most photos . the flash was inadequite as well . previous to this , she used an hp 635 2 p camera that didnt have the grey tint to it , could not take a clear picture to save its life . i have pretty much since given up on hp cameras mainly due to poor picture quality . not too mention the ridiculous battery life .
2			job	real	place	great	issues	emotional	book	best	book	good			for most people , really not worth your time . this is probably a good book for someone who has never held a real job , has no career prospects , and has serious self esteem / emotional issues . the primary emphasis seems to be a dr phil sort of approach , a hand holding you can do this guide for people who don not have the foggiest idea what they want out of goal in reading this was to get ideas for a side business . there was a two page exercise on setting your goal , and other than that , i got nothing out of the book that i didn not already know . if you are somewhat intelligent , industrious , and your mommy and daddy didn not tell you that you would never amount to anything , then i would recommend skipping this book . the millionaire next door is still the best book of this genre that i have ever read and is a great place to start .
2			help	big	glossary	great	begginers	good	wizards	famous	book	great			great book ! this a a good begginers only guide covering many topics in the field of witchcraft . tells about famous wizards and secret societies and helps you on your way to mastery of the art . a great glossary at the end is a big help . i recommend it .
2			skates	great			great skates . after searching every store in a 6 town radius , we found them on kids love them .
2			meaning	new	adult	young	eyes	inspiring	book	helpful	book	great			a great catholic book ! as a life long catholic , i didn not think i had a need to read this book . it was given to my husband as he went through rcia . i started to read it and couldn not put it down ! seeing our church through a converts eyes has been inspiring . i use to go through the motions as a young adult but now my faith has new meaning . this book was very helpful in renewing my passion for god and his church
2			style	great	snobs	classical			hilarious . skewers classical music snobs . author is a trained musician so knows his stuff and has a great writing style . a light hearted addition to any library .
1			it	good	name	bad			ooooooh dear . if i was to be kind , i would say it's trying to be a homage to barbarella . i lost two hours of my life watching the first few episodes . i didn not continue . does anyone know if it gets better ? being a firefly fan , i thought it would be good if zoe was in it . not so . it's the kind of series that gives science fiction a bad name .
1			gem	classic	critics	bad	versions	old	booklet	new	reissue	new	behaviour	typical	thing	worst	reissue	horrible	mix	bad			shocked . well , i must confess i knew in advance , by reading im some rock magazines , that daisley and kerslake had been replaced . anyway , i went for it , mainly due to the bonus track you looking at me looking a you and also by te booklet with lyrics my old cd versions of blizzard and diary does not contain the lyrics . then slowly , the absurd of it all sunk into me . this is a classic gem , something to be respected . anyway , i listened to i did not expect was that the mix was so bad . the re recorded parts are plain for all to see , things just don not mix ! so , what i did ? i kept the new booklet , put the old into this new horrible reissue , and gave it to a friend of mine . that's it , i gave it , i did not have the courage to sell it to worst thing is that , judging by his typical behaviour in that lousy program in mtv , even if someone tells ozzy about the bad critics his attitude has produced , he probably will wave his hands and say well , fu . k them all !
2			condition	great	book	great	price	great			great find ! i love this book and the price was so great , i couldn not turn it down ! except for a few stains on the outside paper cover , it was in great condition . i typically take the covers off hardback books anyway .
2			it	awesome	i	disappointed	graphics	great	title	great	you	golden	game	great			metroid prime . at first , i won not deny i was a little disappointed that metroid was going to the 1 t person shooter format like goldeneye but after i played the game , i quickly changed my mind . metroid prime is easily game of the year ! it's totally awesome ! the graphics and gameplay are great and all together , i had a lot of fun playing this my opinion , now that it's not a scroller and now a shooter , it's a lot more combat and kick butt orientated . seriously , it takes a few minutes to get used to it , but after that initial maybe 3 5 minutes , you are golden and you won not be any case , this is a great game ! you have to pick this one up , whether you are into shooters , adventures or simply a fan of the metroid series . get this game and also , check out resident evil 0 another great title for the gamecube .
2			i	happy	thing	great	rest	adjustable	canvas	comfortable	supports	strong			the most comfortable fold up chair i have sit in . i picked this chair up for a bargain at amazon and have been sitting comfortably ever since . i already have several fold up chairs but was looking for one with a foot rest as well . this chair is extremely well built with comfortable canvas and strong aluminum supports . the canvas is built to fully support your back and the foot rest is completely adjustable , even if you want your feet nearly above your head . the other great thing is that there are cup holders on both sides and a mesh netting pocket in the back . all in all i am extremely happy with this chair .
2			context	historical	elements	historical	guide	great			a great guide in simple terms ! a great , comprehensive guide that helped me to understand why this happened in a historical context . also helped me to get a better grasp of what to expect with the war against afghanistan and al qaeda . now i know why this happened and what to expect . the news media seems to breeze over historical elements in favor of status quo anthrax and millitary events but this book really helped me to get caught up on my facts . highly recommended !
2			depth	great	world	fascinating			an excellant series . so far he has never written a novel in the series i did not like . the world is fascinating and has great depth .
2			access	easy	product	fantastic			carry it every day . sturdy construction , plenty of room to hold my raincoat in the outside zipper pocket for quick / easy access , my laptop in the inner padded zip pocket for safety , and still room for books in the messenger pocket . plus smaller pockets for whatever water bottle , pens / pencils , etc . fantastic product and value .
2			series	good	ending	great	series	great			amazing , a great ending to a great series . a fantastic , all though a little sad , ending to a great series . i can only hope she writes another story with the fool and fitz . i skipped her liveship series but after reading the tawny man series and i regret it . i got the distinct fealing i missed something . so to anyone looking for a good fantasy series , definetly read these .
1			knot	celtic	craftsmanship	poor	looks	terrible	gunk	black	disappointment	major	looks	beautiful			buyers beware ! poor craftsmanship . although this hair stick pin looks beautiful in the photo , it turned out to be a major disappointment . the one i received had some type of hole carved out of the wood , and the silver celtic knot was sloppily glued into place with some type of black gunk . it looks absolutely terrible , and i m going to return it for an exchange . i would give this item a rating of zero out of five stars , but a rating of one star was the lowest option i could other items i received from this company were of excellent quality , however , so i will definitely order from them in the future . i guess you can not win them all !
2			balls	easy	seller	great			colorful but didn not last long . the balls are very colorful with all the country flags and are easy to use , but definitely not for a middle school of rambuncious students . we purchased several balls beginning of april . by may , they were deflated and torn . need to be replaced again . i would repurchase for home use , but not for a school environment . seller was great though . very helpful .
2			service	great	twins	old			ponyo dvd / bluray combo . awesome ! ! my 3 yr old twins boy / girl love the colors and scenery of the movie . the story of love between two people beyond anything physical and without any selfish motives , transcends all age groups and was refreshing to see ! loved it from beginning to end ! service was great too . we didn not expect it as soon as it came but they got it to us in less than a week !
2			watch	good	space	little	clock	good	function	hard	lanyard	short	factor	major no	clock	great	it	hard			a great travel clock , not so much a pocket watch . this is a very good travel clock . it takes up very little space and is highly dependable . the alarm function is a bit hard to use as the hours are divided into 20 minute segments instead of 15 minutes so it's hard to guess the exact time it will go off , however that is minor . i don not carry a watch at all , so the fact that this is too big to be a good pocket watch is not a major factor for me , but it might be for others . the lanyard it comes with is tacky and too short and i have lost mine . as a travel clock this gets 5 stars as a pocket watch i would give it 4 because of the size and lousy lanya rd
2			christianity	biblical	stories	true	happiness	true	use	entertaining	wisdom	great	life	good			brilliant analysis of what the good life really is . colson is a smart man with a deep knowledge of history and philosophy and a fascinating life who shares in a very readable and engaging way what he's learned about finding true happiness , contentment , joy , and fulfillment in life . his use of true stories to illustrate concepts is entertaining , and i found myself highlighting passages every few pages . i m about to reach the end and have already decided to reread it because it's so packed with great wisdom that i want to try to absorb more of it . i highly recommend this book to everyone . it indirectly makes a case for biblical christianity , but at the same time , it provides a very fair and intelligent representation of the secular world view . loved this book !
2			quality	good no	price	great			. these are a great price , however , they are not very good quality . you definately get what you pay for here . keep that in mind . i got 3 pair and one pair was warped and i couldn not even wear . one pair the lens fell out of and i couldn not get it back together , so i have 1 pair that acutally does work , but they run super big !
2			way	great	it	good	it	great	book	amazing			this book was amazing ! ! ! i think everyone should read this book . it would be great if she wrote a sequal . i couldn not put it down , it was that good . and its great the way she ended up with the last person she would ever think of .
2			review	negative	u	new	sound	awesome	i	old	sound	innovative			very cool band . i like what i hear . i have to respectfully disagree with the above negative review . not innovative ? how inaccurate ! they meld some many sounds together that the resulting sound is awesome and very innovative ! i am nearly 40 years old and have been listening to alternative music for nearly 20 years . back when u 2 was new . rkk really strikes a chord with me . they have a really cool sound for starters . they can play really anthem / arena style power songs u 2 , can get jiggy with fun cool pop songs duran duran and have a taste for depression based angst tunes morrisey / smiths . these guys rise to the top of the newcomers list in my opinion . this disc is very listenable and i look forward to future releases . check them won not be disappointed !
1			interesting	creative	themselves	interesting	writers	good	quality	low	writing	poor			interesting story idea , very poor writing . i have now read the first three books in this series based on a friend's recommendation luckily i was able to check them out of the library for free , and while i think the storylines themselves are rather creative and interesting , the author's conversational writing style is of too low quality . blame it on all the good writers i have read over the years , but i could not stand to read any more of this person's writing .
2			days	old	days	good	it	great	goal	happy			love is the message the best of mfsb . it was great going back to the good old days thinking about my childhood and dreaming about the days when my only goal was to be happy .
2			book	perfect	book	bad no	illustrations	outstanding			the kids guide to first aid . this book is perfect for kids and not bad for adults either . it is very clearly written and has outstanding illustrations . the health strategies and tips provided are done in the context of prevention . but things happen , accidents occur , kids get hurt . this book helps you and your children learn / know what to do in these situations . a fun , interesting , read .
2			death	memorable	genre	great	stars	main			an action packed western , with a top notch cast . a town called hell is a great western in the spaghetti western genre . the three main stars telly savalas , robert shaw and martin landau give wonderful performances . my only complaint is the minimal screen time of my favorite actor , telly savalas he does die in a memorable death i must admit . check it out !
2			choreography	usual no	parts	various	addition	great			no triumphal march for this ca st a great addition to anyone's collection of cinema oddities . sophia loren in blackface , cheesey sets and unusual choreography for the ballet sequences put this film right up there with such classics as queen of outer space , with zsa zsa gabor . the plot synopsis spoken in english during various parts of the film is somewhat distracting , as are the cuts in the opera score . if your looking for amusement , this may be the aida for you , but if want a serious production of this opera , you may wish to look elsewhere . there weren not even any elephants in the triumphal march that part of the score was hacked too .
1			movie	bad	chemistry	sexual no	bad	bad	waste	complete	rating	due			a bad , bad movie . why make a sex themed movie without at least some nudity ? i guess the r rating was due to the drug references because there sure wasn not any sexual chemistry between the stars . this movie was a complete waste of time and money .
2			effects	special	benjamin	great			the great raid / benjamin bratt . taking this dvd as a stand alone not in competition with other movies made at the same time it rates five stars because the story is told well , the photography and special effects are well done and the acting is first class .
1			quality	poor			poor quality , sent it back . this shoe rack is shoddy quality . the screws used to secure it together do not ever fully tighten . the rack feels wobbly and like it will fall apart if you were to fully load it with the number of shoes it claims to be able to hold . i returned it immediately didn not trust it to hold shoes overnight .
2			route	similar	plots	great	drama	great	character	likeable	verdict	final	killer	real	cast	great			great courtroom drama as only andy griffith ben can deliver . great stories / plots keep this show going the whole way through . and encouraged purchases of other seasons too . ben is a very likeable character with lots of charm and charisma . this has a great supporting cast who really bring this show follows a similar route for most episodes 1 the crime 2 ben is hired 3 his team have to find the truth before judge's final verdict 4 just in the nick of time ben weaves his skill and reveals the real killer .5 joy and happiness restored . . endif you like this then check out murder she wrote all 12 seasons . its not court room , but great !
2			wheatgrass	great	resource	great	people	real			great wheatgrass book full of information ! this book is loaded with information about wheatgrass , it's pioneers , wheatgrass retreats and more ! best of all , steve meyerowitz talks about how to grow and juice your own wheatgrass . it's a great resource for someone who it looking to learn about the health benefits of wheatgrass and read stories from real people who have used wheatgrass to treat ailments . jared balis .
2			movie	great	ms	proble	copy	old	cubes	little	dvd	horrible			great movie , horrible dvd . when the first second of the first scene shows you little cubes instead of people's heads , the walls , and the torches , you might think the dvd transfer has some proble ms when not even the letters in the credits stay stable , you begin to wonder whether you wouldn not be better off buying an old vhs copy and turning it into a tiny sized divx file . arrrrgh ! which breaks my heart , because this version of the scarlet pimpernel is one of my all time top ten movies . i would be rating this with one star if the movie wasn not five star . too bad i can not actually see it !
2			series	great			catching up . i missed the first 2 episodes of season 2 so i ordered them from now the rest of the season makes so much more sense ! this is a great series . i never saw the first season , but will be ordering that as well !
2			character	main	fun	great	development	good	read	old	tale	delicious	girl	young	hook	real	read	addictive			great fun . a solidly written , nicely plotted , well told series , with engaging characters , an disingenuous heroine and the standard elements of romance , adventure , mystery and excitement . the real hook is the main character , sheila , portrayed as an ordinary girl who gets sucked into an alternate dimension of magic , unicorns , sorcerers and righteous , sword wielding women rebels . what young girl does not find this a delicious tale ? a plain old fun read , addictive and cheesy , but better written than many and with some very good interpersonal development between characters .
2			guys	good	charlotte	good	voice	awesome	stuff	good			gc rocks . well i say everyone should buy this album . i love every song and cant stop playing it . keep up the good work guys . i loved the first album , but this on is way better . i love everything about the album . my fave song is emotionless , it is straight from the heart and joel's voice is awesome in this song . i really cant say enough good stuff about the album and good charlotte . it is a perfect mix of music . even my mom likes it !
2			amount	great	kids	new			heartwarming , meaningful , pleasurable listening . hope the music departments in the stores have enough room for the great amount of space needed for this stay the same hit by joey mcintyre , formerly with the new kids on the block . truly a wonderful return to sensible music , sounds that don not hurt the ears of older citizens as well . number 1 all the way . and soon !
2			weber	worst no	bbq	new	plastic	new	i	happy no	handles	great	weber	best	weber	great			plastic handles . i have been using a weber charcoal grill for 30 years . i have loved them . one of the best thing weber has done was to replace the metal handle with the wood handles . i just bought a weber for my daughter for a wedding present and the new plastic or composite handles , in my point of view are one of if not the worst thing weber has done . the wood handles are great . there is no waring's anywhere that i saw that told you the handles get very hot ! my son in law grabbed the handle on the new bbq i just gave them and he almost dropped the lid and almost burnt his hand . after years of use i am not very happy about this . i just told them how great weber's are then he almost burns himself
2			game	great	bonus	special	game	cool	world	real			this game rocks for kids . this game is sssssoooooooo cool and great for kids of all ages plus it has special bonus's for linking up your gameboy advance to your game cube ! i love playing it ! it's just like the real world only the people are animals ! nott literally !
2			blend	great	rock	hard	boys	local			awesome 80 s style rock ! i love this cd ! a great blend of hard rock , accoustic guitars , and blues ! since there are no samples here , check them out at cdbaby , its definitely worth it ! and these boys are local to me , jersey rock !
1			thing	bad	product	good			i m sorry you asked . i bought 2 of these heaters because i have had one exactly like it for several years that works perfectly . these were ordered as gifts for friends . one works as well as my own , however unfortunatly the other one acted up from the start causing me much embarssment . i have sent it back for credit , and had i not been solicited for feedback i would have not said a thing bad as i believe this is a very good product and that i got the exception not the rule .
2			it	great	im	great			it sounds great ! ! ! it sounds great im just wondering y it did not already have 5 stars ! di u think it would be great 4 my 12 year old ?
1			language	atrocious	language	bad			watch your language ! we were watching this dvd with anther couple and we turned it off before we were half way through . the language in it is atrocious ! why do comedians think they have to use all that bad language to be funny . we could use more comedians like red skelton and bill cosby ! i had jeff's other dvd on order but canceled immediately after watching what i did of this one . sorry , but didn not think the language is called for .
2			it	simple	reviews	numerous	i	happy	price	great	chopper	little	it	easy			super little chopper ! i just rec would this chopper and am very happy with it . it's so simple to use and easy to clean up . couldn not be happier with it , and it's a great price . i shopped around for a food chopper and read numerous online reviews . this one lives up to the hype . you won not be disappointed !
2			item	good	system	great			good item . good item to purchase if you purchase the thule 682 box . it's a great system . they are sturdy bags on their own . very satisfied .
2			product	great	turban	perfect			great product ! i really like the turban perfect after a shower on wet / damp hair . i thought i might not be coordinated enought to wrap it ! but i figured it out quickly and now use it daily . i will probably buy another one soon !
2			music	great			great music . this product is very soothing and relaxing . perfect for listening at dinnertime in a party of any occasion . buy it !
1			it	bad	peice	terrible			ugh ! waste of 3 bucks ! armand assante must have been desperate for money or something when he agreed to star in this film . he's the only actor who can actually act . everyone else in the film just kind of stands there and reads lines . it is soooo bad . don not wase your money ! i can not believe some people actually like this movie ! terrible peice of you know what !
2			fly	high	work	great	line	great	work	good	songs	good			how did i listen to his first album ? when i first got his album , i thought i listen to some several songs that were even good like conquistador , mister mellow , gonna fly now , and the fly were even my 4 favorites on this album . i remember when i got it on cd , i hear that he's doing a great work on gonna fly now and the fly which me made some jazz chops on the trumpet just like i got his second album called m . f . horn 3 . he usually make a great line of trumpet notes to make every high note fly like a piccolo . he even does that kind of trumpet style . i think i enjoy listen to his album he did with good brass work from the trumpets and slow sound from gutiarist george benson in mister mellow .
1			cd	original no	combination	bad	riffs	specific	sell	biggest	cd	entire			just ugh . i must say this band went downhill pretty quickly . after waking the fallen these guys had made quite a name for themselves . but city of evil is by far one of the biggest sell out cds i have seen in quite sometime . almost the entire cd is unoriginal from their older work . this cd sounds like a bad combination of sounding the seventh trumpet and waking the fallen . it's noticable in several tracks as well , especially since specific guitar riffs and drumbeats can be picked out that debuted in older cds . this cd is a mess , unlike their career , which skyrocketed after these guys became popular . another band goes to the wolves .
1			he	real	film	worst			not scary . this is the worst film i have ever seen ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! killjoy wouldn not scare me even if he was real ! ! ! !
1			i	satisfied no	words	old	item	wrong	words	new	buyer	happy no	customers	satisfied	way	poor			unhappy buyer . i had ordered a book from indoobestsellers titled vines expository dictionary of old and new testament words . it took two weeks for me to receive a package from them and when i did it was the wrong item . i notified them of this and there reply was to send back the product at my cost and them they would send the correct product . this is a poor way to do business . they make a mistake and i am the one inconvenienced and it cost me more money . most businesses want to keep customers satisfied , and i am definitely not satisfied .
2			food	old	recipes	new	solution	ultimate	compliment	great			great compliment to the ulimate weight solution . if you have not bought the ultimate weight solution . . you may want to consider reading it and then purchase the cookbook . the ultimate weigt solution helps you get you into the mindset needed to live a healthier lifestyle . the cookbook gives new recipes that keep the array of food choices plentiful . each week we pull out two new recipes which keeps the mealtime full of a few surprises rather than the same old diet food .
1			turn	good	lit	contemporary	ladies	old	ladies	little	lipsyte	old	lipsyte	poor	turn	occasional	it	true			linguistic nonsense . iwent in expecting a fairly interesting book , not necessarily a conventional story nevertheless an interesting read . it was niether . its billed a savage and dark satire . abolute b . s . this is simply boring . it is true he has the occasional good turn of phrase . but let me tell you this ishow it breaks down there is a spectrum of satire in contemporary lit . on the one end you have ellis who in my estimation is far funnier and scathing and on the opposite you have that hack dave barry . well for poor old lipsyte . i would have ot say he was separated at birth from barry . this book is for little old ladies who want to sip theirtea in the gardem thats how dark it is . bruuuuuutal
2			leap	great	claim	false	he	old	boy	old			terrible . a dreadful version of the burnett classic . the boy playing cedric is far too old for the part the only thing that saved ceddie in the book from being cute enough to puke over was the fact that he was only seven years old . this kid comes off as insipid and painfully effeminate . other boys his age would beat the snot out of him the moment they saw him , and rightfully so . i felt like giving him a few whacks addition , it takes away the punch of the earl's redemption this version has him sending cedric out of the house when it looks as though his claim is false albeit regretfully , while in the book and the other two movie versions he has come to value his grandson for who he is , not for the title he holds a great leap considering how little he had valued ceddie's this version . stick with the freddie bartholomew or ricky schroder interpretations , both of which are far superior .
2			letters	funny	i	interested no	book	great			not too impressed . i read only half the book and was very uninterested . the whole frist part is just letters she received that are light hearted but not funny . i am a cancer patient myself i have read funnier , more up lifting books . barbara johnson has a great cancer book that i loved and laughed so many times out loud . i left this book at the cancer center for someone else to hopefully find hope in .
1			it	defective	experience	bad			used item defective . i bought the okidata used and that was a okidata that i bought couldn not be programed . oki support stated it was defective . i was told to send out for repairs . seller wouldn not refund the item eventhough nothing stated on add as is next time i will buy new . my first bad experience on amazon .
2			emotion	real	standards	great	rosemary	legendary	bennett	great			let's fall in love with diana krall . i have been a fan of diana krall ever since i picked up her cd love scenes 3 years ago . what a voice , what a face , what a talent ! it's no wonder her concerts are sellouts , and she is touring with the great tony bennett this summer , as well as making an album with the legendary rosemary clooney . i have all her cds and have seen her in concert 4 times , let me say that this newest cd is her be st johnny mandel has given her some lush orchestrations to work with , and coupled with her smoky voice and real emotion she puts into each song , i don not see how anyone can not love this cd . if you are a jazz fan , and have not heard this wonderful talent , you owe it to yourself to order this cd today . diana has chosen great jazz standards on each of her cds , which makes them so timeless , she knows how to pick a song , and make it swing !
2			discography	detailed	empathy	great	standard	new	knowledge	musical	book	essential	bio	musical			american axe . phil carson sets a new standard with his musical bio of the late eclectic virtuoso guitarist , roy buchanon . combining great empathy for his subject , musical knowledge , researching skills and a narrative style that is at once hip , entertaining and informative , carson spins a fable for our times . buchanon's career spanned the birth and development of rock n roll and carson weaves a story at once poignant and provocative as buchanon squanders his phenomenal talent while wrestling with the inner demons that plagued his life . as much a human interest drama as an essential book for guitarists and fans of all persuasions , american axe also includes terrific photos and a detailed discography .
2			albums	great	albums	best	stranger	best	albums	live	purchase	essential	countries	foreign	album	recent	moves	best	people	free			in a tie with night moves and stranger in town for seger's best . live bullet , which is tied with night moves and stranger in town as one of bob seger's best albums , is also one of the great live albums of all time . the songs run the gamut from seger's 60 beginnings up to and including what was then his most recent album , beautiful loser . the fact that seger , like virtually every other midwestern , southern , and west coast rocker , advocates efforts to free people unjustly imprisoned in foreign countries , as well as increased funding for law enforcement , make this album an essential purchase for both your ears and your conscience .
2			construction	good	quality	good	piece	nice	piece	great			nice piece . this is a great piece of furniture for them money . good quality with consistency in the finish . the construction is very good with even fitting of all of the pieces .
2			songs	great	they	dull	music	good	fan	huge	actors	good	soundtrack	great	film	sappy	film	long			sappy and dull . i had the misfortune of seeing this movie after one of my friends recommended it . she guarunteed that i would cry . you can be sure that i cried all right first , because i had paid $ 3.50 to rent this film , and then when i realized how bad it was . i am a huge fan of nicolas cage , but i can not stand meg ryan . i had hoped one would cancel the other out . unfortunately , it didn not . this film was ridiculously sappy and long . i actually fast forwarded through some of the conversations because they were so dull . plus there was no chemistry between cage and ryan . i was completely unconvinced . the saddest part of this film is that the soundtrack is so great . this movie does not deserve the great songs that were placed in it . i wish there was a law against pairing an awesome soundtrack with a lousy movie . overall good music , good actors , but they rely too much on cliche lines and cheesy dialogue .
2			songs	great	ones	good	album	best			razors edge is the 90 s number 1 ac / dc album . this is the best album to me that ac / dc did in the 1990 s there were other good ones the few they made then . just as now . my thoughts of this album are for sure 5 stars plus and then some . everysong on this album razor's edge , is awsome they just rock from start to finish . this is how i rank them thunder struck fire your guns are you ready razors edge got you by the balls if you dare money talks rock your heart out mistress for christmas shot of love goodbye and badluck lets makeit but no matter how you would list them they are still all great songs . and they rock .
1			feel	sorry	i	disappointed	opposition	direct	sense	poor			garmin get lost . i am extremely disappointed in my knows less than i do and often wants me to drive in the direct opposition to where i have told it i want to it yells at me telling me to turn around and i have to shut it off . i feel sorry for folks who do have a poor sense of direction if they try to rely on this product .
2			book	great	parts	best			island of the blue dolphins . island of the blue dolphins is a great book . it is an exiting story about a girl who is traped on an island for years . she fights the wild dogs and builds herself a house . her only company is a dog named rontu and two birds . one of the best parts is when the ship with white sails comes and takes everyone away . that's when she gets left behind .
2			book	awesome	purchase	great			more please . great purchase and shipping etc the book is awesome ! i remember its principles each day !
2			movie	great	story	true	rock	classic	stories	incredible	book	good			amazing story , excellent documentary . this was one of the most incredible stories i have ever heard ; the fact that it is a true story makes it all the more astounding . the documentary unfolds like a good book , and is very well done . this is a great movie for anyone , but especially fans of classic rock .
2			voice	glorious	regret	great			disappointing . after watching the pbs production of south pacific , i thought getting this brian stokes mitchell cd would be a no brainer . i anticipated hearing a series of top rate songs with that glorious bass baritone voice pouring out of my system . mr mitchell chose , however , to record his material in a light breathy voice that left me constantly asking , where's the beef ? i have seen mr mitchell on television quite a few times , and i have always been impressed by his singing . with great regret i have to say this cd just doesn not work for me .
2			states	united	mine	defective	book	great			interesting , but full of errors . this is a great book if you want a very brief history of fire engine manufacturers from around the world . however , it is riddled with errors regarding the united states manufacturers . for instance , it shows a photo of a mount horeb , wisconsin fire truck and claims it's in canada . the authors do not seem to know that crown firecoach went out of business in the 80 and pirsch did so in the 90 . the coverage of pierce is pathetically short given its prominence in the the united states market . if i can find these errors about the united states companies in just five minutes , one can only wonder how many more there for manufacturers from other countries that i have much less knowledge of . overall , a disappointing book . since mine was defective cut off corner i will be returning it and will not order a replacement .
2			i	disappointed	advertisement	good no	taste	great	loaf	awful	couscous	ok			very disappointing . i have tried several recipes out of this book and have been very disappointed with the results . the broccoli and almond quiche is very oily and doesn not taste that great . the lentil loaf is just awful . the couscous with chickpea stew is okay , but doesn not give enough reason to buy this book contains a lot of oily , deep fry , margarine and sugar recipes . the writer is from the uk and the dishes remind me of some vegan food i tasted when i was over there . i hate to say anything negative about a vegan book i m a vegan myself , but this book just isn not good advertisement for veganism in my opinion .
2			missions	fun	duvall	real no	voice	phenomenal	gameplay	great			so addicting . this is quite posssibly my favorite 360 game yet . i haven not been able to put it down , it is simply too addicting . like others have mentioned , the voice over work is phenomenal . getting marlon brando , james caan and robert duvall in the game is unreal . it really makes you feel like you are there . that said , this game doesn not even need the godfather universe to be great . it's just icing on the cake . the game itself is so engrossing . the missions are fun and challenging , the open ended gameplay of doing whatever you want is great , and the fun never seems to end . just make sure you have plenty of time to play this . once you start , you may not be able to finish .
2			assortment	nice	it	great			not what's pictured , but still nice . the toys are not all the same as the ones in the above picture , but this still is a very nice assortment . it's great for a shower gift ! some toys are in packages besides the box , and some are just loosely in the box . i wish someone would have gotten me this for my kids when they were infants since we seemed to leave toys everywhere we went and there's plenty in the box !
1			ground	new	thing	terrible	package	attractive	war	civil	myth	romantic	version	happy	it	bad	south	old	racism	romantic			romantic racism . you have to give credit to this film for its glossy , epic sweep and the fact that it breaks new ground in filmmaking techniques . unfortunately , the film , like the novel , promotes a destructive , romantic myth of a south that never really this technicolor version of the old south all the darkies are happy and smiling and dancing on the banks of the mississippi , and obviously it's too bad the civil war came along and ruined things . what a trashy message , and the terrible thing is that its wrapped in such a seductive and attractive package .
1			dissapointment	big	album	bad			the worst . man , this is one hell of a bad album by dylan ! people say it's one of his best ! are you joking ? the songs dragas and drags withou finishing , it's a nightmare ! a big dissapointment , considering the fact that it came after the maervellous blood on the tracks . desire suc . s !
1			i	glad	types	different	twist	new	guys	good	magic	nasty	guys	bad	powers	special			a new twist on demons . in most paranormal novels , demons are typically the bad guys and the humans that control and summon them the good guys . think kim harrison , katie macallister . in jacob , it's the other way around . demons , one of the nightwalker species , are decent people with special powers , only corrupted by the magic the human practicers of magic , or necromancers , use to summon and control them . only then does a demon turn into a vile , evil thing , made so by the nasty necromancer magic . nice take ! i loved frank's world building and the different types of powers each demon had . absolutely loved the covers . i stalked these books a long time before i purchased because of the covers . i had a surfeit of paranormal but i m glad i read this one .
2			vehicle	great			moira kelly is sensational . changing habits is a great vehicle to show the superb talents of actress moira kelly . she shows all facets of her acting ability from being mad , sad , hate and love throughout the movie . it is an excellent movie to see how a person can come about 180 degrees and it also gives us all hope and faith .
1			endnotes	extensive	books	worst			one of the worst books ever written . if you want to know something about the incas , forget this book . he spends time on the aztecs , the greeks even the romans , but other than spelling out inca words with no translation for them , forget it . there are extensive endnotes , some that last more than a page which are equally obscure . the author is very insistent about never getting to the point and avoiding logical you have insomnia , you might want to invest in this waste of space .
2			pounds	extra	introduction	great	catagories	separate	they	outstanding	recipes	individual			tasty recipes combined with sound nutrition . ms kostas provides a great introduction wherein she discusses the basics of sound nutrition . then it is on to the recipes . although i haven not counted , there appear to be about 200 individual recipes which fall into 11 separate catagories . literally there are multiple recipes for every is not a program of deprivation . we have been sampling ms kostas's recommendations for the past six weeks . they have been outstanding without exception . in my case , it has also helped me to shed the extra pounds . i highly recommend the book to anyone that wants to eat well , but healthy .
1			product	bad	milk	hot	tomatoes	big	puree	little	blender	worst	dissapointment	biggest	chunks	big	edge	sharp			the worst blender ever . i just can not find the words to explain how poorly this appliance work . the blending rod has a sharp metal edge not the blade just as in any bad finished product . but the worst of everything is that the blender doesn not work and the chopper is the same . the first thing i tried to blend was a cup of mexican cocoa within the cup that's included in package , it was a mess and the chocolate was chopped even when the milk was hot . the chopper was the biggest dissapointment , i tried to puree a couple of big boiled tomatoes , they just turned and turned and turned around . all i got were big chunks of peel and flesh , and some little puree . i wish i could choose to rate it with no stars . just hated this crap , don not buy it ! !
2			song	awful	breaks	good	number	little	bunny	great	soloists	great			bunny was a great , but you would never know it with this . bunny berigan was one of the great jazz trumpet soloists of the 1930 , but with some of the dreck he either chose to record or was forced to record many included on this disc you would barely know it . the lead track is a perfect example of this dichotomy . the pied piper is a bouncy little number with some good trumpet breaks , but the song is plain awful . to make matters worse , bunny's vocalists were not top flight , and they get plenty of time at the mike 14 of 22 songs . a couple of tributes to bix at the end of the cd appear promising , but in reality drag monotonously . too many goofy lyrics and syrupy vocals . definitely not enough bunny .
2			book	new	condition	new	it	fast	condition	great			quick delivery , great new condition ! needed the book fast for class . the book was new and i received it fast ! i give it an excellent rating .
2			i	disappointed	thing	terrible	memories	great			not as good as i remembered . i had great memories of this as a kid . as an adult , i was very disappointed in the awful language in this movie . i don not want my kids watching this . also , one of the brothers taunts the other by calling him adopted which he isn not . it's just meant as an insult , which is a really terrible thing to be showing to children . adoption is a wonderful gift & blessing and i definitely don not want my children seeing that kind of garbage especially since we are adopting ! ! i got rid of the dvd after watching it once .
2			science	big	techno	great			jean michel jarre zoolook . this a great techno dance artisitc allbum from the 80 s if you like laurie anderson's big science you will like this allbum !
2			children	elementary	skills	social	pictures	great			excellent book for elementary age children ! i am a school psychologist and mobile therapist and this book has come in handy on many occasions . i work frequently with students who have been diagnosed with autism , and i have found that this is one book that students really enjoy . there are great pictures and stories that my students love to see and read . we typically act the stories out afterward either in person or with dolls / action figures . no matter how resistant the students are to the rest of the activities , they typically consider this a rewarding experience . i would recommend it to all school staff and parents who deal with students that are lacking social skills in some way .
2			they	wonderful	looks	expensive	light	great	it	sturdy	mother	old			great light for the price . i now have three of these lamps . they are wonderful for reading as well as crafts . i also use it for full spectrum benefits . it is surprisingly sturdy and looks more expensive then the price . i bought one for my 89 year old mother and she is able to read without difficulty again . i have recommended this product to many people .
2			it	good	few	small	deal	great	games	great			i did it all for the dragon . this over priced hunk of junk is past its time . a lot of you sony people think wow $ 100 what a great deal it was good a year ago , but it aint good now . first , the price . this thing $ 100 dreamcast is $ 50 there both going out in about a year , but dreamcast as internet connection , tons of great games at a cheap price and graphics to match ps 2 as well as a bunch of the games released on psone . the playstation does have soe great games , but only a small few compared to the dreamcast library . if you find a ps 1 for $ 50 don not turn it down , but for $ 100 its an absolute rip off ! i have rented many games for it , and here are the ones i liked spyro seriessiphon filter seriescool boarders series . that only a few after litterally 500 i have tried . sad , real sad . please , if you want a system from sony just buy a used ps 2 its the best sony deal you can get .
2			they	good	layout	great	price	best			best for less . i now have 2 best price i can find for new is currently walmart . i paid 10 for one at staples & 18 for another at wm after getting spoiled & wanting one for another location . i will stock up w / 2 more when i see them low again . they are that good of a value . don not care for wireless & this one has a great key layout .
2			kick	great	beans	black	meal	great	quality	high			a wonderful surprise . in an era where companies are increasingly using every trick in the books to cut costs of their products , zatarain's black beans and rice surprised me by being an incredibly tasty dish with all rice that could still be microwaved pretty easily . i haven not yet tried to cook this rice dish on the stove , but although the microwave instructions require a bit of babysitting , stirring every few minutes , the end result is a slightly creamy rice and beans dish with a really great kick and aroma of cajun spices . unlike most of the rice with pasta usually cut in dishes on the market , you can really smell it cooking from a room away , and when you first open the foil package the mix is kept in to stay fresh , you get a blast of the spices as well . you can tell at every stage that it's a high quality product , and it comes through in the end . i highly recommend it for anyone looking for either a great meal or a rice side dish for dinner .
2			looks	sweet	speakers	great	it	great	movie	long			movie lover . i use this all the time . i bought it to replace another 5 disc changer that died about a year ago . it's so great that it can play . avi files since i do a lot of my own dvd burning . the speakers are great , in fact i have to turn the subwoofer down because it shakes the whole place . it only seems to skip when the discs are dirty or there's dust in the machine . in the year that i have owned this i have never had to clean the laser or anything ! and the price couldn not be beat for a 5.1 home theatre system ! and it looks pretty sweet too . i love being able to put my own picture on the screensaver for when the movie is paused too long .
2			card	biggest	seemed	tedious	card	great	seems	dull			how could this happen ? i dunno i liked the other three books in the series . for some reason , though , this one just seemed tedious . character interaction is there , sure , but it seems dull and plodding . everything about it just seems to lack the spark that usually makes card so great . i suppose if you have read the rest of the series you will probably want to read this one too , but don not expect too much . card's biggest only ? letdown .
2			list	great	style	classic	cd	live	end	high			awesome cd . awesome band . not really sure how to review this since , if you are buying a live cd of band then you probably are a fan . i really like this live cd , it has always been one of my favorites . the only thing i would say the draw back of this one is that it has a lot of high end and hardly any bass . you will really need to eq it to get a decent for the music , this cd is from the tour promoting the cd for unlawful carnal knowledge . most of the songs are off that album , but in classic vh style , they throw some of the greats in here to . i think the set list for this tour was great and flowed very well . the songs transition nicely and you don not feel like the show is starting and stopping .
2			story	good	story	great			about movie description . the movie is good and great story that touches everyone`s heart but in the language n subtitles it is english and francais not english and spanish like i saw here in the product description , next time they should be shure about the correct info of the dvd .
2			arrangements	great	band	big	arrangements	big	buy	good	favourites	personal			good buy . i really enjoyed this cd . i love the music of pat metheny and the big band arrangements on the album are great . personal favourites are minuano and have you hea rd reccomend for anyone that enjoys a more serious big band and not the poxy glenn miller sound .
2			flavor	best	taste	great			best flavor i have ever had . the peach mango blend has a great taste , and mixes easily . the only downside that i can find for this product is the protein weight ratio in a single scoop , which is less than other competing brands .
2			weeks	next	looks	great	station	functional	service	terrible	phone	old	phone	new			phone is dead on arrival . was very much looking forward to this phone . unfortunately , the phone did not work on arrival despite multiple troubleshooting attempts . basically the phone base station was non functional . panasonic customer service was absolutely terrible . they could offer no solutions and the only option is to pack up this phone that is less than 12 hours old , send it to texas at my expense and hope they send me a refurbished unit in the next two weeks . they were completely unwilling to send me a new phone . bottom line phone looks great , but mine didn not work at all .
2			you	aware	responsibilty	great			with power comes great responsibilty . i have read about half of this book and so far have been helped in some ways . what this book does is basically make you more aware of the nature of people and their actions . many of the laws mentioned and explained in this book are things that we as humans consciously or unconsciously already are used to doing in many a book however if not read with a grain of salt might have the ability to turn a generally decent person into a pompous ss ole . but all in all , if you have common sense it can be benifitial in every day life .
2			flick	great			awesome cast . the lost boys is an action packed , and has an awesome cast of characters . kieffer sutherland plays the lead vampire , who leads a gang of lost boys who are vampires . when micahel and sam move to santa carla , they don not realize that they call it the murder capitol of the world for nothing . they are about to find out , where all the lost and missing children have gone , or better yet what they have become . the gang is after micahel , and it's a battle for dawn when he tries to save his friends . this is a great action / horror flick of the 80 s , everyone should have it in their collection !
1			cap	original	fit	poor			poor fit . despite being advertised as a replacement cap , the cap doesn not fit very well and isn not like the original cap at all .
2			dollars	crazy	idea	great			great idea . but who needs it . these filters are impossible to find locally . amazon is the only place that has them . six dollars to filter the water for your coffee is crazy . a tap filter on your kitchen sink is a much better idea .
1			movie	bad	choice	bad	it	easy	candy	fabulous			pretty lame . i thought this movie was pretty bad . it was so easy to predict . liv tyler's role was so small , i think she is a lovely actress , who made a bad choice to work in such a cheesy affleck may be fabulous eye candy , but i must say , his acting abilities are lacking substance . overall , i would skip this one all together . even as a rental .
1			evil	terrible	things	bad	it	late			a thriling read . lewis and jamie sneak away at night to the fear street there friends start doing the night while at the mansion a wall falls down revealing a secret room , the room contains the treasures of the fear were terrible and evil . especially angelica fear who killed alot of people . anyway the kids help themselves to the stuff . candy takes an amulet bad things start happening to candy's friends who are now her emeny's . really bad things is someone trying to kill them ? why does candy always wear that they set out to find out before it's to late .
2			zao	great	madness	original	madness	heavy			same great zao . this album is patented zao . time and time again this band puts out original , heavy , face melting madness ! this album , although not my favorite from the band where blood and fire bring rest is my favorite , completely lived up to my expectations and went far beyond . dan's vocals are still just as scathing as ever and will not disappoint the zao faithful . enjoy , metalheads !
2			fun	great	quality	next	construction	durable	she	young	granddauughter	old	opportunities	new	things	real			money well spent . i purchased this for my two year old granddauughter for christmas . although she is still too young for some of the learning features of this toy , she is having a lot of fun scanning items , inserting coins in the coin slot an opening the cash drawer . she is already learning to identify the coins which are sized like the real things . this is definitely a toy that will offer new learning opportunities as she grows . i m sure she will continue to have great fun playing with this toy over the next few overall quality of this item is excellent . it is made of a durable , weighty plastic construction that keeps it stabilized . the only component i would improve on is the cash drawer , which opens too quickly and robustly causing coins to pop out . i would definitely recommend this product to my relatives and friends . it was money well spent .
2			hit	big	gift	great			great baby gift ! i ordered this for a friend's baby shower . she loves u 2 so i knew this would be a big hit !
1			end	highest	treatment	similar	designer	graphic	looking	bad	look	different			cover art shock ! blu ray disc . is this a joke ? the highest end 1080 blu ray version for eternity of a long row of versions of this beautiful bond classic with a bad looking and , worse , mirror image picture of sean connery on the cover ? who decides this ? this is world cinema of global player companies , and they can not afford a graphic designer ! the only reason can be , they want the film to look different for the supermarket mass audience buyer , might work . when i remember the care that went into the thunderball laserdisc box in 1997 using unused but beautiful cover art . similar treatment with the cover on the for your eyes only blu ray with a roger image not from that film too young .
2			books	free	revolution	cultural	tuition	free	it	open	reviews	positive	i	excited	starvation	great			fiction desguised as autobiography . i was excited to acquire the book after reading all the positive reviews . i wish i could get my money back now . it is , at best , a fiction desguised as autobiography . the story is full of holes . for instances , three years of great starvation ended in 1961 not 1962 as stated in the book and cultural revolution started in 1966 not 1962 as stated in the book's front jacket . then there is the heartbreaking scene of him lacking 3 uan to pay for tuition because pigs were not ready for sale . tuition and books were free in china . a landlord's family would not be allowed to have pigs . my grandparents were landlords . everything of any value was taken away . the college entrance exam was very competitive the first year it was open in 1976 after 10 years of the cultural revolution . by 1977 the second year the exam was offered , the competition was not so fierce as da chen led the readers to believe .
2			exercise	good	toy	great	toy	good	level	hard	level	easy	toy	educational			great educational toy . my son received this for his 5 h b day . he loves it . it has many levels . he started out with the very easy level , now he's at the hard level . it will make you think . i like it myself as an adult . its good exercise for any age brain . i am buying this for a nephew's b day coming up . its a toy that you can play anytime and over and over again . good toy .
1			it	greatest	it	terrible	product	bad	college	regular	college	new			i lost my season ! i bought this exclusively to use on ncaa football 2003 to save my dynasty . after a couple seasons using a regular college , it got corrupt and i lost everything . i tried again with a new college and it was corrupt after 3 games . now it will only go a couple of games before it gets corrupt again and i have to trash everything . it was the greatest for the couple weeks while it worked because it holds everything , but it is terrible when all of your hard work ha ! goes down the tubs because of a bad product .
2			show	great			the shield season 4 . just wondering how many dvds are in season 4 of the was a great show have the other seasons and would like to pruchase this one .
1			it	worth	review	bad			don not buy it . is it worth it ? perhaps as a trinket only not sure where it would fit in any collection ? i own it only for fun but would not recommend it . i hate to give a bad review but this is not the tops in any collection .
2			gift	great	lullaby	celtic			great baby shower gift . we played this cd all the time when my son was younger , and still like to listen to it on long drives now that he is five . i have given this one and the celtic lullaby to several friends as baby shower gifts , and everyone has loved them ! i definitely recommend this or any of the ellipsis collection to anyone who wants to go beyond disney and sesame street tunes with their kids .
2			difference	clear	product	great	company	great	gels	best	while	little	races	various			best gels i have tried . i do a lot of training for various races and these are the best gels i have tried . they make a clear difference in performance , however , can take a little while to work . about 20 min for me . they also come from a great company that uses mostly organic ingredients . also , the litter collector seconds as a carabiner for runs . they taste as can be expected as most gels aren not particularly pleasant , however , they don not upset the stomach . in general a great product and plan to reorder again .
1			means	bad			as a lover of mr goreys work i have to admit , this isnt so good . i bought this book full knowing it wouldnt match up with amphigorey and amphigorey again , though by no means bad it is certainly not on par with the three it proceeded . i would recommend this to a fan of gorey , but if you are a neophyte read the earlier works
1			title	worst	effects	special	price	expensive no	part	worst	environment	good	game	awful			toyko extreme sucker . when you first play this game all you do is race , no special effects ! the worst part is that the tires look like if you were stuck in mud . not that smooth , in a way , this game is the worst dreamcast title yet , the graphics and environment are pretty good , but whats the use in there are no special effects . sure , the price is inexpensive for money . this game is awful !
2			read	great	move	recent	it	romantic	girl	young			great read . i found this read on a booklist for a ya lit class . upon reading the title , i knew it would either be sci fi adventure or one of teen loneliness and ang st after reading it , i think i got a strange mixture of the two , with no actual aliens involved . the book is about the struggle of discovering a beautiful yet strange boy through the eyes of ginny , a young girl dealing with a recent family move . smitty , the boy in question , never speaks , and is a mystery to ginny . i found myself totally absorbed in the book ; it was brooding and romantic . but a lot of the plot devices were forced getting the parents out of the way , films presented in the novel , and the way family ties are addressed in the end . despite these , ginny is a well written teenager and believable even if smitty's behavior in the end is not . he's a fascinating character , though ; and this was a fun read . highly recommended .
2			toy	great	off	little	handle	black	belt	detailed	figure	durable	arms	loose			awesome . this 12 inch action figure of luke skywalker is an excellent model for the 1996 line . it's hair color is a little off , but it is overall a great toy . luke's belt is very detailed along with the blaster and lightsaber although the lightsaber handle is black unlike in the movie . the figure is very durable , but the arms get loose after a while . the loose arms may be because i play with it a lot .
2			shot	good	things	small	deal	big	deal	great	bodybuilder	professional			this book has helped me a great deal . my boyfriend started using steroids a few month ago . he had me convinced that steroid use was no big deal and that he knew what he was doing . at first i believed him , but after a few weeks he started losing his temper over small trivial things . he would become verbally abusive with me and a few times i though he might hit me , but he never did . i learned a great deal about steroids by reading the steroid bible . i now know that steroids can make it hard for a person to control his temper along with other side effects and how steroids can be used in the safest manner possible to minimize these side effects . i showed the steroid bible to my boyfriend and he changed the way he takes steroids . his temper is no longer a problem . i would prefer that he not take steroids , but he is a serious bodybuilder who has a good shot at becoming a professional and i want to support his dream of becoming a professional bodybuilder .
2			it	awesome	quality	awesome			way to go amazon ! very cool . just got done watching the show and it was awesome . of course i had to download the tool , how else do you get started ? once it downloaded it worked very well and the video was right there to watch when i was ready . note to self get cable , dsl is a slow download but it worked great and the picture quality was awesome . no commercials ! i didn not have any troubles installing it on my computer and the help tool walked me through it .
2			it	safe	amsterdams	new	you	great	stuff	great			this is going the way of the new amsterdams . hey get up kids ! we already have the side projest doing some great stuff . but dont forget what made you great . i think it's safe to say that most fans would agree with what i m about to say . we need some songs that have some energy and say f yeah man . stuff we can jump around the room in are boxer shorts to and sing along with . bruce springsteen is slowing down but hes in his 50 s dont do it yet man .
1			seemed	cool	headset	different	seemed	awkward	phone	bad			beware of its bluetooth . bought this at a verizon store and it looked and worked great . within an hour the bluetooth headset lg stopped producing audio . after testing a different headset plantronics the store determined that phone was bad . the second phone seemed to set up ok , but static made the bluetooth unusable . returned it and am currently searching for another brand . expect this one will have a recall on it soon . other than that the features seemed really cool . opening the phone seemed awkward , had to open from sides .
2			adrenalyn	average	film	great	gore	great	film	good			fun movie . automaton transfusion is a great zombie film . it's fast paced , frantic , and has some great gore . story's not top notch , but most zombie movies don not have that anyway . the acting is hit or miss and some of the connections between characters are strained , but no worse than your average adrenalyn fueled action or horror film . good film to add to any zombie movie collection .
1			doo	bad	i	disappointed	one	good	fans	current	music	great	doo	big	voodoo	bad	songs	best			great music , but only from two albums ! i love big bad voo doo daddy , but i am disappointed to see that this collection of hits is actually pretty much a rehash of over half their songs from their self titled albumbig bad voodoo daddyand the other half are from theirthis beautiful lifecd , nothing else . almost anyone that owns bbvd has these two , so why pay another $ 10 for this the other hand , if you have never heard of bbvd , or are making your first purchase , this would probably be a good one to make . the songs still rock , and are the best of these two albums imho . so newbies , go ahead , get it ! you won not be disappointed at all ! that i can promise . its just not for current fans since they already have all these songs from the other two cd's . i really wish that this album contained more of a mixture . i m still giving it a 4 star rating because the music still rocks ! and i would definetely have to recommend it to newcomers to the sounds of bbvd .
2			cup	best	i	glad	press	french	coffee	great			simply the best . a painless cup of great coffee . easy to make , easy to clean and makes a better cup of joe than my french press , chemex , standard mr coffe and bialetti moka pot . not to mention cheaper than any of the above mentioned . i was looking for the best cup of coffee and bought several makers . i am just glad i found this before i sank money into a vacuum pot . there is simply no better cup of coffee at work than with the aeropress .
2			seemed	real	things	great	book	enjoyable	book	great			you will love this book ! omar tyree did an awesome job with this book ! when i read it i had already heard great things about it and none of the things that were told to me were embelished in any way . it was a great book ! i think i enjoyed it so much because it was one of the first books i read that the characters seemed so real . i felt like in some way i could relate to the characters which made the book even more enjoyable . it had a lot of twists and turns , and things you wouldn not expect . i would definately encourage you to read this book i couldn not put down !
2			storekeeper	native	visuals	great	pike	big	plot	predictable	artist	new	eden	big	love	true			a sweet treat . big eden is a sweet fantasy emphasis on fantasy but a treat nonetheless . great visuals , evocative soundtrack of country western classics that mirror the characters feelings , and terrific cast , including louise fletcher and nan martin . but the film belongs to handsome eric schweig as big , shy pike , the closeted native american storekeeper who falls in love with henry , the closeted new york artist ! will they find true love ? predictable plot but a satisfying romance for any audience . siu wai stroshane
2			weight	nice	paper	great			great paper . great paper for doodling and doing formal drawing . nice weight and texture to it . works best with pencils . my son loved this paper and went through it in no time .
2			set	great	crimpers	awesome			great set . this set is . great the crimpers are awesome the punch down tool isn not amazing but it works . great set for the price .
2			way	great			hummingbird a hit ! the hummingbird flosser makes the chore of flossing teeth easier and a lot less messy . great way to get kids into the habit of flossing .
2			feels	wonderful	packaging	great	i	pleased			excellent quality with the design to match . i bought this product and the burp set out of pure curiosity and i have to admit i was pleased to see it was beatiful and delicate cotton is of excellent quality and it feels wonderful . also , the packaging is great for sending the item as a gift . definetely worth the money .
1			movie	bad	it	dull	movies	bad	acting	bad	movies	good	it	bad	they	good			stunningly bad exploitation movie . okay , as you know , there are good movies , bad movies , and movies so bad that they are good . then there are bad movies that you think might really be ironically good , but they are not . this is one of the end , it's just dull in addition to having the requisite bad acting , negligible budget , transparent plotline , and yes , ursula andress in a wet dress . but this porkies meets world war ii movie just defies the imagination . can it really be that bad ? yes , yes , it can .
2			series	great			great series . i recently started reading the tess monaghan series by laua lippman and they keep getting better and better . this book is fast paced and keep you guessing . very well written .
2			sympathy	great	interpritation	good			good . good interpritation of history . this movie and a lion in winter are 2 of my favorite movies set in the pa st by the end of the movie you feel great sympathy with sir thomas and even though you know the end of the story you start to hope we will make it out sceanery is great as well
2			buy	great	sound	great	words	good	video	great	cd	worth	band	new	they	easy			great buy ! this cd is worth every single penny that you have to pay for it ! it has a great sound that i have compared to green day and blink 182 i waited all summer and fall for their cd to finally come out ! i was at vms in nyc one day before it was released ! i was angry but a week later i picked it up and now they are easy said my favorite new band . they have it all , great sounds good words and a great first video ! if you enjoy quality punk rock music this is the cd for you ! i hope you enjoy it as much as i do !
2			style	readable	story	true	escape	great	detail	great	characters	central			the great escape just who were the fifty ? this book gives a background to each of the fifty raf and allied officers who was murdered by the gestapo on re capture from operation 200 post war named the great escape . it is well researched and goes into great detail . at times it is rather poignant , especially when a survivor of stalag luft 3 visits the parents of one of the fifty after the war . jonathan vance has a very readable style and it is an excellent book for people like me to want to know more about the central characters in a true war story , where they came from and what happened to them after the war , etc all this is in this book . a gallant company the men of the great escape must be regarded as a companion book to paul brickhill's the great escape .
2			war	civil	book	fantastic	drawl	southern	book	great			great book . fantastic book that is quite an endeavor to get through very long . as i read , i imagined shelby foote's slow southern drawl narrating the passages . everything you would want to know about the civil war .
2			buy	great	miss	big	pad	nice			great buy for gender neutral . i purchased this book the week before i had my baby and i absolutely love it ! i was looking for a baby book that had the first 5 years to fill in along with options for celebrations , stories about how mom and dad met , birth story , etc it worked out great . you can remove and change around the pages and it also has lots of space to add pictures along with photo corners . i had trouble in stores trying to find a gender neutral book as we did not know what sex we were having and this cream / brown color worked out great ! the ink pad for hand / foot stamping is also really nice as in the hospital they only stamped my daughter's feet and not her hands , so i was able to do that on my own at home without a big miss . i definitely recommend this baby book !
2			box	entire	jobs	small	tool	great			great tool . this is a multitool . it will not replace an entire tool box , but is super handy to have for small jobs and an emergency . i have used this to fix my wife's car , my truck , our household toilet , guns , etc it's bailed me out a couple of times when a car broke down , etci also have a victorinox swiss army multitool and i like the features of the gerber better . for a working tool , this one rocks .
2			user	great	exercises	easy			great for 1 t time user . exercises were easy to follow . 10 minute segments made it easier to hang in for 30 to 40 minutes of total workout time .
2			veggies	fresh	it	great			tasty , healthful , and convenient . i don not miss the salt in this satisfying lentil soup that packs 16 grams of protein and 12 grams of fiber per can in only 360 calories that's 2 servings , but i almost always have the whole can . it's great as it is , but when i have the time i jazz it up with brown rice or fresh steamed veggies , like carrots or cauliflower . as a vegetarian this soup is one of my staples .
1			one	bad	flow	realistic	novels	good			robuster . over the last year i have gone thu most of the really good novels of this genre . a lot of my fantasy friends sold me on this book was wrote for teenagers , or kids just about to be was a rehash of the wheel of time . a bad one at your money , move on to something with more realistic flow of the story was awful , hard to keep up with and then for pages nothing would happen .
1			acting	poor			holy crap . ok . not holy , just crap . if you love cliche acting , forced expressions , forced acting , poor acting , horrible acting . if you think your child's christmas play was bad . this is worse . i rented it online . i stopped it about 40 mins in . my brain was hurting from the poor acting . i just couldn not comprehend the stupidity any longer . i suppose if you like e ! hollywood news and that sort of stuff that kills your brain cells , then this will likely be a hit for you ! if someone gave me this dvd i would use the paper for the cover to wipe my bottom , and i would use the dvd as a coaster .
2			buy	great	month	old	housing	military	reviews	great	suction	wonderful	itself	cumbersome	you	surprised	floor	clean	size	cumbersome	vacuum	worth	vacuum	best			great buy ! i purchased this vacuum after reading the great reviews about it on amazon . i needed a vacuum that really worked and was best at getting pet hair out of carpets . i live in military housing , which means inheriting carpets that many other families and their pets have lived with prior to myself living there . i have a four month old , so it was paramount that he have a clean floor to play on . well , this vacum does excacly what it guarantees . the suction is wonderful ; the size of the machine itself is too cumbersome and i m a petite lady , it has many parts to use ; and is easy to clean ; and is also good for cleaning couches and vehicles . i love this vacuum period . it really does clean . if you think your floor is already clean , buy this and you will see that it wasn not . you will be surprised as i was to see the amount of filth that was in the carpet . this vacuum was worth the hundred dollars i spent and then some .
1			parent	concerned	connection	bad	girl	happy no	operator	available	assistance	technical	girl	little	operator	next			a concerned parent . i bought this product for my nine year old , who is gong into the fourth grade . while setting up the program in our computer , it froze up . we could not get the program to work . after about thirty minutes , i called technical assistance . when you call technical assistance , you go through some prompts and then you are transfered to the next available operator . the phone will ring ten times , then you are put on hold for about thirty seconds before you are disconnected . i thought maybe i had a bad connection or something , so i tried three more times same thing happened each time ! i called customer service and they transfered me to the same number , where it all happened again ! i guess i m stuck because once you break the seal on software you can not return it . i found the experience very upsetting and my little girl is not happy to have received a gift that didn not work !
2			work	great	cd	great			great work . if it werent for the spice girls , melanie c wouldnt have had so much success with this album . i must admit , its not my type of music , but i support her greatfully and shes still a spice girl ! she did not quit , but i wanna say congrats for a great cd !
1			it	awful	seasons	good	seasons	bad	it	hard no	packaging	worst			mediocre season , worst packaging ever . yes , people argue about what seasons are good or bad but i wish i had listened to those who said to stop your collection at season 10 season 11 episodes struggle to hard to be funny and fail miserably in the process . there are a couple of keepers , but with with 20 episodes a year it's not that hard to get two or three right . another point that is mentioned often in the reviews is the packaging , and it is awful . i m starting to get the feeling that someone has pure , uncontrollable hatred for the simpsons buying public . why else would they make this awful cardboard contraption that is impossible not to damage if you try to open the slits for the discs more than 2 millimeters ? and of course sliding the discs in & out between sandpaper can not be good , either . it's purchases like this that make me wonder if all my video downloading friends aren not on to something .
2			sound	great	value	great			how not to film a concert . man i would love to see this concert to bad the director wont let me . if you can count to 5 before he changes carmeras or moves the shot you can count really fa st good god its rush i think they can put on a show that i would enjoy without having to have the sceen changed every 5 seconds there outta be a law , otherwise great sound and great value for the money i just wish i could actually watch the concert .
1			tribulation	poor	accounts	false			rotten apples . . angry at the world are we ? i have to say that this book reads like a see saw . there is no coherence to the book at all . it skips from childhood to adulthood to college back again to childhood . very hard to follow her . she might want to recheck her records of what she writes in her book . i was one of the ones listed and i can tell you by first acount that the stories written were , at best , lucid , false accounts from the author . in her psychomaniacal way she paints this story as poor me tribulation . the title to this book should be swiss cheese as there are a million holes in this account of the authors life .
2			they	great	they	boring	movies	great			loved the movies , you will love the soundtracks . i deleted about 1 3 of the tracks of both albums because they were too strange or boring , but after i did that they are great to listen to , they really take me back to the ambiance of these movies , which for me , is great . i set both of these albums to loop as i walked around hong kong on vacation and was in heaven !
2			installment	next	action	great			loved it loved it . i love this james patterson series . i wished the story wouldnt end . the story never got boring , the action was great , and i loved the charactors . i cant wait for the next installment of maximum ride .
2			it	amazing	product	great			awesome hair detangler for long , curly hair . i don not normally write reviews , but i highly recommend this product . i have very dry , long , curly hair which gets knotted & tangled up quite a bit . i primarily use this product as a detangler after showering , and it's truly amazing , i can comb through my hair with relative ease ! it also has a pleasant , light aroma . thank you for such a great product !
1			plot	good	book	worst			not very good . this is the worst book i ever story was realy long andit didn not make sense at all ! i give it two star because there was avery good plot but thats not what makes a book good all the time . i could see how some people might like this book so , you should give thought after reading this reveiw . remember what i said though because it could make a difference . if you think you might like this book don not let me stop you
2			she	old	pattern	great	message	great	illustrations	great			14 month old loves it ! my daughter has loved this book since she was 6 months old . it has a great flow and rhyme pattern , great illustrations , and communicates a great message . i even enjoy reading it over and over !
2			life	modern	introduction	available	introduction	great	siberia	modern			great introduction to modern siberian life . as a two year resident of siberia and author of roaming russia an adventurer's guide to off the beaten track russia and siberia , i found this book to be an eloquent account of thubron's 1998 six month journey across siberia . full of history , life , and hope , this is the best available introduction to modern siberia .
1			we	disappointed	movie	good no	light	poor	movie	hate no	script	good			i want my money back . tell you the truth i hated this movie , poor light , not good acting , it did not have a good script . my friends and i didn not like it . we were expecting a lot from this movie and we were very dissapointed . if i wasn not that dissapointed i wouldn not be writting this . i just don not want more dissapointed people in the world . it is enough wit me !
2			tale	great	offering	next	they	good	conscience	social	estate	real			a slice of life in the midwest . i live in a midwestern town about the size of prairie city , and my hometown has the pbs station and the groups with a social conscience and plenty of us including me who have tried to escape to a simpler life , marvelling at the real estate listings and the lack of commute to work or school each day . meghan daum did stereotype a bit , but stereotypes exist for a reason , and her characters are not empty or without heart . they are all basically good people well , except maybe faye with their own problems trying to make it through life . there are a couple of strange shifts in the book , moments where said whoa ! and had to go back a few pages to make sure that i hadn not missed something , but i couldn not put the book down . daum obviously studies people , their interactions and motivations , reflects on these , then weaves it all into a great tale . i will be looking forward to her next offering and probably picking up her fir st
2			vendor	great	product	great	shipper	light			great product , fast shipping ! buyer provided exactly what was needed in a timely fashion . also , this shipper was light on the packaging , which i appreciate for environmental reasons . great vendor ! will certainly consider using them again .
2			ab	awesome	eats	good			ab's awesome . i have been making ab's chocolate chip cookies since the first time i watched three chips for sister marsha and love them . i have wanted ab's baking book since it first came out but was to afraid to buy it because i thought it would be full of recipes by weight and not volume . all i can say is wow ! i should have known that ab would never let me down . every recipe gives you the option of measuring by weight or volume and as usual ab has made everything easy to understand . reading this book makes me feel like good eats has come directly into my home . as usual , ab rocks ! thanks ab and my husband for a wonderful baking book !
1			review	short	production	poor	albums	worst			one of the worst albums that i have ever heard . i will make this review short and sweet .1 the production is poor ; it sounds like it was recorded in one take on a tape deck .2 lars sounds like he's banging on trash cans .3 the lyrics are trite .4 the songs have no melody , hooks , or guitar solos .5 the album sounds monotonous , like one , long , awful song .
2			film	bad no	it	typical	trek	original	i	extra	pilot	original	addition	good			this film should have been a made for tv movie . i must admit the only reason i bought the dvd of this film is because i was an extra in it and 22 years old at the script is written by link and levinson the guys that brought us many tv series that is , mannix and colombo . it was directed by james goldstone who happened to have directed the original pilot for the original star trek in all it is not a bad film , it would have been better suited as a made for tv movie . when i first saw it in the theater with sensurround it really made me feel as though i was riding a rollercoaster . unfortunately you don not get the same effect from the home video version as sensurround is not included on the dvd is well presented but the only disappointment to me is the sound is in mono dolby digital which makes no sense to me . otherwise it is typical of most dvds in its presentation of a film . if you like disaster and / or suspense films this will be a good addition to your collection .
2			musician	great			great musician . this is what we need in the world of loudand headache music . this stands out , waitingfor a concert of lizz and john legend . would notregret the up .
2			bearing	great	guide	sharp	works	great	examples	incredible			not just a paean to gaudi et al . unbelievably beautiful ! the impact of the art nouveau movement known in spain as modernismo , had great bearing on the look of barcelona as a modernizing city in the early 20 h century . the book is also a sharp tour guide of some of the great architectural works of a city that is brimming with incredible examples of the decorative arts . if youve been / youre going to barcelona or love nouveau / deco design this is a must have !
2			bands	great	wave	recent			aint got no sense . a must have for any fan of the recent wave of garage punk rock and roll the hives , the white stripes covered by many great bands , but never duplicated .
1			quality	poor	it	durable	product	similar	quality	bad	concept	great			great concept , poor quality . i like the design , the colors but the the quality is bad . within a few hours of use the stitching started coming apart . would not recommend , belkin makes a similar product without the button and it is 10 as durable . the quality on this product is not worth the co st .
2			feature	wonderful	stores	local	it	great	wagon	fun	riders	good no	becuase	popular	twins	old			seat belts yea . this wagon is obviously becoming very popular becuase it is often sold out here at amazon . word of advice toys r us does not carry this model in their stores only online . but , you can usually find this wagon at your local stores . anyway , i have only had it a few days but so far i just think it's great . i have 2 year old twins and a three year old . they all fit in this wagon when the seats are folded down . i think the seatbelt feature is wonderful . my twins are not good stroller riders so i m hoping this wagon will be a little more fun to ride in !
2			boys	tired	written	spiritual	person	great	dojos	various	sensei	great	zen	little			little zen and no streetfighting . this book was a poorly written , pseudo spiritual , account of mr sabat's experinces in karate training . there were no streetfights of any kind , only accounts of bouts in various dojos around the world , and very verbose descriptions of his training is disrespectful of other artists that do not follow his style or reflect his views of enlightenment . i noticed that he made sure the wado ryu boys were thoroughly tired and winded before he defended the honor of his dojo . he is also disrespectful of professional might be a great person , but that is not how he comes accross in the book . i m sure he trains hard and is a great sensei , especially if your goal is to heap abuse on was a very distasteful book . save your money .
2			control	good	pot	big	it	great	one	new	smell	small			prone to breaking . i purchased this unit at a bj's wholesaler , and it stopped working within a week . after exchanging it with a new one , it worked alright for about three months , until the electronics and the display stopped working . it still heats , but i have no control or it was working , it was great ; only a small smell of oil lingered in the kitchen , and it was far easier to clean up than just cooking out of a addition to being a piece of equipment that has electrical problems , you don not get the good control out of it ; the thermostat wasn not always correct . i suggest using a thermometer , a big pot , and turning on the stove's overhead fan .
2			work	best	movie	great			not just a great western , a great movie . this is sergio leone's best work . period . oh , and one last thing . anybody who thinks clint eastwood should have played harmonica instead of charles doesn not get it . no disrespect toward clint , but bronson owned this role .
1			series	new	one	worst	one	next	book	bad	felt	dumb			i was dissapointed ! geez ! it's a new series , and i was waiting forever for it to come out , and when it finally does , and i read it , i felt dumb that i bought such a bad book ! i love fear street books , and i have read almost every one , and this one , by far , was the worst ! it was more of a goosebump was like the seniors were 10 year olds ! please r . l . stine , make the next one better !
1			i	wrong	movie	boring	theme	bad			boring as hell ! i rented this video thinking it was a comedy . i was so wrong . after 40 minutes i was falling asleep , i pushed myself into the end of it , and it didn not get any movie , bad theme , boring , you can invest your time staring at the wall , i can guarantee you will be happier !
2			it	easy	it	bright	it	great	it	fun			wonderful product ! no more battery or bulb replacement ! it is bright like all other flashlights . one minute of cranking equals one hour of light ! i love it because it is fun and easy . it is also great for emergencies .
2			clubs	little	album	best	mates	fantastic	releases	independent	mate	fantastic			bloody fantastic mate . this is quite easily the best album to come out of 2003 coming from a bloke who spends over $ 1000 on cd's each year . ok i might be a bit biased , i saw these guys when they were first starting up in melbourne a few years ago at dingy little jazz clubs . but now they have gone on to sell out an australian national tour , performing 3 or 4 times in some cities . this album sounds like nothing i have ever heard before even their earlier independent releases whimper compared to this explosive masterpiece . latin , hip hop , ska , reggae , jazz , swing all combine synergetically to create an album with as much funkiness as james brown , as much grooviness as michael jackson and as much damn coolness as miles davis . bloody fantastic mates ! ! !
1			seemed	heavy	felt	bad	flashlight	expensive	tool	weak	screwdriver	weak	while	good			not enough power . a friend of mine bought this kit after i gushed about my hitachi 14.4 system . i loved the chuck , the weight distribution and the fast charger . his 9.6 seemed too heavy , and while the charge held out for a good while , it simply wasn not up to running a masonry bit or driving deep wood screws . he felt like he had bought a weak screwdriver and an expensive flashlight . i just felt bad for recommending hitachi drills in general . usually their engineering is such that they don not offer a weak tool . don not buy this except for fairly light duty . the 14.4 is as good a drill as is out there however , and i have used the 24 bosch and can still say that .
2			dvd	great	way	physical	concept	fantastic			great dvd ! what a fantastic concept with excellent execution ! most everyone today deals with some level of depression or anxiety , and this dvd brings a physical way to reduce those symptoms while also the added benefit of exercise and relaxation .
2			heroines	great	novel	historical	story	romantic			a wonderful historical novel . this is one of my favorite books ever . i read it many years ago and bought it for my teenage daughter last year . she loved it and shared it with a couple of her friends . it gives a wonderful overview of mideval england , so you learn a lot of history while enjoying a romantic , interesting story . katherine swynford is definitely one of the great heroines of english history .
1			i	sorry	rap	commercial	jay	bad			jays gotta call it quits for a awhile . ive always been a jay z fan but seems like this album was his wor st i agree with other people that said he is doin commercial rap cuz he is just doin it for the money . this album was a waste of time and i am so sorry i bought it . plus , naming it blueprint 2 ? bad move jay , if i remember right ur last album was blueprint . i expected somethin better . if jay was reading this i would tell him to cool it for awhile and think bout your lyrics . change ur style . ever since the nas vs . jay z battle i was always for jay z cuz the blueprint album was so good and most of his others cept dyansty but ever since this blueprint 2 i think i will go with nas unless jay changes his style .
1			design	poor	lifespan	expensive	i	sick	i	happy no	lifespan	short			expensive short lifespan . dishwasher safe yet not for use with rinse aid . for the home user this makes for not really dishwasher safe or at least it does for me . so i have used this pot every day for about a month and it has started a slow leak at the seam between the steel and plastic . this is the second bunn plastic / steel decanter i have bought that leaks in this way . poor design i here is the deal . i am very unhappy with this pot and another just like it . if two out of two do this for me in less than a year , chances are they will all leak under the same conditions . i personally prefer the long life of the glass decanter over the this plastic junk . i am sure i could get replacement but i am just sick of the purchase was depressing .
2			needs	special	understanding	great			great understanding for those who cannot always speak . this is a very hepful and interesting insight on understanding those with special needs . greenspan specifies a light and patient approach for the lay person as well as professionals . this book is a staple in most school districts and should be in each home .
2			story	little	read	great	story	great			great read . great little story that could be read by just about any age . really enjoyed this , especially after having read so much later stephen king works . .
2			packing	constant	concept	great	idea	great			great concept but too flimsy & pricey . i bought one to see if i liked it . i agree this is a great idea , but the relatively thin plastic will surely crack if used much for travel . even if used only at home , it is a pricey item if you have lots of ties as i do . i would purchase dozens more if the price came down a bit maybe $ 3.60 or so , or they made a travel version that will withstand constant packing and unpacking in tightly stuffed suitcases . i would pay more for that .
2			dave	great	it	bad	range	vocal	talent	vocal	range	generous	talent	tremendous	performance	live	song	entire	performance	great			horrid . i really liked depeche mode . i bought almost all of their albums give or take a couple and have a few of their singles . one thing i admired about them was david gahan's sublime voice . here was finally a rock star who could sing on key and who had a generous vocal range . songs like enjoy the silence , strangelove , and here is the house show a tremendous vocal talent , and the live 101 album showed how great dave sounded live , whereas most other rock stars would likely sing in monotone . however , dave's singing on this dvd is absolutely horrid . he is most of the time off key and he strains the vocals too much , even on delicate songs like waiting for the night . i can not even listen to an entire song on this dvd in its entirety . it's really that bad . i say this sadly , as i was hoping for a great live performance as in 101 i guess the years have finally taken their toll on david , unfortuneatly .
1			workout	good	it	annoying	experience	poor			good workout but commercials ! . the brazil butt lift workoutbrazil butt lift workout dvd english and spanish , is challenging and is definitely a good workout . however i will never buy a workout dvd from the beachbody company again . it is extremely annoying that before and after a workout in between the workouts commercials play to feature other beachbody workouts or to talk about their website . when i am ready to watch a workout dvd i want to get right into the workout and do not want to be disrupted with commercials needing to stop and fast forward through them in my opinion beachbody created a poor customer experience . while the workout is good and i am feeling the results , the annoyance of the dvds makes me not want to use them , instead i may do the exercises on my own .
1			effects	suck	movie	worst	effects	special	movies	good	angles	poor			worst movie ever . okay i kind of liked the first one , but when i saw this one i was completly shocked ! the camera angles were soooo poor and the acting couldn not get any worse ! the special effects sucked , i have seen better ones on cartoons . . and for any of you that have seen mtv's undressed the acting was just about the same if not worse ! the snowman looked soooo fake and the ice cubes talking what the heck was that ? and as for those snowballs getting puked out , that was lame . i would have to say for anyone who likes to waste their precious time , watch this , but for anyone who likes good movies , don not think once about renting this , don not even touch it ! !
2			way	great	deal	great	wagon	old			great deal . i am restoring an old wagon for my grandson . thinking air tires would be a great way to up date my wagon . i began looking for air tires at all the chain hardware stores only to find that my up date will cost around $ 100 i found these tires sold through amazon at 1 4 the cost with the exact quality . they arrived wagon is finished and i can not wait to give it to my grandson .
2			story	good	war	great	oppenheim	good			good story , incorrect formatting . kindle edition . formatting errors throughout . misspellings and codes / tags showing . good oppenheim fare from the early part of the decade before the great war .
1			frank	big	presents	big	birthday	big	frank	excited	game	bad			make it stop . this game is so bad it makes shaquille's rap career look like it was that of tupac's by comparison . i remember when big frank's dad bought this for him for his birthday , it was one of his big presents , needless to say , big frank was excited at first glance hey , back in segas hay day this game had a lot of hype well , we pop that cartridge in and played for 1 hour and to put it lightly , it was big franks birthday , and he will cry if he wants too he actually cried for 6 hours because the game was so bad and his birthday was ruined his dad had been drinking whiskey throughout the night and when big frank went crying to his dad about how bad the game was , he was beaten badly with one of those spaulding air pumps that you use for your sporting ball needs , well , i couldn not stand to watch the drunken beating , so i fleed the scene shortly after , and needless to say that was the last time i saw big frank's dad , moral of the story , don not play this game .
2			help	great	product	great	job	great	idea	great			great product ! ! ! great idea ! ! ! great help ! ! recently purchased this floor scrubber . it was a god sent product . did a great job on my floor and saved my back at the same time . it also cut down my scrubbing time down to a fraction of the time it used to take me to scrub my floors . best purchase i have made in a long time ! ! pullman holt b 200752 gloss boss mini floor scrubber
1			you	new	song	terrible	judas	worst	works	previous			terrible . this album may be the worst album judas priest have ever released . its so terrible that there is not any good song so you can say its just ok . sorry guys but this album is only for collectors . i really wonder how some guys like this album . they are probably very fanatic fans means whatever judas priset releash they are gonna like it . it reminds me of metallica there are guys that they like st anger if you believe this . if you are new to judas priest try painkiller and some previous works like sad wings of destiny british steel and defenders of the faith .
2			dealings	great	job	great			great dealings . this was really great . it was a gift for my brother in law for christmas , but he couldn not wait and opened it early and looooooooves it ! so satisfied with my dealings . great job .
1			movie	best	one	available	tools	best	office	poor	message	large			spielberg's best movie . despite its poor box office , and competing for recognition with a sentimental favorite at the oscars , bertolucci's the last emperor , empire of the sun is spielberg's best movie to date , schindler's list included . the story itself , and the brilliant performance of christian bale , would be enough to recommend it , but spielberg's superb use of the techniques of cyclic action , symbolism , portent , etc also makes this one of the best teaching tools available . while there is a large issue message here , there are also many profound smaller messages , and one viewing is never enough .
2			gift	great	sister	pleased			it made for a great gift . i know absolutely nothing about this series . however , my sister was quite pleased when i gave it to her for christmas .
1			copy	poor			not worth the money . like other customers , i found that this dvd was a very poor copy of the film which i had been waiting to purchase for a long time .
2			tires	black	everyone	old	frame	great	it	strong	spokes	easy	bike	greatest	misfit	great	spokes	black			greatest ride ever . a kids car is a bike . you wana go around in style . it has to be strong to . kids want to have a cool bike this is awsome . misfit is great . i got it as a confirmation present 4 21 05 i didnt hav a bike and this blows away all the neighbor hood bikes . the mongosses , pacfics , huffy , etc great aluminum frame . crome pedals , kickstand and pegs everyone likes those 68 spokes black on black black tires and black spokes 20 n and is a very smooth ride and easy to control . its light and easier 2 do tricks on . at my old house everyone wanted a dino bike now rhyno rarly anything bad about them and nothing bad about the misfit . worlds greatest bike ever
1			offspring	old	types	bad	disc	weak	fan	true	types	good	songs	good			very weak . i m gonna keep this simple . i own about 400 discs and have listened to all types of music , good and bad . this disc is weak and is a sorry excuse for an offspring effort . it has about one fourth the attitude americana and smash had . how can any true offspring fan even compare this to those two releases . there is about 2 really good songs and the rest are blaaaaah . americana and smash came out of the gate aggressive and in your face and never let up the whole time . there was passion in their aggressive punk rock attitude . this disc never gets you pumped up or gives you that old offspring i wanna smash something feeling . dont waste your money !
1			place	local	expectancy	poor	it	little	cup	expensive	machine	high			2 d delonghi to die on me . i had the esam 4500 and upgraded to the gran dama . it's a little over a year now and the led display just completely died on me . i live in colorado and to get this looked at costs 300 plus then whatever the parts and maintenance are on fixing the issue . i would think this being a high end machine that it would typically last longer then 1 year . the 4500 lasted just over a year and had to be replaced . i just don not understand how can they charge so much for something and offer such poor life expectancy of this machine . if there was a local place to get it fixed , i would probably take it there just to see how much it would cost , but about 1 year for the price is a very expensive cup of coffee . find another manufacturer , delonghi is going down hill very fa st
1			quality	terrible	i	happy	cost	low	workmanship	poor	resistance	little			poor workmanship . i was very happy with a front wheel that i purchased earlier from niagara for about the same price as this rear wheel . when i bought this rear wheel , i thought i was buying a matching rear wheel to the front that i had purchased earlier . however , the quality of this rear wheel is terrible compared to the front wheel . the front wheel had a low cost shimano hub that spun glass smooth with very little resistance . this rear wheel has a lot of drag when one tries to spin it , to the point where one has to make sure that one has a fairly tight grip on the hub so that it does not spin with the wheel . in addition , the wheel is visibly out of round . not much but , enough to be irritating . i can not believe the difference in quality between the front wheel that i bought and this rear wheel . both cost under $ 30 each .
2			game	awesome			awesomeist game ever . this game was awesome i mean awesome if you like shooting games or car games this is the game for you
1			resurrection	different	line	horrible	movie	worst	movie	dumb	one	new	movies	best			the worst halloween movie of the whole series . the halloween movies from the first to last just seems to get worse everytime a new one is released . the first two halloween movies released halloween and halloween 2 were the best of the whole series . they may even be my favorite movies of all time . halloween resurrection was just much different then the other halloween movies . the movie was plain dumb . it had a horrible story line . the movie just gets more boring and boring the longer you watch it . i recommend that if you haven not seen any of the other halloween movies you should watch them and leave this movie for the last to see .
2			book	different	reference	great	approach	high	approach	personal			it's not like the other iguana books ! i loved david's personal approach to taking care of iguanas . every book i have picked up seems to take a high handed i know it all approach to care . this book takes a much more common sense humanistic approach , that seems to have been written with someone who loves their pet in mind . i especially found the photographs of anna interacting with david's house and family touching . it's refreshing to see this beautiful reptile out and book is also a great reference . david's disease prevention section is divided into the most common afflictions which might befall your pet , rather than an attempt to replace your vet . his first line advises you to consult your veterinarian ! by the way , there is a review that mantions that there is no index , must be a different book , mine has an index pages 100 -101 .
1			budget	low	editing	bad			bad but not enoug to be funny . bad acting bad editing , and only the most superficial points of the story were played out . the older bbc version was worthy though low budget .
2			commentary	social	climaxes	big	debut	great	climaxes	real			too many critics . critics all said this book was a great debut . this book was full of let downs . the author has a lot of talent , which is evident in his ability to show rather than tell . however , the plot was like ralph ellison only because the kulam is trying to be ellison . the plot was full of build ups with no real climaxes in my opinion . it even smelled like invisible man without the real big climaxes and social commentary . i just can not say i enjoyed reading this book .
2			jazz	great	jazz	free	jazzer	best	jazzer	free			great free jazz ! braxton may very well be the best free jazzer in the world , and it shows on this cd !
2			basis	regular	set	complete	collection	good	way	great			good collection . first of all , let me say i bought my first wusthof knives about 4 years ago and based on what i have seen to date i will have them for at least another 10 years . i still haven not sharpened them , though it's time to do so . the sharpening steel has been sufficient so far . second , let me review this set in terms of needs . i bought my knives individually and the knives i use most often are the ones in this set . i own a 8 chefs knife , but the chefs knife in this set is 6 which is great for smaller hands . that , plus a bread knife , a paring knife , scissors , a steel and block , i would call this a complete starter set . it contains only the knives i know i use on a regular basis . finally , i will say that i have ordered from metro kitchen before and they do nice you are looking for a gift , this is a great way to go .
2			sound	cool	lyrics	great	hop	boring			the album that started it all . i admit , misty mountain hop , four sticks , and even when the levee breaks though the drum sound is cool are a bit boring . but when you focus on the brighter side of this album , you can forget that those songs are even there . jimmy page's guitar playing is even more phenominal than ever before , john bonham manages to create amzing drum sounds that people still use today , john paul jones plays other instrument besides just the bass , and even robert plant finally manages to write great lyrics ! i don not know how someone can live without owning this album . each and every song changed the way music is played today . put down this album if you want , but face it , without its existance , who knows what music would sound like today ? i shouldn not be telling you to buy this album because you should already own it .
2			tongs	great	design	old	i	satisfied	grips	safe	design	superior	design	foolish			no dishwasher safe ? these are great tongs . the other zillion people rating them should have you convinced of that by now . even though i m very satisfied i m going to concentrate on my complaints instead of their hard to get clean without a dishwasher . the arms are not closed but curve under towards the food side , making a long skinny cave for stuff to hide . the rubber grips on the arms are far from heat safe . i m not sure how they ever got exposed to direct heat there without my hand burning up first , but they did . neutral in retrospect a longer pair would make some jobs easier . nine inches is really only right for the stove many , see the other reviews . notably the locking design is vastly superior to the foolish old ring design , what were we ever thinking ? verdict buy em .
1			plot	unbelievable	writing	poor			give yourself a break and don not buy it . having read the first two books in this series , i hung in there hoping things might get better they didn not . the writing is so poor i found myself wondering how this book got published in the first place . basically , i found the plot contrived and unbelievable . the dialogue and imagery were equally as bed . it may be time for mr cooper to consider looking for another career .
2			story	outstanding	story	great	story	good	lizzie	funny	characters	main			this story is good for halloween ! yohannes . this story is outstanding because it has a lot of interesting details and lizzie is funny when she calls her brother booger . my favorite part was at the end of the story , but i m not telling you what happens ! the main characters in the story are lizzie and booger and brian or mr electricity . the problem in this story is that lizzie won not take booger trick or treating with her . lizzie really wants to go trick or treating with her friends , but her parents say she has to take booger , or she can not go at all . the story is great , i think you should buy it !
2			i	great			its great i love it . this prodect i got it in just only a few days and i love that it works i haf this before and now that i have it again i can save all my game and i love it
2			experience	extensive	source	great	tool	practical	world	real	professionals	young			great source for young professionals . this book is a great source for younger professionals aspiring to be cio's and wanting to learn some key lessons before they get there . i m only getting started in the information systems field , and this book was a practical learning tool for the future . the authors have extensive real world experience , and share the lessons they have learned throughout their careers . i highly recommend this book .
2			book	great			a jolting book . who killed my daughter ? is a great book . since i had already read i know what you did last summer i knew what to expect . but this book touched my heart as the author rummages for clues to kaitlyn's death . a quest from which the author unleashed secrets which were shocking . a great book with the frightening apocalypses which give answers to a murder . it kept me glued to the book until i finished it .
2			i	wrong	comers	new	writer	great			hemingway , not fitzgerald , the great american writer . everytime i read a novel by hemingway i enjoy it . i came to the sun also rises expecting the same satisfaction . but i was wrong . the sun is even better ! hemingway captures the voice of his characters through dialogue brilliantly . his sensitive portrayal of jake barnes , i m thinking of the fishing scene , which conveys his loneliness , of the way he takes his friends to pamplona to try to share his passion for bullfighting , his thwarted love for brett . i would highly recommend this book for new comers to hemingway or those well read in the papa genre .
1			movie	suck	part	worst	family	boring	kid	little	me	wrong	remake	horrible	looked	awkward	sequel	ultimate	reasons	main	generation	next			piece of s . well i thought that part 3 was the worst in the series but then came along the next generation and it proved me wrong . here are reasons why i think the latest chainsaw movie sucks .1 wasn not even a sequel really , just a horrible very unscary remake of the original . 2 the family was so boring , they ate pizza ? ! ! aren not they cannibals ? 3 leatherface . if you have seen the movie then you will know what i mean . his mask didn not look like human skin just a piece of latex , he wore an army jacket at one point and later in the movie a dress ! he screamed like a little kid nonstop , he had long hair which looked awkward , this is just a few of the many many things i hated about this so called leatherface . 4 the annoying actors and actresses . 5 no gore whatsoever not even a drop of those are the 5 main reasons . don not even bother with this one . pretend it doesn not even exi st watch part 2 the ultimate sequel .
2			subjects	difficult	read	great	book	easy			great read ! this was a very well written , easy to understand book about subjects that can prove to be difficult . the author does an excellent job of integrating concepts from jung's synchronicity , quantum theory , and middle way buddhism . it's a great read for anyone who believes there's more to our universe than meets the eye .
1			effort	poor			well titled . i have loved duran for years , but this is a really poor effort . there is not a single catchy song to be found on the album . some of the songs are hard to even get through . it's a long way from the days of a view to a kill and rio .
2			thermometer	different	stool	loose	exam	annual	game	great			zoo vet rocks . it is a great game . the keepers alert you when the animals are behaving strangely . you have different tools thermometer , urine test , oral medication . when you succesfully complete each case , you will have a trophy . thre are many cases reindeer's annual exam , flamingo limping and a giraffee with loose stool . i learned a lot from this game . perfect game for vet becomers .
2			i	thrilled	item	great	travlers	little	item	little	travlers	best			great little item ! these little data travlers are just the best ! i went to visit relatives and took a bunch of pictures with me to show them . since most of the photos i have are digital , this was priceless ! now , i use it to back up documents and photos in case my computer goes down . and it fits in my wallet ! i m just thrilled with this .
2			story	great			this film is a waste of time and effort . what a dissapointment ! among other things , when the film opens it takes atleast 10 minutes to figure out where the story is taking place , and it depicts two meetings between mary and elizabeth that never happened ! historically very irresponsible ! don not waste your money . if you want to watch a great royal story and performance see anne of the thousand days starring burton and bujold .
2			gift	occasional	candle	great	it	pricey	friend	good			lovely . this is a great quality candle with amazing scent . . i bought this for my mom and even just sitting out without burning it gives a room a subtle scent . . it is a little pricey , but makes an excellent occasional gift . . to a good friend , or yourself .
2			cookies	free	cookies	great			enjoy life gluten free cookies are great . loved these cookies and everything i bought from enjoy life . saved more than $ 1 per box by buying from amaxon grocery
2			lengths	great	bunk	total	lengths	expensive			total bunk . schwartz goes to great and expensive lengths to demonstrate illusory correlation . illusory correlation is already well understood , so why does he do this ? considering all the facts , the simplest explanation is one of the following 1 gary schwartz , phd , has never heard of illusory correlation and so must have cheated his way through his psychology courses or 2 gary schwartz is a con man , colluding with the likes of john edward to con innocent people who have suffered tragedy in their decide .
2			tracks	best	dollar	best	cd	great			best deal i ever got . i bought this cd at a 99 store along with with evil mothers spider sex and car wrecks . after listening to cashcratix i wondered why gunjah never made it . best tracks here are hit me , cashcratix , gun , dna , crusin , and sick 2 death . if you love thrash metal you are really gonna like this . really buying this was the best dollar i have ever spent , i would have spent tweleve or even fifteen bucks on this great cd .
2			body	physical	book	great	look	great			great look of life between lives . great book ; a must read for others who are looking for answers about death ; who we really are soul instead of just a physical body and mind , the meaning of life and reincarnation .
2			riot	total	timing	brilliant	idea	great	racing	cool			side splitting hilarity ! my friends and i rented this movie the other night and were totally in stiches at the madcap hijinks of the film ! car racing is so cool and it's such a great idea to incorporate that theme into a comedy . hardly anything is funnier . jackie chan is a total riot ! jamie , who can say enough ! farrah faucet is a complete knock out and plays her part so well . her comic timing is brilliant ! burt reynolds is his sexy self , as usual . my friend karen liked it best when dom deluise was dressed up as his superhero alter ego . i would tell you what carlson's favorite moment was but then i would ruin the plot so i better keep it to myself . go out and rent this immediately or , better yet , buy a copy so you can watch it over and over again !
2			advice	great			helpful and funny . particularly love the writing style . very self effacing and engaging . he offers great advice for responding to the crazy behavior that teens exhibit . bought this copy for my husband so he could read it as i didn not want to part with mine !
1			author	good	typist	poor	material	accessible	i	surprised	points	important	font	small			good author , poor typist . i have been through the first few chapters of the book . although the material presented is very accessible and the questions are doable and related to the section they conclude . i am extremely surprised how poor is the typesetting used in producing the book . the identification used to mark important points is simply by italicizing them . this was barely useful for a book that uses a small size font . it gets even worse when you try to look for an exercise as you have to spend some time skimming line after line through the whole section till you find the exercise ! it might take a few minutes !
2			recording	fantastic	fan	new	range	fantastic	way	usual no	abilities	vocal	eder	essential	fan	old			essential eder . linda eder comes through once again with her wonderful broadway ablum . the songs she has chosen fully highlight her fantastic range from alto to soprano and her beautiful vocal abilities . one plus to her repetoire on this album is that she has chosen some well known songs and some not so well known . i especially like anthem from chess , her interpretation of edelweiss from the sound of music , unusual way from nine and the man of la mancha . fantastic recording and essential for any eder fan , new and old !
2			design	easy	design	basic	nephew	new	price	great	he	safe	conditions	good	designs	nice	material	good	others	similar	it	easy			love it ! it's at a great price compared to others similar . it's easy to use once you get the hang of it . i recommend this for older babies that already have head control even though it says you can for infants . the instructions it comes with are crude but it's a basic design that's easy to figure out . i started using it when my baby was round 6 months and it was comfy and easy to use for quick trips to the store or a stroll around the park . he started walking at 10 months so i don not really use it anymore but it's still in good conditions so i think my new nephew will inherit it ; it gets tiresome after more then an hour or two but i imagine most would . the designs are nice and the material is good . i found myself still semi carrying him and him clinging onto me but i did feel he was safe and in all , i definitely recommend this product and would buy it again . babies love being close to their mommies so this encourages bonding
1			operation	good	installation	easy	signal	poor			good operation for the price ! pros installation was easy , no jamming , always recovers itself after energy blackouts . cons poor signal across concrete homes . in such conditions you may need to get a repeter .
2			followers	great			could have been as good as the crows . great sounding second to top their first and best , but through the songs not only numb , whitewash , competion smile and till i hear it from you uk edition only they have produced an album worthy of being on all gin blossoms followers they broke could have been great
1			episode	awful	series	boring	season	entire	series	entire	i	excited	rest	bad			the 1 t episode of the season was awful . is the entire season like this ? i was excited that mad men was back , until i watched the first episode . if the entire series was this wooden and boring , it would have been cancelled after the pilot . episode one was poorly written , badly directed , and the actors seemed to be just going through the motions . if the rest of the season is this bad , you may want to think twice before plunking down your money . talk about not living up to the hype !
2			son	grand	product	great			great product . this book is helping my sister with teaching her grand son with letters . he loves it . i love to see him grow both physically and mentally and book help both .
1			it	confusing	it	difficult	subject	difficult no	book	bad			bad book . calculus is not a difficult subject but this book makes it difficult and confusing . i have to consult other resources in order to do well in class
1			killer	serial	acting	bad	character	likeable	it	hard			not one likeable character in the movie . the not likeable may be an overstatement but overall , it is hard to care about what happens or doesn not to any of movie's characters . the acting is bad , and the end unsatisfying not to mention the overall unplausibility of the plot . although one of the other one star reviewers suggested the movie was not clear as to who the serial killer was , i thought is was all too obvious . if you find yourself after 20 -30 minutes into the movie wondering whether you should keep watching , go with your gut & turn it off .
2			music	good	performers	great	fun	great	performers	black			loved it then and now . i saw this film when it first came out in the early 70 s with my wife in connecticut . we didn not know what we were getting into but this movie was great fun with non stop good music and featured richard pryor and other great black performers .
1			looked	bad			not so filter filter . looked really bad for a filter , putting a napkin inside the frame would have been better . but u get what u pay for .
2			i	satisfied no	songs	great	voice	great			unfortunately not pleased . i have to say that i am not satisfied with this album . i was hoping for a lot of upbeat , catchy tunes like a thousand miles but was let down . i agree that she can play the piano beautifully and has a great voice but the songs just aren not that great . michelle branch's album has more great songs on it than this one .
2			you	interested	struggles	personal	story	great	text	religious no	ms	young	it	exciting	level	high	jihad	modern			engaging read , outlines jihad culture . this is not the strategic analysis of jihad , not a religious text , but it is a great story about one man's life inside and outside of jihad over the years . i found it exciting to read and actually felt the author's discomforts and you are interested in learning a high level analysis of modern jihad , militant islam , read imperial hubris . this book partners well with that backdrop and steps inside the actual world of the training camps and breathes life into the personal struggles faced by many young musli ms
2			pouch	nice	bass	great	improvement	significant	bass	comfortable	it	short no	headphones	great			very comfortable and great bass ! these headphones are great ! there was a significant improvement in bass after you flip the switch , and it really vibrates and thumps . like any other headphones , your ears tend to get hot after a while , but its helpful when its nippy fold into a nice pouch that is included , along with airline adapter and 1 4 plug adapter . the 1 8 stereo plug itself tapers off until the end so its not too clunky , and can fit into ipods / mp 3 players that have a case or sleeve on it . there is a switch to turn the bass on and off , and a volume dial to change the amount of bass . the bass subwoofer uses 1 aa battery also included . don not know how long it lasts yet . on the bass control , there is a handy clip so you can clip it on your pocket , belt , pants , or backpack . cord is perfect length , not too long that it tangles , but not too short that you can not turn your head . great for movies , music , tv shows online , and gaming .
2			bracelet	classic	price	right	condition	good	it	great	watch	reliable	watch	old	watch	great	casio	old			old favorite casio digital watch . i have a 30 year old casio digital watch that has served me well . it keeps time better than any other watch or clock in our house . its crystal is very scratched , so i ordered the casio men's classic digital bracelet watch a 158 -1 from amazon to replace it . this watch is very much like my old watch , and appears to be just as reliable and accurate . what a great watch ! and the price is right too ! since it's digital , so it's great for geeks like me . as usual , amazon shipped it to me promptly and in good condition .
2			fan	great	drums	electronic			do not buy this cd . i should have carefully checked the reviews beforehand . i don not normally do because i like to form my own opinions but in this case i would have saved money and would not have been disapointed . i m a great fan of zz top and i wanted to complete my collection by adding their very earlier stuff like zztop's first album , rio grande mud and a disappointment ! ! who's the brilliant person that switched the drums with electronic drums or a drum machine ? ? man o man what a mistake to have screwed up such classics as these . what a waste , can i return my purchase ?
2			band	great			awesome . this is a great band with their own unique the vampire references ! ! first heard blah blah blah by them on youtube and i just needed to have their cd .
1			feature	best	lack	worst			many features some flawed , but amazing cu st service . this phone has more features than most cordless phones , although some of them are strangely designed . the truth is , no cordless phone is made nearly as well as the mobile phones we have all come to love . why this is so , i cannot say . however , as much as the siemens 415 pales in comparison to cell phones , it still is the closest of any cordless phone i have seen . there are some dumb design mistakes the mem button being the flash button and the lack of a headset jack being the worst , but as i said , in comparison to other cordless phones this one is tops . the best feature , though , is their customer service . almost no hold time , and both reps i spoke to knew everything about their phones . this was a refreshing change from most cu st service reps i speak to who seem to know less than me . i can not say enough about how good they were .
2			sound	great	microphone	horrible	microphones	superior	microphones	basic			great sound , horrible microphone . i recently purchased this product for skype calling . the sound is great on the ear phones . however the microphone is horrible . i basically have to yell for someone to hear me . i have had several other basic cheap stand alone microphones which were vastly superior . just pass on this product .
2			experiences	great	brasher	attractive	officer	new	profile	low			gritty realism . michael connelly is an amazing author . he brings the dark side of life into view without losing the gritty edge of reality of his characters . harry bosch is a detective in l . a . who takes on an investigation of a dead child from years past when a bone turns up on a hillside . he pursues the case , determined to discover the name of the child , the circumstance of his life and cause of his death . he discovers abandonment , alcoholism and abuse , but can he discover what actually occurred ? in the process of his search for answers he meets a fellow officer , new to the department , who seems to bring light to his life . julia brasher is interesting , attractive and has an interesting past full of great experiences , but what drives her to be a detective ? while bosch tries to keep the case low profile , the case takes on a life of it's own and the media gets involved . then things get out of is another tremendously told tale by connelly , and the ending is not what you expect !
2			way	great	taste	classical	music	general	hymns	classic			wonderful , musical , inspired . my taste in general music is predominantly classical , but i treasure this . fernando ortega's mellow , lyric style here always warms my soul and blesses me . my favorite is probably the love song margee ann , but i also love his treatment of classic hymns like be thou my vision . added in may 2003 about three years later since hearing this cd , which was our first exposure to fernando's music , my wife and i have become ardent fans and have bought most of his other cds as well , and heard him once in concert . our appreciation of his work continues to grow , and we heartily recommend this and his other recordings . i often pop some fernando in my car's cd player on the way to or from work a great way to set my mood for the day , and to relieve the stress of the afternoon commute .
2			thing	negative	seller	great			nappy hair ! the seller was great received the package within a few days . manikin looks like the pic there's several grey hairs through out the manikins head . the hair is too nappy to handle for me . it's so nappy you can not really style the manikin's hair that the only negative thing i will say about this product .
2			interest	little	lines	great	sitcom	greatest			the simpsons rule , but mustard plug . . lets be honest here i know next to nothing about mustard plug and i have little interest in finding out more . judging from the other customer reviews , i would guess they are a bunch of overly pretentious , 'serious punks or maybe thats just their fans . the only redeeming factor for me is the title man its really funny ! its one of the great lines from the greatest sitcom of all time , the simpsons . i would advise purchasers to buy songs in the key of springfield instead , because its likely to bring a broad smile to your face and make you laugh . and , of course , isnt laughter the language of the soul . .
2			history	rich	read	great	book	great			great book . this book is a great read and tells the rich history of a brigade of men who fought and died for the union cause
1			schools	high	waste	real	movie	real	movie	worst	school	high	movies	worst	i	bored no			the best worst movie ! homewreckerthis is one of the worst movies i have had the sad priviledge to unfortunately buy ! the plot is pure kindergarten material . the actors sorry for those who really are , are not even of the high school level as i have seen better in one of those high schools ! really ! i am not mentioning anything about the quality of the pictures and decor . i was not only bored , but my sense of being taken for a ride was at it's peak , and constantly ringing the bell ! what a real waste of money and time ! want something reeeeeeally good ? try la cage aux folles or brokeback mountain ! that is real movie , and there are many more to choose from ! save your money !
2			collection	real	fight	final	collection	best	collection	great	games	great			this is a great collection . arcade perfect ports of mercs , final fight , forgotten world , ghouls & ghosts , bionic commando , street fighter 2 & many more . i would have paid over $ 20 just for an arcade perfect port of final fight or mercs . we finally have it & it will cost us less then $ 1 many great games on this collection . 22 games from capcom , just wow ! this is the second best collection in the market today , only bested by taito legends . don not waste your money on the midway or namco collections . if you want to get a real great collection , then get this capcom classics collection or my favorite the taito legends collection . you will get over 50 games between these 2 collection & most of these games are great , not like some of the other collections i can name .
2			impressions	historical	format	innovative	material	great			great reference material . book has many fine pictures , and an innovative format , highlighting multiple photographers capturing a wide variety of churches worldwide . clear , hi definitition pictures of one church are followed by archived material , giving a full range of historical impressions of these fine churches . nearly a masterpiece .
2			movie	great	movies	great	actors	greatest	movies	classic			they don not make great classic movies like this any more . trail of robin hood is a great movie with roy rogers and my favorite actresses is penny edwards . i feel all these movies need to come out into theatres again so people can take a step back in time to remember and see the greatest actors & actresses in the world .
2			ideas	good	recipes	great			a must for any home and garden lovers in the pacific nw . i like this magazine for it's features on everything northwe st since i live in the nw , i like that it has good ideas for vacations places that are nearby . i also love the photos of the homes and gardens they showcase . the magazine has great recipes as well . i have bought this magazine as a gift for friends who move to the pacific northwest and it is much appreciated .
1			argument	central	authenticity	ethnic	it	nice	syrup	great no	fructose	high			the calories that kill us . what i like about glassner's book it's nice to see something countering the over the top hand wringing about obesity / frankenfood / trans fats . aren not we living longer and more halthfully than ever before in human history ? there's an awful lot of hysteria about food that doesn not seem to make sense . a food police apologist holds forth on how high fructose corn syrup is lethal . fat , sugar , aspartame kill ! hyperbole much ? high fructose corn syrup might not be great for us , but it's not lethal . moderation is probably better than beating yourself for eating a slice of cake . or gasp ! eating half a cake over the course of one 's not to like ? the book tries to cover too much ground . while i enjoyed the chapters about ethnic authenticity , i think they deflated his central argument about food , which is that you aren not what you eat . you are a creature who must eat and you are a creature who will eventually die . food is not medicine .
2			solution	great	areas	private			a great solution ! a friend turned me on to hibicleans when i had a skin sensitivity to deoderants . i apply hibicleans with a washcloth , leave on the area for about 30 to 45 seconds , and it kills odor causing bacteria , usually for the next 24 to 48 hours . i works wonders , is good on private areas , too , and no more rash !
1			tune	good	spectrum	great no	thing	real	others	empty	move	wrong	atempt	poor	guys	nice	atempt	ok			just buy stereolab . ok well i gave this cd a try , wrong move . if you want this kinda of sound , just buy stereoloab , it's the real thing . broadcast throws too much weird keyboard sounds that really don not sound anything but out of place . the atempt is ok , but the full spectrum is not great . the book lovers is a good tune , it's about the only song you can really absorb , the others are quite empty and a poor atempt to sound spacey . i would nt buy anthing else from this band . nice try guys , but no cig .
2			reminder	great			timer . this is great . does not make a ticking sound and the timer gets louder and louder so you don not forge to turn it off . great reminder .
2			i	great			inconsistant . i have three of these batteries for my camera , and two work great . one however doesn not . i bought two of the three aftermarket . one of which i am mentioning here . the capacity / charge time seems to be very inconsistant between the same exact battery . something to watch out for .
2			book	little	picker	little	tellers	great	picker	great			great little picker upper . love this little book . the photos are great story tellers and illustrate each mood effectively . awesome gift to give someone to make them smile ! !
1			switch	hard	model	durable	luck	bad			broke after only a few uses . this worked very well for a few uses ; however , the on / off switch was always very hard to move , as though it was jammed or something . eventually the switch just broke off . now it can not be turned on and is essentially unusable . this might just have been bad luck ; still , i will definitely go for a more durable model next time .
2			size	old	aspect	physical	book	great			adding examplets made a 5 star book a 5 -1 2 star book . i have been using the 1998 edition literally all the time and found it to be indispensible to any java task . it becomes more so as you use only problem i have is the actual physical aspect of the book . i preferred its old compact size and the paper texture but apart from that this is a great book that got greater .
2			details	great	setup	great	season	final	season	great	moments	great	it	clear			great season ; character is destiny ; great setup for season 7 . season 6 was great , though frustratingly short . but it was clear from the start that it was the set up for whatever the final season is going to bring . i will also say that season 6 is much better on the 2 d and 3 d viewings there are some great details , subtleties , and setups that i didn not catch the first time through . and there are the usual numbers of great 'shield moments .
2			rock	celtic	rock	great			pass the earplugs please ! thank goodness that amazon lets the public review music for the sake of saving others from this fate worse than death . do yourself a favor , if you want to hear great celtic rock , get a wolfstone album , get a brother album , get a rock salt and nails album . do not support these imposters !
2			scenes	cool	moment	great	swerve	nice	guy	married			worthy of repeat viewings . ignore completely the terribly slanted review of the . . writer and the top of this page . this movie is laoded with side splitting scenes . its basically a light hearted looking at the scamming side of dating and each character is pretty darn hillarious . over exaggerated yes but the diner scenes are cool and the scene where the sensitive musician enters amanda peet's apartment to find the other two guys fighting over her just tickles my funny bone pink ! then when the married guy approaches amanda peete in her apartment complaining that she broke up their guy bonding meetings is another great moment . the ending where amanda peete is holding court is a nice swerve as there are plenty of lady players out there . for a dose of fun pick this one up .
2			people	familiar	video	great	shiva	beautiful	system	amazing	it	worth			the best there is . i am an exercise / yoga / video fanatic and based on the reviews gave this dvd a try . it was well worth it . shiva is beautiful , eloquent , and precise in her methods . the matrix system is amazing , and over time you are able to create your own workout to target certain areas of the body , to warm or cool the body , to work out or to destress . this is a great video for those of us who want to have a dvd that will grow with us , and challenge us , along the way to full fitness and full flexibility . out of all the yoga dvds that i have , this is the one that i use everyday , and i am toning my stomach like never before and my thighs , which i cant say happened with some other yoga dvds . definetely a video for people semi familiar with yoga may be too overwhelming for beginners .
2			literature	real	background	great	building	great	novel	typical	novel	civil	stories	short	background	historical			couldn not get through the first half . this book just doesn not have the feel and the raw emotion that can be found from the typical civil war / lincoln novel . it also lacks any great historical background . while those fallacies could be made up for with great character building and liteary wit , those cannot be found in this novel of short stories . these fictional short stories will leave you with a longing for real literature . in fact , i found myself reading along and realizing nothing was happening .
2			children	young	book	great			how much will he eat ? this is a great book for young children . the illustrations have a unique style , that are accurate and follow the text very well . the book helps the children ask question such as how much can he eat ? and i wonder what he will eat next . the story maintain an even flow , of building on what happened in the page before hand . the book takes the children on wonderous adventure making them think what food will he eat , and how much more will eat before he is full . it also follows the sequence of nature to add to the children's learning .
2			songwriter	superior	cd	great	he	huge no			another great cd from wes ! this guy is a superior singer / songwriter . too bad he's not huge , he deserves to be ! this cd almost never leaves my car cd player !
2			scene	open	film	great	use	good	end	high	movie	perfect			impressive in every way . this movie is near perfect . i found myself watching with my mouth open scene after scene . it is a great demo film for high end home theaters and it had good use of 3 . i highly recommend it .
2			groups	great	groups	vocal	compilation	great	singles	great	harmonizing	great			wonderful compilation for one the the 70 great soul groups . this is a great compilation , probably the best of many that has been released on the group . the sound quality is pristine , so you get to here the great four part harmonizing made famous by the group on such classics as have you seen her and oh girl . if there is any quibble , it's that the great singles i like your lovin do you like mine and a lonely man are strangely not included . other than that , wonderful hits from one of the 70 must underrated soul vocal groups .
2			wheels	hot	it	great			nephew loves it ! i was concerned about all the water / mess involved with this toy , but my 2 1 2 year old nephew loves to take this in the bathtub with him every evening and play with it during his bath . when he is not bathing , he and his older brother will put it on a towel and play with it together . they also play with it using just the hot wheels no water and enjoy that as well . thier mom thinks it's great ! ! i highly recommend this toy for busy boys with hot wheels . buy with confidence !
2			they	great	mess	huge			leaks , leaks , leaks . what more can i say ? these bottles leak all over the place . i switched to dr brown's , and they have been great . no leaks , and my son spits up less . do not buy avent bottles and nipples they leak like crazy , and cause a huge mess .
2			mats	available	they	thick	look	great			better than expected . since oem mats are no longer available for my 02 vehicle i ordered these from amazon . they look great and are thick enough that they should be long lasting . the non slip backing works . they stay in place . i strongly recommend them .
2			buy	great	rounder	great	prints	good	seems	quick	it	easy			great buy and cheap to run . i have had hp and epson in the past and the epson's are much cheaper to run . i decided on this model and with rebates from epson and costco , i got it for $ bargain . it is easy to set up , produces good quality prints and it seems fairly quick as well . if you want a home printer to do text and photo printing the 880 is a great all rounder .
2			quality	high	job	great			don not waste money . . on the monster hype and high price quality . there are hdmi cables for $ 15 here at amazon that do a great job . i have this cable and it's given me nothing but trouble and the fact that hdmi cable technology is not consumer ready though they shove it down our throats .
2			movie	great	features	great	features	special			great movie amazing on bluray ! 25 h anniversary special features are great ! one of mel brooks funniest movies that still makes me laugh years after first seeing it !
1			they	scary	fan	big	guys	good	nightmares	bad			way too scary ! my name is taylor and i am a big scooby fan . i really wanted santa to bring this movie to me for christmas . he did and i have never been so scared . i had really bad nightmares and i am to scared to go anywhere in the house by myself . even though the zombies were good guys they were too scary for me . i think kids should know this and be 29 before they watch this scooby doo .
1			gain	poor			please don not endanger your baby by using this book . this book advocates the establishment of strict control over an infant by the parents , including letting the baby cry it out , and strict feeding schedules . the aap american academy of pediatrics advises strongly against scheduling feedings for newborns as it may lead to poor weight gain , dehydration , and failure to thrive . gary ezzo does not have any medical background , and makes a number of misleading medical statements in this book . in fact , the church where ezzo established the babywise practice has seperated itself from ezzo . babies need love , care , and closeness to their parents , not distance and scheduling . please safeguard your baby's health by using the advice of your pediatrician or other medical professional , and not ezzo's .
2			product	great	road	numerous	states	united	information	useful			garmin topo the united states 2008 . we are relative newbies to gps . we purchase a garmin nuvi 650 for the numerous road trips we go on 4 wheel drive adventures at and on the way to the destinations . this product fills in the blank screen when we off road with useful information that we previously lacked . for the money it is a great product that we welcome into our jeeping experience .
1			printing	poor	library	entire	quality	lyrical			magnificent stories , poor printing . faulkner's collected stories paperback edition are excellent works of literature . they have a lyrical quality and depict bold characters . this collection of stories is my favorite of my entire library . however , i originally purchased this book in april 2011 but found the printing rather smudged and many of the words were lighter than the rest of the text . i am ordering another copy of the paperback edition with hopes that the problem has been resolved . i will report back .
2			it	heavy	product	great	ms	proble			great product . i am writing this review because i always check reviews before buying any product . we ordered this product because we bought several mounts for our garmin but when we transfer them between cars , they lose suction and fall off the windscreen . this product sits on your dashboa rd it works great . we live in a hilly area and have taken it on several trips ranging up to 2 hours one way with no proble ms it sits on the dashboard and has never fallen off . it is kind of heavy but we don not care . it works great for us and we can easily move it between vehicles without any problem . i didn not give it a five star because we have only had it for about 4 months and because it is not lightweight
1			movie	good no	one	worst	acting	predictable	talent	real	unbreakable	awful	movie	scary no	children	ok	sense	ok	girl	little	girl	funny	acting	boring	it	hard			worthless . this is not a good movie . i m telling you , if you buy it you won not like it . night shamalyan is not a movie director . the sixth sense was ok , unbreakable was awful , and this was the worst one yet it didn not even have bruce willis in it . mel gibson's acting is boring and predictable in this movie , and it's hard to like a character joaquin phoenix plays after seeing gladiator . the children are ok in this movie and the little girl is sometimes funny , but they dont have any real talent . let's get one thing straight , also , this movie is not scary ! watching a flashlight roll around on the ground is not scary . i don not know how someone watched this movie and thought that it was a winner . don not buy it . please . just don not . trust me .
2			replacement	great			great replacement and fast . this product was a delivered quickly and was a perfect replacement for the oem part . my only complaint was that i ordered two and had to pay double shipping and handling .
2			inflation	awesome			awesome . i bought this inflatable bed based on the reviews has beaten my expectations . the built in pump works great and it doesn not take long before the bed is , it stays inflated . we have kept it in our living room for almost a month now as a couch until our furniture will arrive . during this period we also had a guest sleeping on it for 10 days . i had to inflate it very shortly 2 times . i have slept on other inflatable beds that required inflation during the bed is awesome . only minus is i expected and ordered the bed to arrive in black , but it was army green . i can live with that .
2			maker	new	looks	great	holder	easy	features	positive	review	good	controls	friendly	coffee	great			good review from coffee lover . i disagree with many of the other people reviewing this coffee maker . i buy a new coffee maker about every six to nine months because i am fussy about coffee quality and features . first and foremost , this maker brews an excellent pot of coffee . and , it's stylish looks are great on the kitchen counter . it got my four stars based on coffee quality alone . now a couple of the insignificant negatives that resulted in 4 instead of 5 stars . the time setting , and controls could be much easier to use and more user friendly . the carafe could pour better , although after a few uses i now know how to use the carafe without trashing the kitchen counters . there that's it two negatives , both of which after using the maker for a while , i will get used to . the positive features , such as the removable water tank , the easy to use and clean filter holder , top access , design and the great coffee make this a coffee maker i would reccomend to anyone .
2			artists	nice	study	great	sorcerers	classic			classic sorcerers . although somewhat an antique in illustrations that pushed the envelope , its still nice to reflect back on artists and theirmode of operation . being an artist myself , i understand the muse of the imagination and creativity . i only wish thebook was a bit longer for me to enjoy . but nonetheless the artistry here is superb and highly recommended . hidden gem for sure that any who find it can enjoy with child like glee . great study on each artist highlighted aswell .
1			book	stupid	reviews	bad	reviews	good			just stories , not a how to book . im very pissed that i wasted my money on this , from what i read in the description it seemed to imply that this is a how to book but soon as i got it in the mail to no suprise it was just a bunch of stories , i feel imbarrised that even for a second i thought this might be real and is the only reason i don not demand my money back , unless they remove the part of the title on how to guide i feel it should be removed from all sites and for the remaining books to be tossed into a fire . because of this stupid book i wasted i don not know how many days waiting for it when i could of been doing something more productive which would be anything other than reading this book again ill say they should not call it a how to book on how to teleport when thats not at all what it is , and im not the kind of person who usually posts reviews bad or good , but this pissed me off so much that i had to be one of those people who write these mean reviews
2			it	cute	light	nice	light	great	books	detailed			great light read . i bought this book for something to read while i m waiting on some of my favorites to come out . i liked this book , it made me laugh . i thought it was cute . it was a nice light read after so many books that are intense and detailed . i will most likely buy the rest of her nerdy books . i enjoyed the characters also . eunice and her
2			it	frustrating	map	bad no	map	large			cut down version of boulder longmont map . rand mcnally makes a map called boulder & longmont and another map called boulder . they are the same map , same scale , except that the boulder map is cut smaller and just has boulder and is laminated onto plastic . i guess this might be better if you never leave boulder and are incapable of folding a map , but for the same price you might as well get boulder & longmont map . it's not a bad map but i was hoping to find a large scale map showing more detail and easier to read . the scale is one inch 0.50 miles . it's frustrating that amazon doesn not require that maps specify their scale before you buy them .
2			actors	great	i	lucky	movie	emotional			this is a must watch movie . i first saw this movie when i was 18 my bf and i rented the video tape and watched iti cried so hard and the end it is a very emotional movie all the actors are great and you just want to wring that girls is about a lie that had just a grain of truth to it . i was lucky enough to see the play when i was in san ending is very sad but true in most cases of some who question their sexuality .
2			jargon	technical	english	clear	book	little	book	great			great little book . this book is written in clear , understandable english and no technical jargon . where terms need definition or explanation , they are kept simple and concise . where appropriate , simple examples are you want to have a better understanding of bonds , the bond market and how the bond market works , this is the book !
2			truths	spiritual	type	satisfied	edition	fantastic	layout	superb			thrilled ! this is a terrific bible . nasb is a conservative , literal , trustworthy translation . thompson's is a wonderous system for tying together spiritual truths . the page layout is superb , lots of room for notes . the study helps are tremendously comprehensive ; you could spend a lifetime exploring them . the presentation is elegant . it would hve been nice if the the spine were hubbed , but that's a trivial critique . this is a fantastic edition of the bible . unless you are the type who's never satisfied with anything , you will not be disappointed with this one .
1			it	horrible	conditioning	worst	conditioner	normal	mess	huge			worst conditioning experience ever ! my normal conditioner changed their formula , so i was on the hunt for another . i chose this and the antipoof , because i have both conditions . i have never had a worse conditioning experience than i did today . i have super thick , super curly hair and this didn not even touch it . in fact , it made it worse . i couldn not finger through my hair in the shower like i normally do . it made my hair more tangled than before i added it and turned it into a huge knotted mess ! the more i added , the worse it got . i just had to give up , rinse it out and pull out some leave in and went at it with a pick ! ! it was horrible !
2			yumminess	short	treat	great	something	new			short lasting yumminess . well , after debating over whether or not i should get these for a few months , i finally went ahead and did it . two of my three dogs are allergic to beef , one is also allergic to chicken and grains . so i figured that i would try something new to keep them busy , hoping the rawhide part in the title meant the treats would last awhile . just for reference , one dog is 90 bs , one is a 75 b pup , and the other is a 60 b pup . their nicknames are the destroyers . as soon as i took the treats out , they were all over me , and when i gave them each a piece , they ran off to munch . the larger two were done within 30 seconds . i m not even sure they chewed , actually . the smaller dog took about 3 -4 minutes with hers . the treats did not seem to upset their stomachs , which is a fir st so if your dog sounds like any of mine , don not expect these yams to last long , but they are still a great hypoallergenic treat that your dog will love .
2			toy	great	it	late			not made in usa . i purchased this item because it was listed under the made in usa toys heading . and while it may be a great toy , it is not made in the usa . it's from china i haven not given it to my grandchild yet and i wouldn not have purchased it had i known it wasn not made here . it's too late to make another christmas purchase so it will be under the tree and as i said my grandchild will probably enjoy it but , made in usa should mean just that ! i only gave one star in each catagory because of the deceptive way it is listed . it may be a great toy i haven not given it yet .
2			ugh	great	look	humorous			boring , condescending and just plain irritating . oh i get it . slacker is tongue in cheek for oh muffy , you are doing a great job ugh give me a break . i don not really know any moms who read parenting books . i guess the world is full of them and they are all judging me . hm i say who cares ? all do the best we can . this borrowed thank goodness book infuriated me and i didn not crack a smile once . more of a biography of her family and home life . she didn not really talk about parenting all that much just herself . i recommend erma bombeck like others have said or david sedaris for a real humorous look at life .
2			guys	good	detail	great			entertaining read without effort . if you are looking for an entertaining read where you don not have to think very much , then this book might be for you . it has great detail but your belief system has to be put at bay when reading most of the science fiction , which there is more than needed ; one man is fed by a tree root for almost a year . there was no mystery about any of the characters as they all turned out just as you thought they would when they were first introduced ; none of the good guys turned out to be a villain . i would not classify it as a thriller since a lot of the plot was predicable , but it will keep your attention .
2			workout	good	video	great			cute workout video . very easy to follow and i love the way it is broken down my trimester . i got a very good workout but wasn not exhausted or overcooked at the end . great video !
2			ability	wonderful	unit	great	ergonomics	good			headset doesn not last . the ergonomics are good , the handset unit is great , the ability to place the transmitter anywhere in your house is wonderful , but if you are buying this phone because you need a headset , look elsewhere . why ? because the quality of plastic used in the construction of the headset is unbelievably poor . after less than two months of usage , approximately three hours a day , by a single adult user , the headset band support on this phone has cracked .
1			cliche	predictable	book	worst			worst book i have ever read . i am a voracious reader and this has to be the all time worst book ever written . if this author used one more adverb i was going to hurl . if you enjoy super mushy descriptions and extremely predictable cliche would writing this is the book for you . if you are even a semi well read person you will toss this book in the nearest trashcan . the irony of this whole disaster is it's about a woman's bookclub ! if any of the women in this novel's bookclub had picked out this book for their reading i m certain none of them would even have the stomach to finish it . leo tolstoy and the other author's novels mentioned in this book must be turning over in their graves .
1			design	poor	one	good	they	great	indents	big	wheel	difficult	batteries	easy no	size	good	wheel	bad			lousy hard to scroll , no way to power off . i have used microsoft mice in the past and they have been great , but this one is good it's shape and size are good , it's precise and it came with 2 alkaline batteries aa . the bad scroll wheel is difficult to turn because the click indents are too big . you tend to accidentally click it instead because you have to press down a bit to get enough grip to turn the wheel . and there's no way to turn the mouse off except by removing the batteries , and the batteries are not easy to take out . poor design .
1			author	poor	job	good	allusions	literary			elegy for reader is a more accurate title . though well written and fabulously voiced with vivid literary allusions , this book fails to be moving , or even meet its perceived goals and objectives . it is not an elegy for iris , as the title implies , but a long , drawn out lamentation for poor author john bayley . the book does a good job of making a chronicle of bayley's and murdoch's life together , but does not immortalize or draw sympathy for iris . bayley sadly neglects his wife's battle's with alzheimer's disease , lacking creativity and imagination in describing her endeavors and battle with the illness , and instead focuses on how great their past was . i am oh so impressed with bayley's education and iris's genius , but felt the book was condescending to the reader , unfocused , and a disgrace to the struggles of iris and john under the harsh consequences of a deadly disease .
1			it	dry	quality	bad			very bad quality . i did not like it one bit . i tried making rice using the water ratio differently each time and it still did not give the proper texture . either it was too dry or too mushy . i own a panasonic rice cooker which works perfectly just that the container has lost its nonstick coating . wass hoping ot replace it but i guess i will have to look elsewhere this didnot work for me
2			malt	regular	i	happy	stuff	great			great stuff ! i was so happy to find this on amazon . i checked several stores that i used to purchase this product and no one had just the regular malt flavor , only the fish , etc flavor which my kitty does not like . she absolutely loves this stuff . received this product very quickly from the vendor and i will be ordering again . i like that it was a larger tube than what i was normally purchasing .
2			lady	old	railroad	new	nnieghbor	next	mansionto	old	passageway	old	deal	great			the hidden stair . in this story nancy's father is working on a case with the new railroad . a man named willie wharton has bought property from the railroad . now a man named nathan gomber is helping willie on getting more money for his property . really nathan is leading him into a great deal of trouble with the law . nathan and willie find an old passageway that leads form one old mansionto the next door nnieghbor's mansoin . the two men use this passageway to haunt an old lady by the name of mrs flora and her daughter aunt rosemary . what the two women didn not know was that the men were entering through a secret passageway in the attic . willie wharton and nathan gomber and also kidnapped , nacy's father , mr drew . they haunted twin elms mansion to try to get mrs flora to sell out on her daughter . they also kidnapped her father so that she might stay away from twin elms so they could follow through with their plan . this is an exellent book ! ! ! ! ! !
2			collection	classical	addition	great	album	worth			on kindle / computer to listen to music . this album is well worth the download and minimum cost to own . would suggest this to all listeners and is a great addition to classical russian music collection .
1			books	bad	pie	classic	boom	huge			this movie is for kids , don not believe the reviews . we are in the middle of a huge teen population boom in america right now so media companies are all producing teen oriented movies , tv , music , kinda like the 1950 s baby boom . unfortunately because of this boom we are subjected to one insipid re worked re booted teen movie after another . example this generation thinks american pie is a classic . the hunger games is one of those movies . honestly the first book was just o . k . the second and third books are just horribly bad . and are currently being made into movies as well but hey , if you love twilight / selena gomez , justin beiber , lagy gag ga , mtv , micheal bay , boy bands , reality tv and everything else this generation produces you will love the hunger games . a lot .
2			they	great	boxes	awesome	they	affordable	look	cheap			snap n store dvd storage boxes . these storage boxes are awesome ! they are affordable , but don not look cheap . the packaging says that they will hold 26 dvds , but i was able to easily fit a couple more . they are great to put on shelves or just stack on top of each other .
2			cutoff	great	guys	great	noise	low	mic	great	godsend	total			a total godsend for me . an incredibly accurate mic with low noise and a great cutoff . right out of the box and into a friends canon avchd via a hosa xlr to 1 8 in adapter and i was rocking with excellent quality , even in a super noisy room . i was still able to hear my subject beautifully without almost any white not delay , buy now . do not buy the cheaper the models , you will want to shoot yourself . pay the money for a great and very handy mic . i will probably still pick up an hn 4 but for now , i can at least be productive without having to worry about embarrassing myself infront of my clients . thank you for making such a great tech tool guys !
2			guys	alive	miracle	small	fan	huge	it	easy	book	great	it	hard			to hell and back . amazing book . i was never a huge chili peppers fan but respect them all much more after reading about all the hellish experiences and issues they dealt with to get to where they are now . at points anthony takes the words right out of your head and puts them on a page , if you have ever experienced something similar to what he talks about . it's a small miracle these 4 guys are all still alive and making music is a great , engaging book . it was hard to put down and easy to spend hours upon hours reading .
1			buyers	potential	information	new	effort	poor	it	difficult	i	mad	stuff	specific	information	little			confusing and poorly written . a re hashed book with a poor effort to update for digital photography . i found it very difficult to read . there was very little new information for any serious amateur , for example what is a pixel ? and other useless tidbits for anyone who has some experience which i m assuming is the target audience . there was only one chapter where i found any new information . if you are looking for film specific stuff , this might be your book ; it has thousands of development time charts , paper type references and other film centric information . my guess is that most of the potential buyers are using digital . i was mad at myself that i wasted so much time trying to wade through this book . save your money , read ansel adam's the negative to hear it in the master's words and then search the internet for any of the well written papers on the digital zone system search on chuck gardner digital zone system for a favorite .
1			man	naked	name	bad	dialog	poor	women	naked	they	attractive no	porn	soft	picnic	french			don not even woof at this dog ! this is the kind of film that gives soft porn a bad name . a juvenile plot , poor dialog , and wooden acting ed wood movies are better produced . yes there's several naked women and a naked man , but except for valerie they are not very attractive , and completely un erotic . don not waste your money this french picnic needed more bread and wine and much less cheese !
2			amount	great			memories of christmas . this is an excellent christmas album that takes you back in time to childhood . its a fun upbeat album that varies in its songs and has a great amount of song variety . i love how this albun always reminds me of my mom when i was a kid . old fashioned music at its best !
1			quality	poor	inhalers	individual	store	local	chains	little	design	different	inhalers	loose	ends	sharp			sub standard for proctor & gamble . what i received was not what was pictured . the 12 inhalers were not packaged as shown , but were loose in a cardboard box . the box was closed , but not sealed . the individual inhalers were also not sealed in any way . can not recall the last time i purchased anything that was taken internally that didn not have a tamper proof seal ! the design of the product was different as well . they had a very cheesey key chain attached to the top . the little chains are very poor quality , as are the o rings securing them to the product cap . the rings appeared to have been squished closed with pliers , leaving them in the shape of a jesus fish , with two sharp ends the quality that i m used to from proctor & gamble , and isn not what was advertised . according to the box , this product was made in india . i will buy my pharmaceuticals from the local drug store in the future .
2			quality	phenomenal	they	great	details	little	quality	high			fantastic ! i had a pair of these for about 2 years and used them constantly . i did end up abusing them a bit and had the busted one of the earbuds . i immediately purchased another pair , they are just that great ! they block out more outside noise than most of those gigantic headphones , and they fit in you pocket ! the audio quality of these earbuds is phenomenal and you will notice you hear little details and nuances in the music that you had never noticed before . the price may be a little steep for some but if you really want high quality sound purchase these earbuds .
2			sound	great	picture	great	product	fantastic			flawed product . we have bought and returned two of these in the past month . first let me say the sound and the picture are great . we were disappointed when it began freezing up and was unable to load discs . we returned it and bought another , thinking maybe ours was just a lemon . within 1 hour of use , we had the same problem . would be a fantastic product if it was not for this , but buyer beware . not worth the hassle .
1			movie	bad	actors	worst	it	terrible	you	happy	movies	bad	story	good	stunts	big	actors	real	explosions	big			this movie is bad ! i was able to see this movie in europe for free and let me just say it was terrible ; big explosions , and big stunts are the only dosis you will be getting , because as far as a good story or a bit of acting is concerned not a chance ! unless showing off your muscles every second can be call diesel is one of the worst actors i have ever seen , i wish hollywood would give a chance to real actors who are just waitingfor the opportunity . please don not allow this to continue , bad movies must be stopped once and for this movie if it makes you happy but don not be another victim , or worst yet another supporter of this movie .
2			quality	great			an oldie but a goodie . a very engaging movie . not for those wanting escapist entertainment . similar to catch 22 in its requirement to keep up with the play . the quality of the photography and the music score were great . well worth the money if 1980 drama and suspense are your thing .
2			scenarios	gross	it	black	movie	good	st	great			pointless . this movie was made solely to gross out the audience . it doesn not have meaning or anything redeeming to it . all it is is gross scenarios made to make you squirm and possibly barf . it's completely black and white until feces show up . so it's black and white with some brown when the poo comes into play . i guess this movie would be good for someone who is exactly like the guy in the movie who is torturing this collection of people . the only thing i can think of to say as far as this movie's point of existence is if you want to test your ability to hold in barf , this is a great te st other than that , you would just be twisted to find meaning in , or worse , have respect for , its existence .
2			sound	great	it	compact	speaker	little	speaker	great			great little speaker . i really like this speaker . it puts out great sound and is very compact . i like the way the usb cord is retractable and how the cover has a slot for for the cable to come out of . the sound is more than acceptable for the price .
2			recipes	great	results	best			surpassed my expectations . as a traditionalist , i was dubious about whether this machine would make ice cream with a truly home made taste & texture . the recipes are great and the results are consistent . be sure to freeze the container at least 12 hours longer than recommended for best results .
1			quality	poor	they	similar	i	wrong			lids were very poor quality . i purchased this pyrex set thinking they would be similar to an older set of pyrex i own , and i was wrong . while the glass parts were the same , the lids are much thinner and half of the lids came deformed . i was able to snap the rectangular lids on just fine , but have yet to actually be able to use any of the circular the future i will purchase any pyrex physically so i can make sure the lids aren not unusably bad .
2			tv	modern	look	good	ratio	original	quality	poor	look	fine	concert	great	concert	fantastic			fantastic concert marred by poor video quality . artistically this concert is great , but all i can say is that i hope someday it is released on blu ray , properly upconverted to 16 9 do not miss the note on the back concert footage restored , re edited and presented in its original 4 3 aspect ratio . unfortunately what this really means is that it really doesn not look very good on a modern hd widescreen tv the video is very grainy , and displays letterboxed as standard def . i have a lot of other standard def concerts that look fine when played on an upconverting dvd player , but this one just is not one of them .
2			kettle	great	i	glad	reviews	negative	product	good	i	happy	kettle	little	water	hot			great little kettle . i was hesitant to purchase this because of some negative reviews but i m glad i decided to go ahead and try it ! it's just the right size for traveling , the water heats up very quickly and shuts off just after it boils . there was a plasticky smell at first , but it disappeared after i ran it 2 -3 times . the only negative is that the cord could be longer and the water is extremely hot , be careful when you take that first sip ! good product and i m happy with it so far !
1			it	funny no	i	surprised	decision	bad	they	funny	jokes	new no			there are better ways to spend your time . i bought this book because of its 5 star rating . bad decision . it's just not funny . i m surprised that some people may laugh at this nonsense . the jokes are not that new . if you watch jay leno you don not need to bother reading this book because it seems like all of the one liners are right out of the monologue . maybe they were funny the first time , but for now , i would skip this book .
2			movie	fantastic			absolutely fantastic movie ! loved the movie , wished that i went to see it in theaters would have been worth every dollar . i wish everyone could see this movie , so they could understand what the people in the military sacrifice every day for our protection .
1			book	recent	bridge	golden	leads	romantic	writing	bad	book	weak	story	short	school	high			old and tired . this short story isn not worth the paper it's printed on . i only happended to buy it because of the golden gate bridge on the cover . the book was very weak in plot development , character depth , scene descriptions , etc cassidy and colin the two romantic leads could have been developed much more if the book was longer and the writing stronger . i think the publishers are just cashing in on something roberts penned in high school the writing is pretty bad . save yourself the time and money and buy a more recent roberts book .
2			part	instructional	recipes	great	instruction	graphic	it	helpful			the bread bible . while the book has some really great recipes , the instructional part of the recipes is fraught with errors . read the instructions very carefully before the beginner it would be helpful to have graphic instruction on shaping bread .
1			it	weak	beans	extra	beans	local	bag	good	aroma	nice	coffee	perfect	coffee	regular	them	right	coffee	nice	coffee	good	bag	bad	beans	fresh			updated review . update i must have gotten a bad bag the first time around . i just got another bag and opened it today . the beans were aromatic , fresh , and oily . the coffee was perfect this time around using the same amount of beans as last time . the coffee was nice and bold . it was not watered down and weak . my coffee snob husband even loved it . i ordered another bag right away . i am hoping to get another good bag . for the price , this organic coffee is good . we pay about $ 9.99 for half pound for higher quality for local coffee shoppe beans . overall the flavor was full bodied , but it tasted watered down . we used the proper amount of beans , ground them fresh right before brewing , and just didn not didn not get the zing i expected . it did have a nice aroma and finish though . the acidity was well balanced . i might try extra beans next time . i would definitely purchase this again and maybe mix this with our regular coffee to stretch it .
2			advice	best	advice	great			the best advice for anyone who is serious about saving their marriage . great advice from this book ! i have just about done everything that the author says won not completely work . this book has gotten to the root of the underlying issues with both partners . i would definitely recommend this book to all who are experiencing domestic abuse in their marriage . i just wish that i had discovered this book 30 years ago when i began the journey to salvage my relationship with my husband .
1			merchandise	poor			poor quality merchandise . had to order this part twice from amazon . it is a cheap refurbished part and by the time you get the right one it will cost you more between time and installation then if you went to a mechanic and paid him . i have serious doubts about this product and amazons customer service .
2			fan	huge	song	awesome	it	available	show	great			hands down , best clutch album , imo ! i have been a huge clutch fan ever since they started playing in philly at the troc back in the early 90 s . i have pretty much every clutch album that exists and i have to say that blast tyrant is my favorite by far . every song is awesome , especially work drink . i worship this song so much ! ! and to hear it live is amazing ! i have seen them live easily over ten times . as i type this , i m getting ready to go see them tonight at the hob in a . c . with motorhead . it's going to be one great show ! oh , and i am very disappointed to see that this cd isn not available anymore . it only came out in 2004 what gives ? please clutch , re release this album again ! i know you can get this on mp 3 but as someone who won not give up her cds , i would like to see that it is available should i ever need to purchase it again .
1			horrible	horrible	idea	bad	book	bad			bad book . this book is one i would not recommend to anyone ! horrible , truly horrible . the plot makes no sense . and having a brain washing orphanage was a really bad idea . nothing about this book was interesting or worth spending money on . shame on who ever the author not read this book . spottedstream riverclan
2			areas	physical	areas	spiritual	areas	emotional	people	effective	book	great	companion	great			great companion to covey's seven habits . when do you get the most work done ? for me , it is in the morning . if i could get away with working from 5 m to noon , i would be the most productive person in the office ! for others , it might be the afternoon . this is part of the idea behind the power of full engagement . it is a book about managing our authors have been very successful in coaching world class athletes to peak performances . this book shares those principles with the rest of us . the book teaches about managing energy in the mental , physical , spiritual , and emotional areas of life . if all we do is try to manage time , we will fail . what's the use of having your time mapped out if you don not have any energy ? i consider this to be a great companion book to stephen covey's seven habits of highly effective people . highly recommended .
2			cd	great	tracks	main			it got all the tracks i needed . this was all the cd about billy ocean that i needed . i has the main tracks that i wanted . great cd ! ! ! ! !
1			kid	rich	movie	horrible	it	stupid	idiot	total	props	worst			dumbest film i have ever seeen . this movie brings me back into the memories of 8 h grade camp . we had two movie nights during the week and thinking the teachers can not , and shouldn not , choose a dumb movie , we expected something nice on the 2 d movie night . guess what was waiting for us ? cabin boy . it was the dumbest movie i have ever seen . lame plot , if there was any , about some spoiled rich kid fancy lad named nathaniel who's a total idiot trying to go back home with his adventures on the way . i , a person with no knowledge whatsoever in movie making , could just guess right away that the sea was pure swimming pool and that the ship was going nowhere . all the props were visible and worst of all , it was plain stupid . such a sad , horrible movie . an insult to the viewers .
2			character	main	details	detailed	theme	great			the dive from clausen's pier . i found this book to be soooo boring ! i m more than halfway through so i feel i must finish , but i wish i had read the reviews before purchasing the hardcover version . i just cannot get into the main character , carrie , or have any sympathy for her situation . i finished some chapters , wondering now what was the point of that ? the author's descriptive details are often too detailed for me , and the endless ruminations of the main character are wearisome . i think the author had a great theme to work with , but she lost my interest shortly after the dive .
2			stockpiling	dull	version	frustrating	deal	great			caesar iii is way better . the problem with this game is that there is no room for artistry . you put up the same buildings , usually in the same order , and it doesn not much matter where . games like civilization have wonderful movies showing , say , the blasting of a titan rocket or the building of the pyramids and require a great deal of strategy . games like caesar iii allow you to feel as if you are actually presiding over a roman city . indeed , as you build your city , you have to balance every aspect of roman life , from water resources to the worshipping of gods . however , age of kings enjoys none of these dimensions . i have found that the one player version that i play is simply more frustrating than fun . the messages from other kingdoms flash too quickly on the screen , the demands are outrageous , and then you get invaded by all three other kingdoms at once . and , unlike caesar iii , the stockpiling of resources in age of kings is simply dull .
2			trucks	great	condition	good	features	realistic	you	high	boys	easy no	they	durable			another bruder winner . all the bruder trucks are great . they are durable and have realistic features that takes the play beyond just rolling around on the floor . our sons 8 and 4 have received about five of the trucks over the years , and all are still in very good condition , a testament to their durability . our boys are not easy on any toys . not the cheapest trucks you can find , but definitely high on the longevity and fun scale . would definitely recommend this line .
2			ending	excellent	settings	exotic	style	realistic	effect	great	bond	ultimate	story	superb	bond	classic	style	believable	read	easy	benson	good			ultimate bond ! this novel contains the classic sensuous bond of old , portrayed in a very realistic and believable style . there are no deep philosophical issues here , just action and suspense in an easy fun read . as in the bond movies there are the usual exotic settings , benson is good at this and uses them to great effect . the villains are well done and the story is superb . the ending was excellent , particularly the last two paragraphs .
2			comedy	musical	songs	classic	tunes	classic	dancing	great			tap dancing sensation . adapted from a 1930 s motion picture , 42 d street starring jerry orbach and tammy grimes is a choreographer's dream musical . besides the great dancing , however , the musical comedy contains several classic tunes , including you are getting to be a habit with mewe are in the moneylullaby of broadwayshuffle of to buffalo 42 d streetwhile the music is a bit dated for my taste , these are classic songs & are great seen within the context of the show .
1			story	good	soundtrack	atrocious	soundtrack	bad			atrocious soundtrack . too bad the soundtrack is so muffled to be almost bad , good story .
2			seems	durable	product	great	chefs	great	it	durable	knife	great	preparation	quick	i	pleased	handle	comfortable			a great chefs knife . this knife was a christmas gift that i used in preparing our christmas dinner . i am the cook in my faimly and prepare dinner at least 5 nights a week , and feel that this knife will make dinner preparation much more quick and easy . i have always been impressed with products from oxo , and this knife seems to be another great product . the knife has an immensely comfortable handle . it is weighted nicely and seems to be a great knife for daily perperation . it 8 blade cuts well and seems to be durable . i am pleased with this knife and look forward to easier dinner preparation .
2			stuff	expensive	looks	dry	feels	lovely	moisture	real	smells	good	tan	great	lotion	old			not the best for real moisture . i use luminary indoor tanning lotion from designer skin and love it . i assumed since this was an after tanning moisturizer with silicone by the same maker , it would be the same . first of all let me say that it smells good and feels lovely . however , i noticed that a few hours later , my skin does not look or feel moisturized . it looks flaky and dry . i have been tanning for about six weeks and have a great base tan . i found that my old lotion actual keeps my skin from looking dry or leathery . i m going back to hempz . and this stuff was pretty expensive since i was stupid and purchased at my tanning salon . live & learn .
2			movie	great			i love hayao miyazaki . i loved this movie . while not one of my favorites of hayao's work , it was none the less a great movie !
1			stars	stars no	movie	worst			where the heck are the zero stars ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! this is the worst movie i have seen in years ! the cast was terible the acting was terible the plot was so stupid and had tons of undecent stuff not to mention cussing and is very violent and is not for kids at all ! a bugs life is way better , long live pixar and down with dream works ! ! !
2			move	difficult	it	great			if judi wasnt there it would be great . well now i know why i was told i wont find a jazzercise video that even comes close to a class ! no one i have talked to over 10 people now can stomach the founder if she would get over herself and let someone else do the videos she would make a much bigger fortune . she is all want to hear the music , want to see the dance step . somewhere in the process explain what they are doing , if it is a difficult move or they need to explain which muscles you are exercising and where you should feel it .
1			leaf	loose	tea	strong	twinings	fine	crumbs	bad	tea	bad	tea	loose	tea	irish	it	noticeable	tea	black			bad loose leaf tea . this is not a loose leaf tea . more like tea du st i like twinings just fine and like to have some standard black tea around so that if i buy a flavored tea that is too strong in flavor , i can mix with unflavored black . the crumbs in this canister were so bad i had to go out and buy tea bags . it cannot be used in an infuser . it is also noticeable that the flavor is far weaker than the irish breakfast tea they sell in the bags . nearly worthless as a loose leaf tea . wish i hadn not purchased .
2			aliens	original	problems	great	beginning	new	learning	slow	fiction	best			very interesting science fiction . one of the best science fiction i have recently read . the time in which the whole story is playing is very interesting and the problems that the heroes encounter are really great ! the aliens in the story are very interesting and original and i always enjoyed learning about a new beginning of the book is a little slow but it rapidly increases pace and finally becomes glued to your fingers . i highly recommend it .
2			it	worth	course	french	view	great	piece	final			very descriptive . i read this book as part of my a level french course , i found it to be difficult in parts but humourous and had very vivid images of provence . it gave me great view of provence and when writing my final piece of coursework i had many ideas to base it on . it may take you time at first to get used to the descriptive language but it is well worth reading .
2			storyline	awesome	characters	major	it	like			flip flop . when i first heard of walking dead i wasn not sure i would like it . in fact i knew i wouldn not . however , after catching up with all 3 seasons i can say that this is now a desert island series for me . it's like lost but with night of the living dead put together . the money they spend to film and create these zombi's is incredible , they spare no expense . it takes balls to do what these creators and producers do . killing off major characters could put your show in a tailspin . i will never stop watching and will highly recommend to others . there has never been a better zombi or post apocalyptic anything and the storyline is awesome . love the action and suspense !
2			brush	nice	looks	great	i	pleased	olivewood	beautiful	she	pleased			a very nice brush and beautful too . i bought this as a gift for my daughter and she and i were both very pleased . this is an excellent quality brush that looks great and performs well , without costing nearly as much as a fine english brush such as a kent . the olivewood is beautiful .
2			book	beautiful	book	fantastic	book	inspiring			beautiful , but . the book is fantastic , inspiring and beautiful , but it literally fell apart after one 1 reading . how disappointing ! the quality of the writing and the images did not extend all through the project , unfortunately .
2			i	pleased	kids	pleased	it	great	numbers	available no	fact	right	i	concerned	it	easy			awesome answering machine . i purchased this plus an inexpensive cordless to replace my vtech -2960 because , two years after purchase , the vtech turned out to be a costly piece of junk ! my kids had this casio model and were really pleased with all of it's features and its dependability so i decided to get one also . it's great it has more features than you expect with an answering machine for example caller id , remote access , ringer , speakerphone , two outgoing message capability and more plus it's really easy to program , which is nice for a change ! the thing that i like the best though , is the fact that you can program this machine to send the unavailable numbers on incoming calls right to the message center hasta la vista telemarketeers ! no more dashes to answer the phone and then wonder why you bothered . that alone is worthwhile , as far as i m concerned , but overall i m very pleased with everything about this answering machine .
2			stars	stars no	westerns	great	peckinpah	great			five stars for the movie , zero stars for the dvd . what a shameful presentation of the first great peckinpah . 1961 the directorial debut of sam the man anticipated not only the italo western but most of the other great westerns to come until tombstone and deadwood . the relation of a man who helps a mother to bury the son he killed is one of the strongest love stories ever filmed in apache county and beyond . two bruised souls shine bright in the dirt . maureen o`hara and brian keith , the deadly companions fully deserve a fully restored widescreen release .
1			i	disappointed	soundtrack	original no	one	bad			i loved the movie , but the soundtrack ? no way ! ok , this is not the original soundtrack , which i was very disappointed in . i mean , why make a soundtrack of an awesome movie , if you are not going to put the songs that are in the movie on the soundtrack ? ? this is a bad one .
1			you	lucky	album	worst	ms	previous	it	lucky	songs	best			i changed my mind . first of all , if you read my other review on this cd , i said it was his worst album , but i changed my mind , i listened to it all the way through and actually found it more enjoyable than his previous albu ms if you were lucky like me , you might have got a copy with a bonus dvd . the best songs are superman , cleaning out my closet , till i collapse , when the music stops , soldier , and buisness . if you are an eminem fan , or a rap fan , you probably will like this album .
1			modem	old	problem	original	fan	big	perfomance	pathetic	cooperation	poor			pos . i had nothing but trouble with this modem since i purchased it . my original problem was that it took forever for zoom to publish xp drivers for this modem , and it was never supported under nt . when they finally delivered the xp drivers they didn not work . finally , they delivered working drivers , but the perfomance of the modem was pathetic . my old generic modem which employed a lucent chipset outperformed it by far . i got very poor cooperation from their support . i finally threw the thing in a box and forgot about it . i was very dissappointed because i had been a big fan of zoom modems up until i purchased this thing . recently , i pulled it back out of the box to play with it again . it still performs poorly on my system intel piii 800 hz overclocked to 900 hz , 512 b ram i give it one star only because i can not give it less . i suggest shopping around .
2			effects	great	movie	great	effects	special	fan	big	takeoff	great	allen	good	movie	good			one of tim allen's finest ! great take off on trekkers and trekkies . sigourney weaver and tim allen are at their comedic be st great takeoff on the star trek shows . shows what actors can do when they have to go beyound their acting skills to save a doomed planet from destruction . great special effects . great make up and sets . it was also a light hearted salute and tribute to star trek and star wars . loved the attitude of the british character . it shows how fiction can be reality to many was great how the fan of the tv show came to the rescue to help tim allen and crew succeed . i am a big fan of sigourney weaver and have seen her do serious sci fi , this was her chance to take a lighter look at the sci fi format . she did it well . tim allen was also good in his role . i have enjoyed this movie several times . this is a great movie for sci fi fans , tim allen and sigourney weaver fans and comedy fans . a good movie for the whole family .
2			configuration	nice	looks	great	address	dynamic	product	easy			mr 814 serious timeout problems . i m using verizon dsl with dynamic ip address , and the mr 814 loses my ip address between 2 -3 times / week . i then have to power down the router , and then restart my is an issue that has been cited on other bulletin boards . i seriously encourage you to do more research on this before you the plus side , the product is easy to set up with nice menus / configuration . it looks great wherever you put it .
1			stuff	terrible	i	disappointed	we	anxious	it	bad			this stuff is terrible . i ordered 2 cases of this soup . we were so anxious to get it and to try it . i was soooooooo disappointed and tried to contact the company after we tried it . the carrots were like thinly sliced leather , there was nothing to this soup . like salty water . i would definitely like to get a refund it is so bad . but they have not answered my e mail . i have liked all other foods i purchased but this is terrible .
2			kettle	great	looks	good			great kettle , no infuser . when i searched this kettle , it was labeled as kettle with infuser , it does not have an infuser . and the shape of the top is a semi circle , so aftermarket basket infusers do not fit , so you will need an infuser ball . i did decide to keep the kettle , because i like the aesthetics or perhaps i would say , i strongly disliked the aesthetics of kettles that included an infuser the kettle works well , has minimal drip , looks good , has a fair price , but no infuser or would be 5 5 f anyone knows of a basket infuser that will fit this kettle , please leave a comment on my review
2			looked	good	movie	great	streaming	free			great movie . another tim burton classic now on blu ray ! amazon also have me free 30 day streaming for this movie which looked just as good as on the disc
2			it	terrible	cars	great	review	negative	fan	huge	books	great	rod	great	rod	hot			not what i thought . i purchased this for my father . he is a huge hot rod fan and enjoys women too . i was expecting a quality book with great cars and beautiful women . not the case ! great cars with trashy women . my boyfriend thought it was terrible too . needless to say i returned the book . please don not read this as a negative review for all hot rod books . hot rod is great and usually has great books . i gave this book a 2 because they do have great cars .
1			it	functional	axe	dull	seemed	ok	quality	poor	i	surprised	it	cute	handle	plastic	it	loose	quality	high			poor quality . i really like gerber products but this one took me by surprise . first thing i noticed was that the axe was dull as dull could be . then i put the saw in the handle and it was loose , i fear one attempt at chopping would send it flying out of place . it is only held in by one magnet . the sheath seemed ok , but the overall distribution of weight was way off too . the handle is plastic and not high quality at all . again i m a gerber fan but i am surprised at how cheaply this is made . it is cute but as far a functional , i don not trust it . i certainly didn not anticipate a dull axe and cheap plastic . i will be sending this back as the handle just now feel out when i carried it thru the house . glad i had shoes on . i don not recommend the product at all .
1			standards	bible	usa	new	book	bible	critics	silly	book	bad	code	bible			drosnin megalomania ii . if the first bible code book was bad , this one is even worse . i don not recommend it , unless you actually enjoy reading drosnin's accounts of how he is using the bible code to save the world from atomic holocaust , prove that extraterrestials seeded earth with human dna , and so on . drosnin calls his critics silly , but his refusal to even read or understand what they have found about problems with the bible code is far worse than silly . have you ever typed the word generalization ? if so , congratulations ! you have just created a hidden message with the word nazi , using the same els technique drosnin loves generalization . p it's in there , every single word an official bible code tm fact , the last word , hoax , is stupendous by bible code standards , having a skip of just 7 letters . p sincerely , dave thomasperalta , new mexico usa
1			routine	worst			abslutely horrible . absolutely the worst comedy routine i have ever witnessed . beyond stupid . painful to watch . irritating to listen would anyone make such a thing ? ?
2			sense	great	it	hard			vonnegut's funniest book . it would be hard to describe the plot of this book . i have read it more than 5 times and i cannot explain it . something about a transvestite guy named harry lesabre who sells cars , but not buicks . kilgore trout , dwayne hoover . they are all interconnected and in fact everything that vonnegut writes about starting with cat's cradle emphasizes that some people are in the same carass people whose lives are intertwined whether they know it or not for their lifetimes . maybe our lives are not as random as we thought . i laugh out loud whenever i read this book . i read it twice when i was pregnant and had a boy with a great sense of humor .
2			computers	current	book	fantastic	windows	available	turn	major			requires windows 3.1 ! this book requires something from the windows 3.1 disk with no hint of where to obtain may well be a wonderful book if you have got a windows 3.1 disk available but , since i don not , i had to return it . yes , there is a diskette in the book but the introduction specifically acknowledges that it does not include the required file s from windows 3.1 and that this is required for the diskette to work . the book may well be fantastic if you have got access to the windows 3.1 disk but this seems a major turn off since so many of us don not given that windows 3.1 was introduced on 5.25 inch diskettes , which won not even fit in current computers even if we could locate them .
2			read	great	action	real	writer	good	thriller	military	book	fascinating	read	good	thriller	regular	sign	good			great read . i didn not think i would like this book one bit . a friend had recommended it to me , and i never thought a military thriller would grab me . but doggoneit , this book is one good read . another good sign is how well i can remember this book a year and a half after i actually read it . demille is a good writer . he keeps the story moving , and the reader enthralled . even though this book has very little in the way of action . all the real action occurs before the novel begins . it's the unraveling of the mystery that makes this book so fascinating . whoever thought a bunch of people walking around and talking to people would be so well done as to keep the reader up all night ? well , this book will make you a believer . definitely a cut above a regular thriller , demille is a talented writer , and i definitely will read more of his work in the future . an intelligent , well crafted novel .
2			fav	personal	direction	musical	scorpions	great	album	difficult	collection	complete	rock	hard			diverse and beautiful hard rock . finally with this album my scorps album collection is complete . always loved the diverse musical direction in this awesome 2 d album by the great scorpions . the album that introduced not he scorpions feel n sound . my personal fav from the roth era . my first ever amazon purchase . great to hv received today after 20 days of placing i live in malaysia , its very difficult to find the 70 s scorpions album here nowdays . this album is just magic from start to scorps album to feature lead vocals from 3 band members , klaus , uli and rudy !
2			information	great	ideas	great	idea	great			great information . i read this in about 5 days , thats really good for me . anyway , lots of great ideas , still looking but will pass it on to a close friend . let them know what they are planning to do is a great idea . thanks
2			secureminuses	difficult	canoe	fantastic	alternative	great	portability	fantastic	canoe	traditional	canoe	regular	felt	comfortable	light	easy			great for portability . i bought this canoe recently and have tried it on the water . its a fantastic canoe for people without an ability to transport a regular canoe . plusses 1 fantastic portability .2 inflates quickly and easily . really does take 10 mins or less .3 light easy to get into / out of the water 4 sturdy felt very comfortable and secureminuses 1 is very difficult to get back into the bag . suggestion buy a bigger bag .2 requires kayak paddles canoe paddles too long . not a minus , really just good to know . its shaped like a canoe but sits more like a kayak . overall well worth the price and a great alternative to a traditional canoe .
2			experience	great	it	available no	book	current	book	good			a paper life . good book . very interesting . would like to read her current book . i looked for it on kindle , but it was not available . great purchasing experience . arrive very quickly .
2			seat	large	bag	great	it	great	i	happy	fabric	durable			great bag and very durable . we bought this for airline travel and it was great . too much room for an infant seat and base , but too much room is always better than not enough . i just stuffed the bag with extras like clothing and such . we had a graco infant carrier . i think this is going to fit her large convertible seat pretty well too maxi cosi convertible seat . it's durable , sturdy fabric , well padded and zipper . i m very happy with the purchase . i had no hesitations about checking my car seat into baggage claim .
1			quality	poor			shoddy quality . this item is of very poor quality . i would not recommend buying this product . after two uses the bag tore in several places . save yourself the stress or ordering this and get something of much better quality .
2			t	total	film	worth	ending	fantastic			not what i expected , but wow ! i bought this dvd in hope of a total t&a display . i got anything but that . there is no i repeat no t&a in this film . why it's nc -17 i will never know . but the film is definetly worth watching and owning . the ending was fantastic . i never would have guessed . and neither will you .
2			coast	clear	guy	awesome			malchak a star ! we saw him live in hilton head a few years back and bought 1 cd . in retrospect , we should have bought them all . in a style of peter cetera , this guy is awesome . the coast is clear is one of my favorites . a
2			book	boring	reviews	great			boring . i bought this based on the great reviews , which is how i buy a lot of books i read . this wasn not one of my better choices . i know the story of william , his wife matilda , their sons , battle of hastings , etc i just found this book boring . i skipped through much of it . it never got or held my attention .
1			product	bad	pieces	little	frame	decent	bad	bad	tarp	new	frame	naked			lasts only a few months , don not waste you money . the metal frame is decent , though even bolted down parts not included it sways in the wind . the tarp is utterly horrid . ours literally disintegrated in 6 is , crumbled into little pieces all about the ya rd the elastic tie downs that hold the tarp to the frame also break down in a few months and begin dropping like flies . other than looking sharp upon set up , this product is about as bad as it can be . i m now looking for a new , stronger tarp to fit on the naked frame that now stands in my driveway . bad , bad , bad .
1			voice	little	movie	worst	entertainment	little	movies	worst	you	bored			worst than plan -9 . my , my , my . where do i begin . . there are 5 movies on my list of all time worst movies ever made . this movie psycho a go go is number 5 and deserves it . the only reason to view this movie is if you are passed out drunk . that's it . no other reason . i would give it -5 stars , if i could . but the other 4 that actually beat this one , are 4 plan -9 from outer space , 3 beast of yucca flats , 2 the killer shrews , and the number one worst movie of all time ever made is 1 cornman . if you are bored and desperately need a little entertainment please see little voice or flirting with disaster .
2			price	right	i	happy	option	best	sites	various	quality	fantastic	i	interested			truck drivers choice ! after searching through dozens of reviews on various internet sites i came to the decision that the plantronics 510 was the best option . i have been using this devise for about a month as i write this review and i can say that i am very happy ! it comes with three ear bud sizes and shapes , the price was right , and the sound quality is fantastic ! i drive a truck for a living so i was mostly interested in background sound masking and volume friends tell me that they cannot tell that i am using a bluetooth devise . in fact , it has been noticed that it sounds better than my actual phone in the truck ! when it's in my ear i can still hear the radio with both ears and locate the directions of sounds . the weight is distributed in a way that i often forget that it's on my the price of this devise it can not be beat !
2			game	interesting	game	awesome	game	hard	need	good	crap	complete	line	awesome	graphics	good	thing	good no	edition	black			nfs most wanted . this game is awesome , easily the best need for speed ever . better than carbon complete crap , and undercover also crap is a clone of most wanted . if you want pro racing , play gran turismo . if you want cops and illegal street , this is the game for you . i had nfs mw black edition on ps 2 when it came out . the story line is awesome , and the graphics are good even for a ps 2 game . the a . i . is easy at first then it's top notch the more you progress in the game . the game is hard to beat and is always interesting . i wish ea would port this to the ps 3 or at least re visit it to see what a good need for speed game is . nfs hasn not been the same since most wanted . not a good thing
2			stuff	best	parody	commercial	comedian	great			great and funny ! just the gay beer commercial parody alone is worthwhile this wonderful collection of adam sandler's best stuff . you can tell he's a great comedian and entertainer .
2			fiction	great	detraction	main	experience	real	job	great			excellent fiction about a german soldier . this is a great fiction about the life and travails of a german soldier in ww 2 the author does a great job of describing the images and sensations of the war on the eastern front , from the biting , bitter cold that permeated every thing and everybody , to the shock and violence of an artillery barrage . one especially poignant remarks is how german soldiers felt swallowed up by the vastness of russia while fighting there . the main detraction is that this book is a fic tion , even though the author claims that it is based on his real life experience . there are people who have investigated this story and found many purported facts in the story to be unfounded or unsubstantiated .
1			design	bad	binding	new	design	original	books	previous	design	new	pattern	attractive	design	graphic	lines	different			bad graphic design . the first four books , as they originally came out , followed a consistent and attractive design pattern , thus they look like a series on your shelf and are artistically pleasing . the new binding looks completely different simplistic , boring and the text in no way lines up with that of the previous books . i don not believe they are going to get people to re buy the earlier books in the new design . and the new design is not a correction to the original design . the decision makers at crown publishers have once again shown a lacking in sense of aesthetics and a lack of concern for their customers .
2			view	great	reading	good			great view on people . i was not sure about this book when i first purchsed it . however , it did not take long getting to know the characters and burying yourself into the story . rebecca forster has a brilliant depth of knowledge on the human character and takes you inside each character . now i am looking for other books by mrs forster . good reading but use caution as this book can and will make you late for work and other engagements as you keep turning the pages .
2			itself	bad no	it	close			a bit misleading about the content . i was expecting the usual flirting content common to this genre girl boy interaction with possible brief toplessness followed by the bleeding nose for males . i was expecting the equivalent of an r movie in the theaters . the level of toplessness and sex acts although not fully shown puts this film as at least nc -17 and possibly x i only watched to a certain point . the early part of the film warns that noone under 18 should see this film . there are some people over 18 even way over like me that do not want to see this . i did not finish the film . the plot itself is not bad and i tried to stick with the was just saltier than i wanted to see . if this is not hentai it is fairly close . parents need to be still think anime is for kids i have heard comments to this end is and some very clearly is not . this clearly is not .
2			s	great	scenes	new	generation	new	plot	new			don not be so hard on it ! come down people , the best of street fighter alpha is still to come . althougt this movie wasn not what you really were expecting it is just the beginning of what will be a great anime s . f . a . s . f . z . one more chance and it would show you how great it is . i know the plot wasn not quit clear but the characters were just introducced us a new generation of sf , a whole new plot and a new though this anime wasn not the best of all it sure has it action scenes that are a total you just want to try it , rent it but if you really are a sf fan this movie is one for you to keep .
2			way	incredible	prose	amazing	book	great			great book . this book is honestly one of the most amazing i have ever read . the characters have breadth and depth and yet remain singularly out of reach . . but in an intriguing , incredible way . his prose is amazing and i would recommend this book freely to any reader .
2			value	great			great value . very pleased with this item . i have a 3 pound chihuahua and got the xxs size and it fits really well . i uploaded a pic so you can see the back of the harness . i have also had to hand wash it and it washes up very nice . it's a baby pink color and makes her look real feminine .
1			switcheroo	old	cheat	dramatic	sucker	poor			careful slippery ending ahead . i won not be a spoilsport and give away the i will say that this film has a trick finish that pretty much defines the term deus ex machina . the machina in this case being the typewriter of a particularly cheesy , unscrupulous hollywood scriptwriter . with a bit of thought , one sees the sense of the whole imo , no matter what writer and director were thinking , the ending is simply a dramatic cheat . this is one film noir where the old switcheroo happens not to some patsy in the film but to the poor sucker watching the movie ! you have been warned .
2			item	open	features	special	condition	great	extra	little			gossip girl do not buy . the dvd upon opening looked in great condition , the first disc works great , but after enjoying the episodes i attempted to watch the special features disc and it was unresponsive . i attempted to turn on and off the player , and then i proceeded to check the disc was sent with minor scratches on the item rendering it unusable . i attempted to contact amazon , but they informed me since the item is open i would be only eligible for a 50 refund . how can you tell an item is scratched without opening the product . buyer beware . purchase from a store where there is a satisfaction guarentee , you will pay a little extra , but you wont get ripped off .
2			looks	great			counter top flair ! kinda hard to skrew a product like this up ! it's basically a chrome plated carousel that holds the k cups . looks great on the counter , next to the machine . recommended if you really have lots of varities . i would have given it 5 stars if it would spin more freely , with less effort .
2			girl	little no	singer	great	words	great	music	solid	music	great	chick	hot	it	solid	cd	great	guitarrs	electric	record	new	exemple	good	it	like			same girl ? nop . same sound ? no ! great music ? yes . ok , the new record of this very hot chick is far far away from the other two . it's like , in this one , she is herself with all the words . tracks like overprotected or i m not a girl . are very personals , and very explosives . but in this cd the electric guitarrs , and the funk and soul sounds are not all . britney shows that is growing a lot more since her debut , and she's not the little school girl anymore . her music it's more mature and solid , i m a slave 4 u it's a good exemple . songs like , boys y lonely are simply excelent . and the cover for i love rock n roll . no words , just great . great cd , solid and powerfull music and a great singer . get it now , seriously !
2			performances	great	fact	historical			leearnold of mexico . look for great performances by yul brynner , charles bronson , robert mitchum , and even herbert lom as the villainous gen . huerta . close enough to historical fact to be engaging , but dramatized enough to be entertaining , this movie deserves a bigger re release , especially on story revolves around an early gunrunner who borrows a us biplane to deliver stolen guns to the colorados army , which is suppressing the mexican revolution . he immediately gets into trouble and runs afoul of the colorados and then then revolutionists who force him to fly for them . ultimately , it's a retelling of lawrence of arabia , but that doesn not detract from it entertainment value .
2			it	special	action	good	ending	great	plot	great			batman rocks . great plot . shot in pittsburgh which made it extra special . good action with a story that makes sense . great ending .
1			player	old	scratches	poor	dial	annoying			below average . i purchased this producet because my 3 year old mp 3 player that cost about twice what this one did when i purchased it didn not have an aux in port . this product was a serious downgrade . some of the mp 3 cd's my old player a sony was able to play without issue no longer play with this mp 3 player perhaps the disk quality is poor , slight scratches etc , since some of the disks marginally work . also , it hasn not been displaying titles , only numbers . the dial is annoying because if you accidentally push it while adjusting the volume , you are thrown into the selection of treble , bass , etc i do not recommend this product lesson learned over and over don not buy the cheapest item .
2			writer	great	books	best			absolutely amazing and moving . one of the best books i have read in a while . carol is a great writer and writes with honesty . her strength and passion inspired me .
2			he	great	it	great	me	wrong	tracks	best			2 1 2 stars a bit disappointing . let me begin by saying that i absolutely love satriani and johnson . i haven not seen satch live but would love to . johnson i have seen twice and he was great , as i expected . i have never been much of a steve vai fan and this album did nothing to change that , as his material i found the least entertaining . having said all of that , there just isn not anything mindblowing here . even the satriani and johnson songs are pretty standa rd don not get me wrong , it's great to hear them perform live , but i guess i expected something more . one of the best tracks on the album is goin down which features all three guitarists . this is okay i guess , but any album by satriani and johnson will satisfy much , much more .
2			i	wrong	movie	great	it	scary	movie	suck			this movie sucks . this movie sucks ! it isn not scary at all ! for those of you looking for a great horror movie , this isn not the one to go to . i thought it was going to be scary , but i was totally wrong . the shining is much better .
2			justice	great			i was there . i m squad leader assigned to company d 3 -325 i was there all the the way from camp champion , through the prep for the jump in the airport and the last minute scrub . my anti armor platoon was attached to a troop 1 -17 cav for the move to talil and to a 2 -325 for the push into samawah proper . i was shot through the left hand while we were trying to seize the bridges over the book does my men a great justice . i kept a journal out there and this book mirrors my experiences . i m extremely thankful that our story has been told , and hea rd all the men who were there and who still patrol bagdahd are my heros . i have never served with a finer group of paratroopers than my platoon . this book serves as a journal for all the men of 2 d brigade .
2			cd	best	originality	great	music	gorgeous			this is the best cd . i have to say that having seen the movie the music maintains its great originality . it has the most gorgeous music and i have to say the jane eaglen i think her last name is spelt who sings two of the songs expresses the depth and passion of the songs she sings . she is such a beautiful singer ! i love it !
2			it	like	book	great			great book . this is a wonderful book not only for people that self mutilate but also for the friends and family helps others understand what it's like for the people that go through it . i loved this book and would recommend it to those who do self injury and to those around those people .
1			installation	ridiculous	instructions	poor			great in theory . if you can install it . didn not get far enough to see how this thing worked because installation was ridiculous with poor directions / instructions . i consider myself pretty mechanically inclined but these directions were impossible to follow . so rather than waste time and aggravate myself further , i m returning this thing !
2			information	great	chapters	easy			great information . this book touches on many areas of feng shui , and is divided into chapters that are easy to refer back to . would recommend this book .
2			top	awesome	thermo	best			best thermo mug ever . hands down . i have had mine for a couple years now . the only thing i would change is that i would make it hold 4 -8 ounces more . other than that , the lid works great , the pop top is awesome , i could go on and on . if anyone has issues with this product i would lean towards user error more than anything . i have compared this to many other thermo style mugs . this one is the be st easy to clean , easy to open and close , extra saftey latch . buy it
2			actors	right	suspense	constant	characters	believable	edge	great	actress	fabulous	seconds	next	job	great	leto	right			panic room . i couldn not imaguine what could be so exciting about a movie of two people locked in a room . it turned out to be a great edge of your seat thriller . jodie foster again demonstrates what a fabulous actress she really is . there are believable characters and scenarios , you never know what the next 30 seconds are going to bring . jared leto and other actors are right on with their characters and do a great job as well . theres just enough comic relief to keep the movie from dragging to dramaticly , while not losing its constant suspense and rhythm . its definitely a movie i could watch again and again .
2			ms	proble	performance	great			works great . easy to attach , great performance ! i use it with a firewire 800 card in a mediacenter pc and i stream videos from it , haven not seen any proble ms
2			actors	great	i	interested	performance	good			weird movie . this movie certainly has great actors in it , and they did a good performance , but i didn not really care for the story . i would not recommend this movie too highly . i would be interested to read the story it came from . agnes of god
1			mood	bad			antidote for a bad mood . natalie macmaster's music will lift your spirits any time , but don not miss a chance to see her perform onstage . she is a terrific entertainer as well as a masterful musician .
2			album	terrific	album	best	compositions	best	characteristics	amazing	characteristics	visual	playing	lovely	way	great			simply wonderful . maxwell's best album so thick ass bass on everwanting to want you to want is terrific ; it is a great way to start off this album experience . sets the stage perfectly drowndeep hula is a beautiful and intimate piece of music whose visual characteristics are really quite amazing . gotta love those island is it women islands ? matrimony maybe you was the closest thing on this album to a hit , and it's a terrific song on its own , or as part of the album . submerge til we become the sun is one of the best compositions maxwell has ever put together . avant garde r&b ; that pushes the envelope , but also keeps the soulfoul kernels of truth that the music style is music that grows better with repeated listenings . the orchestration and production are very intelligent , and the playing is sublime and lovely .
2			horse	greatest	book	great			great book . makes you think you can do the impossible when you read the story of such unlikely characters creating the greatest horse in history . you just can not make stuff like this up !
2			dancing	good	alba	gorgeous	boogaloo	electric	flashdance	great	stars	negative	movies	good			would have given this movie negative stars . i rented this film because i like dance movies . i could barely sit through an hour of this you can even call it that . sure , jessica alba is gorgeous , but her acting skills leave something to be script is lousy , the dancing is good , but alba's character is mindless . needless to say i didn not finish watching the whole movie because i felt like every minute that went by i was losing more and more brain cells . if you want to see some good movies with better acting some great dance or buy flashdance , staying alive , dirty dancing , breakin 2 electric boogaloo , and save the last dance . save your money on honey .
2			comp	ultimate	bands	perfect	song	great	job	great	cd	great			only one review ? it's sad . this is an exellent cd . i purchased it used . it is the ultimate comp . cd , along with any comp . from kill rock stars . i don not love the promise ring , but their song on here is great . modest mouse as always sounds awsome . jawbox does a great job too . all the bands are perfect and this cd is great for listening to in your car . screw emo .
2			movie	great			disneyland secrets , stories and magic . this movie is great for any disneyland addict . full of interesting facts about disneyland through the years , rides that where to complicated to maintain and rides that have been retired , but they continue to think about bringing back . also , includes a fun disney trivia game to play and test your disneyland knowledge .
1			delivery	poor	features	good			pinnacle studio 8 . i must agree with most of the other reviews that have found problems with the studio products . i have managed to produce some dvds and vcds but i find i am always fighting against the bugs and crashes that occur on most projects created . setting up dvd menus is impossible . adding a soundtrack causes crashes . every 3 months i upgrade my version . this solvs a couple of bugs and creates several other last download i had to manually rename the time before i downloaded a 10 b patch that failed to product has lots of potentially good features let down by poor delivery .
2			content	good	glass	powerful	graphics	tiny	book	great			good content , impossible to read . just the sort of book i was looking for , so i was sorely disappointed by the teeny tiny graphics and lack of cue ball path lines . the solids and stripes are designated by number only , there are no stripes on the stripes . and you can barely read the numbers . diagrams need to be you have time to copy every page to a larger size and draw the paths , then go for it . probably a great book . as is , it's only usable if you are a prisoner with plenty of time left on your sentence and a powerful magnifying glass .
2			pilates	new	addition	great			i will like it . i think . pilates is very new to me , which is the reason i got this video . once i understand more i think it will be a great addition to my health routine .
2			it	hate	album	best	song	greatest	song	good	album	great	title	great			caress of steel great album . caress of steel the most underated rush album ever ! ! let me start off with complimenting the name of the album , caress of steel , its a great title , its awesome . bastille day and lakeside park are very nicely done songs . then theres i think im going bald , most people hate it because it has silly lyrics , but still , it actually is a good song . then theres the necromancer and fountain of lamneth , both are awesome . the necromancer is the greatest rush song of all time ! so like i said caress of steel is my favorite album and is the best album . buy it ! you will not be disapointet don not let these people who don not know about music fool you this album is the best !
2			it	easy	looks	great			sharp and on time . the blade came in , instructions were included , it was easy to install and the lawn looks great
2			book	nice	individuals	curious	it	great	he	interested			nice book . bought this for a gift for a rock hound . he was very interested when he opened it and began reading through it immediately . i did not read it , but when i looked through it there were lots of pictures , details and thorough explanations . i think it is great for rock hounds and other curious individuals .
2			tool	good	typos	bad no	reviewers	severe			not as bad as other reviewers say . the typos that other reviewers state are severe enough to warrant not buying the book are really not that bad . they are mostly simple spelling errors , and overall the book is a good tool to help develop a differential diagnosis for common presenting sympto ms
1			service	bad	store	fake			very bad service . never order from this supplier the change the shipping date as they want maybe this store is fake and they just try to steal the money . be sure they will take you money and never delivery
2			toy	great	fun	great	music	enjoyable	babies	active	son	old	bits	different			great fun for baby ! i bought this when our son was 2 1 2 months old . he seemed to delight in the fact that by waving around his arms , he could hit the toys and cause the music and lights to go off . now , at 5 months , he can grab at the toys and hit the keys . the music is enjoyable not tinny sounding like other toys and there are so many different sounds and sound bits that i can not keep track . i would recommend using the 2 d level for babies that are very active , this way they learn cause and effect . a great toy all around !
2			masterpiece	outstanding	power	unbelievable	dvd	great	movie	entertaining	movie	good			an outstanding masterpiece . every time i watch this movie i feel like i m right in the mansion , or at the school , or at the mall with them , the power of this film is unbelievable , this dvd is great . and the movie as a whole is very good , extremely entertaining and heatbreaking in the end .
2			import	japanese	looks	fantastic	it	interesting	tracks	available			this is a bootleg . yes , it looks fantastic . kudos to the russian counterfeit art department . but , this is a bootleg , plain and simple , made up to look like a legitimate japanese import . some of the tracks were transferred from noisy vinyl . the bonus tracks are common and available , in better quality , elsewhere . it's interesting that at one time , soviet beatle fans would do anything to get the music , even press the tracks onto exposed x rays . but , now that the iron curtain is no more , russian bootleggers are flooding the market with substandard product . why is amazon even selling this crap ? leave that to ebay .
2			watch	great			great watch , until the latch on the band broke . i have had this watch in a zip loc bag for the last year ! i have taken the watch to several watch they cannot fix it as the tricky latch on the watch has to be soldered back on to the band ! this watch lasted on my arm for less than a month . this is a sever disappointment as the watch is not inexpensive ! on the plus side , the watch is very handsome .
1			lincoln	worst	it	hard			worst lincoln book ever ! there are more than 4000 books that have been written on abraham lincoln . i own about 100 and have read 200 why lincoln matter's by mario cuomo should have been entitled why i don not matter . it is hard to find much about lincoln in the book . there is much about how america has failed to measure up . chris bradleybethesda , md .
1			production	poor	seemed	ok	isn	vocal	deal	big	reels	original			poor production the guys sound better than this ! i haven not seen this in years , but remember the sound doesn not do them any justice . the video seemed ok , so i would prolly give it a 3 for the video & a 1 for the 's a pity really . hopefully , if they re release it on dvd , they can get the original multi track reels & remix it , so it sounds more like the guys really did . the sound is very compressed , no dynamics , the guitars are thin & michael's vocal sound isn not as strong as it could 's go out to the guys though for making the effort , as back in the day , it was a big deal & they do rock ! to hear the band as they should sound , listen to against the law .
1			fan	biggest	singles	young	parker	good	episode	poor	parker	ok	girl	poor	killer	bad			warning the very worst of kolchak . understand i am the world's biggest night stalker fan . i saw the premiere at age 11 i own every single episode on video , and both movies . karl kolchak is the funniest , coolest , most exciting monster hunter in the world ! but don not buy this video . trevi collection and youth killer are the two weakest episodes in the series . trevi is about a witch who kills a bunch of fashion models . there are no scares , just really lame stuff with mannequins coming to life and some poor girl getting scalded in the shower . it's ugly , not scary . lara parker from dark shadows is okay , but not really good as a truly evil human being . youth killer is so bad it should never even have aired . it feels like a half speed episode in slow motion . there's an ancient greek goddess causing young singles to age overnight because somehow it helps her stay alive forever . very poor episode , no action and a lot of needless mockery of the elderly and singles .
2			mode	low	mode	nice	collar	great			stopped working after a year . update this product stopped working after a year . company wanted $ 40 to fix review the collar is great . plenty of length on the collar to fit all dogs . has some nice settings off , low , medium , higher , test mode . has quick snap connector but also a buckle on it . the use of the buckle and connector is a bit weird how they have it setup but works .
1			alert	major	movie	bad	rocks	scary	part	best	movies	worst			one of the worst movies i have ever seen . first off i have to say that the trailer is the best part of this movie . major spoiler alert here's why this movie was just plain bad 1 the monsters were basically moon rocks that should be enough reason to give this movie one star 2 the monsters can not only live without oxygen but can go without food for a very long time though it is questionable whether the creatures actually eat humans 3 somehow the movie footage made it back to earth even though at the end of the movie the two spacecrafts collide into each other . how did the footage get back to earth ? 4 a very bad rip off of the blair witch project style horror movie sub genre .5 a horror movie is suppose to scare you . i don not find moon rocks scary in the least , do you ? bottom line , stay far away from this
2			cup	great	carafe	dangerous	it	frustrating	water	hot			complicated . i have owned this coffeemaker for one week . i will admit it makes a great cup of coffee and the coffee does not get bitter . but , you must follow instructions completely and carefully , or you will have a very hot dangerous carafe must be closed with dots in a certain position for brewing . you must be sure the carafe is closed completely dots again to keep coffee warm . a few times we had the bottom of the filter get stuck and that caused an overflow of hot water and grounds . once causing a burn . now i must check the pop up valve to be sure it is the correct position . there is no shut off button to stop the flow of hot water and hot grounds . i had a party and it was frustrating teaching everybody to open the coffee pot , much less help by making a pot . i would never make coffee without much hassle ! too many overflows and 1 burn .
2			model	black	box	great	camping	difficult	one	black	box	fantastic	element	black	box	black	reason	big			great box but pricey for the pretty silver color . so this box is fantastic ! i have to say though i was torn between buying the silver model and the black model . there was a $ 110 difference which i thought was pretty steep but i paid it because i have a silver and black honda element and figured the silver would reflect heat better than the black . this is a great box . as i said i have a honda element and have 2 sometimes 3 german shepherds that are usually in the back . groceries , my luggage etc usually gets trampled and camping was often difficult trying to manage my stuff and them . this resolves the problem completely . the dogs in the element and my stuff safely contained in the hitch box . i love the swing out feature . the big reason i wasn not impressed however was really that the silver box cost so much more than the all black one . the plastic itself can not cost that much more . if i weren not so into the look i would have spent less buying the black box .
2			set	educational	hit	big	playset	great			great playset ! my grandson loves this . i only wish the characters were a bit larger . having been to jamestown a number of times , i appreciate the variety of characters and objects especially the ship , which was a big hit with the grandson . it's an educational set and entertains children with vivid imaginations .
2			brochures	good	things	different	quality	good no	products	great	printer	great	paper	special	reviews	good			dissapointment . because of the good reviews from everyone else , i thought that this would be a great printer , but it did not live up to my expectations . its pretty loud , leaves toner streaks , and most importantly , the print quality is not good , and we have tried different things , like special paper . which means that you can not print good quality brochures with it . i used to think that all hp products were great , but the more experience that i have with them , the more that i realize how bad they really are , including their support . i have had much better luck with brother products and i wish i would have spent more and gotten the brother mfc -9840 which is an all in one color laser .
2			life	like	book	excellent	book	great			great book ! this book is excellent for those who want to know what life was like as a slave . it was very moving to read about her experiences growing up , and the lengths she had to go to to protect herself and her familiy . highly recommended .
2			midler	great	ones	young			fun , fun , fun . bette midler is great in this halloween show . lots of fun , not too scarey for young ones .
2			jeff	great			a season beyond a kiss . i liked this book . i wish brandon and heather were in it more . raelynn was really a disappointment . she professed to love jeff but she had no faith in him . how she could believe he murdered someone in a matter of minutes is a little stupid . jeff was great but then i liked him in the flame & the flower too . i wish kew would write more on the birminghams , maybe brandon & heather's daughter brenna or one of jeff's children . i really do like the birminghams and would like to see more of them .
2			adjustment	difficult	shipping	free	hand	free	reviewer	previous	days	great	fence	suck	project	small	downside	big			ok for the money , but fence sucks ! purchased saw from amazon , and arrived in a few days with free shipping , which was great . thanks amazon ! completed a bath renovation by installing 12 marble tiles around tub and floor . makes pretty clean cuts , but a little slow . big downside is the fence adjustment , very difficult to slide fence and expect square cuts , like the previous reviewer i needed to measure everytime i adjusted , plus fence track on the rear is too close to the plastic pan and binds fence when trying to adju st got so frustrated , ended up cutting many tiles free hand . all in all , good for a small diy project . you get what you pay for .
1			it	bad	movie	good	series	good			completely dissapointing . the first movie was surprisingly good ; the second suprisingly bad . the first one had one of the most beatiful leading ladies in memory ; the second one has you wishing she would simply shut up and quit nagging zorro . even the climax , in which a runaway train threatens to run over dozens of clueless villagers would have been solved by simply having them walk off the tracks with 10 minutes to spare ! most good film series can last 3 or more entries , it's too bad they killed zorro in just his second time around .
1			movies	nice	language	bad	movies	enjoyable no			wanderlust . this was not an enjoyable movies . sex and story line was not the type of movie i would like my adult family memeber to see . what ever happen to the nice clean movies where you don not have to hear bad language or see ever body part ?
1			resolution	unbelievable	dialogue	terrible	books	worst	villain	predictable			one of the worst books i have read this year . poorly plotted , terrible dialogue , boring characters . outside of a somewhat interesting description of the nature of cubicle life for lower level white house aides , there was nothing worthwhile here . the surprise villain was predictable and the resolution was totally unbelievable . i found myself rooting for the police to catch the protagonist so that the book would end sooner .
2			niece	great			betty boop 8 . i am 66 years and bought these for my great niece and nephew who are three and four years they like these tapes better than any cartoons on tv ! thanks for having them betty boop 8
1			expereince	bad	illustration	black			getting ready for a collage and judy moody . i am transribing for my son who needs his voice hea rd i thought that juudy moody had a bad expereince on the first day of school . i related to the school part , as i go to school , too . my favorite part was her crazy collage . i made one , too . we hung it in my room . the book's illustration are only black and white . however , i do not find this disappointing . i like the character frank ; his room is filled with weird collections . i would would definitely recommend this book and other judy moody books as well .
1			commentaries	boring	books	worst	cooking	french	shots	black			the provence cookbook by patricia wells . as a reader and cook who specializes in french cooking , i want to save fellow readers and cooks time and money . it is one of the worst books i have found about the subject . the pictures are cheap black and white grainy shots of anything but the commentaries are boring and the recipes are not bother .
2			adventures	great	love	powerful			whispered promises . it does not matter if you are male or female as long as you are a madaris , there will great adventures and a powerful love that lasts through the test of time . brenda jackson rocks again with the madaris series .
2			gear	high	trainer	great	models	expensive	it	sturdy	it	easy	it	hard			great trainer ! the bell motivator mag indoor bike trainer is really great . this is an excellent trainer for a beginner . it's very sturdy and easy to set up . i use my mountain bike with it because i don not have a road bike so the first thing i had do to was go out to the bike shop and buy a cheap slick tire for my back wheel . it was just way to loud with the thick tread of a mtb tire . the only thing about this trainer is that im sure this doesnt have as much resistance as some of the more expensive models . it is hard to ride out of the saddle because there is just no resistance when you are going that fa st however , if you put it in a high gear it works well . i use mine for 30 minutes in top gear for just about everyday . i would recommend this to any beginner cyclist
1			workmanship	poor	height	adjustable	width	adjustable	caps	functional no			poor workmanship . the only saving grace of this shelf is the leveling knobs at the bottom of each leg . other wise , there would be no way to keep the thing straight . the plastic caps that are designed to hold the top shelf in place slide and the drawer is not as functional as it looks . i also made the mistake of thinking that the width of the shelf was adjustable just the height of the drawer is adjustable . consequently i can not use the shelf in the cabinet that i had planned . my mistake . won not be buying from this company again .
1			affection	real	scenes	sexual	i	glad	fan	great no	them	open	part	worst	detail	graphic	characters	good	dialogue	realistic			offensive . i m not a great fan of judith krantz but bought this book anyway for a quarter at a thrift store . i m glad i didn not pay more . as usual , ms krantz works harder at trying to impress us with her knowledge of the glitzy jet set and fashion than she does at realistic dialogue . she has some good characters who have looks , intelligence , honor , and the potential to be really memorable but she destroys it everytime she has them open their worst part of this book was the sensuality . she outdid herself with graphic detail in the sexual scenes that were abusive and violent but skimmed over the tender moments between people who had real affection for each other . i won not waste another quarter .
2			books	great	one	impressive	climate	current	product	total	climate	political	writing	clear	myths	true	analysis	impressive			wide ranging and methodical . wills has written some great books nixon agonistes was a revelation and his book on reagan was a wonderful analysis of the relationship between a president and the myths the american people wanted to be true . this book has much in common with the earlier ones , in that there is the most careful examination of what actually went on in the past connected to themes that are of pressing importance today . so , for example , there is an impressive analysis of the federalist papers especially madison's contributions interlaced with an evaluation of the misreadings over time that have now been embraced so willingly by our contemporaries . the writing is clear , the endnotes useful , and the total product an impressive one , in terms both of helping us understand our fascinating past and giving some order to the confusion of our current political climate .
2			read	great			great read ! i really enjoyed this book . it stayed faithful to both stokers and doyles creations , and make for a fast , yet fascinating read . some people might find the alternate chapter writing of dracula and watson a bit of getting used to , but definitely worth taking the time to purchase and read .
2			card	great	price	great	way	great	playback	excellent	price	best			great memory card at a great price . i bought this to use with my psp and its been a great way to take my movies with me . the transfer times are good and the playback is excellent . highly recommended especially considering that this is the best price i paid $ 99 for it you will find for the product .
2			it	available	st	great			my folks love it ! my dad called to let me know he got his first issue . he and mom love it . i knew that they would . thanks amazon for making it available at a great co st
2			rock	true	songs	great	version	free	music	hard	song	essential	songs	best			the vines . impressive . this single includes two of the best vines songs and hits . get free is just an awsome rock song but prepare yourself for highly evolved is an essential song to true rock & roll . the two tracks that follow are demo versions that eventually got these guys where they are . the quality isn not the best which is the downside of this single for these are home recordings but down at the club makes up for it , this song is a slow song but just amazing . it is shocking that it wasn not recorded for the album for its the vines at their be st hot leather doesn not really have much appeal but the music in here is as hard as get free so depending on your taste it can be a fun song . overall this get free single australian version has great songs the only problem with it is the quality of the 2 demo versions found here in the lines of sun child other than that this single is great and an essential to all children of the vines .
1			st	disappointed	quality	poor	they	willing	st	surprised	water	hard			very poor quality , do not recommend . when i washed this flatware in my dishwasher some of the knives and forks seemed like they were rusting or the silver on the flatware was coming off . i called oneida and they are willing to replace the pieces that are a problem but the same thing keeps happening . oneida said that if you have hard water where you live then this can happen . i had an oneida set prior to this one that i had for 8 years and this never happened . i would not recommend this flatware to anyone . the more they get washed in the dishwasher the more it starts to ru st very disappointed and surprised in the poor quality of this flatware .
2			features	new	information	little	disappointment	great			not in depth at all . a great disappointment . this book is more like a what's new than a how to . new features of nw 5 are described , but there is very little information on how to use or manage them . as both a cne and a networking instructor , i can not see how anyone would be able to pass the update test relying on this book . i attempted a practice test after reading the book , and most of the material on the test appeared nowhere in the book .
1			scenes	terrific	story	compelling no	effects	special	effects	poor	arts	poor	story	romantic			not interesting . this movie is lacking in several ways . the story is not compelling at all . it shifts from the reality of a novelist in marriage woes to the adventure story that he's working on . it would have been better as a straight adventure film , or perhaps as a romantic story . the martial arts and special effects are poor . i prefer jet li in kung fu master . the story doesn not make any sense , but the fight scenes are terrific in kung fu master . i was not entertained by this film .
2			buy	great	movie	great	i	disappointed	version	theatrical	minutes	new	effects	special	it	great	they	great	one	interesting	minutes	great			this dvd rocks . this movie is great . i bought the theatrical version of the dvd when it came out a while ago , but this one just blows it out of the water . this version adds a lot to the overall story and plot of the two towers it has 40 minutes of added story . having read the book , i was slightly disappointed with the first release it was still great , but this release includes quite a bit of stuff they left out . for those of you who haven not read the book , the added stuff should immensely help you understand what is going for the extras , they are great . i have watched one disc of the extra's and still have one more to watch . these extra's are a lot of fun to watch because you get to see how they do the special effects the one about gollum is very interesting , what they changed , and what the actors thought . overall , this movie is a great buy . the new 40 minutes is great and you will hardly notice that it is longer . also , the extra's are great . this is a dvd you will want in your collection .
2			show	great			awesome show shame on kindle . i bought this episode and a kindle to watch it on . kindle wouldnt play it , and i couldnt download the episode to it . very misleading amazon . . shame on you . the show was great , i just had to borrow a laptop to see it on .
1			one	worst			come on this sucks . i am indeed a fan of slipknot but this album is the worst one yet . slipknots debut was kick a along with iowa . i just dont find the agression and passion as i loved in the first 2 albu ms please utilize the decal explicit lirics .
2			shooter	great	price	current	girls	little	buy	good	manner	japanese			a wonderful , quirky throw back . this game is extremely off beat in a very japanese manner , but it's still a bunch of fun . treasure has created a great 2 d shooter that harkens back to the glory days of the super nintendo , and boy is it a blast to play . not just a mindless button masher though , it makes you use your noggin and will make you come running back for more , despite the bizarre giant flying flower selling fish with a little girls head . a pretty darn good buy at it's current marked down price .
2			idea	great			great idea , disappointing outcome . i loved the idea of having this to water my plants on the deck and front porch without making several trips with the watering can . it worked well for about 2 times , then the plastic connector would not fit on the faucet again . it kept popping off .
2			direction	difficult	tuning	difficult	angle	difficult	price	great	assembly	slow	unit	sturdy	increments	small			sturdy and well equipped . assembly was slow going , mainly from a few missing photos referenced in the instructions . there were no glitches in the assembly , however . overall the unit is very sturdy and works well . the price on was great and included weakest feature is the laser crosshair device . the angle and direction of the laser beam is difficult to adjust in small increments . the friction in the plastic housing causes sticking and fine tuning is difficult . this feature seems cheaply constructed . overall i would recommend this product .
2			cup	great			cuisinart coffee pot . great cup of coffee . easy to use . water reservoir difficult to read as advised so this was no surprise . like the toggle switch , carafe and permanent filter . also easy to clean .
2			tone	light	read	great	experience	great	view	great			great read . this is the first book i have read on my kindle paper white . it has been a great experience . many of the ideas i this book are found in ancient texts from the eastern traditions . but the tone is light and you feel like the author and god are engaging in a very ordinary conversation . the ideas are not mainstream but they confirm and clarify my own . life and death are heady subjects and this is a refreshing approach . who knows what death will ultimately be , but this is a great view .
2			movies	best	story	true	cast	great			beautiful movie . one if the best movies i have ever seen . and to think it's a true story . great cast all around . i highley recommend this movie .
2			series	previous	step	new	book	great			a new step for pratchett . i feel that with this book pratchett truly expands himself as an author . following in the foot steps of feet of clay pratchett shows his ability to produce a captivating mystery storyline that will keep you guessing to the very end . filled with suspense and excitment he further delevops many of his beloved characters from the previous guards series breathing into them more life and personality than ever before . it is truly a great book and if you liked feet of clay you should definitetly read the fifth elephant .
2			cure	ultimate no	hair	healthy	tactic	humorous	i	happy	solution	great	condtioner	great			great condtioner ! this combined with the moisture maniac is a great solution to my thin hair . the dry winter weather and heat and sun in the summer just ruin my hair , so i need a daily shampoo and conditioner that actually keeps my hair healthy . i am really happy with this stuff , however bed head exaggerates it's products humorous marketing tactic ? so this is not the ultimate cure for dry hair . i still use a clarifying shampoo and deep hydrating mask twice / week , but this is an excellent in between solution !
2			it	perfect	it	great	mat	professional	mat	functional	son	old			awesome for pilates . this mat is very functional ! it gets the job done ! i expected a sticky yoga mat , but ive used it 3 times and the stickiness was gone after the first use . but over all it is great . i use it for pilates so i really have no need for a sticky mat . it is almost like a memory foam . it is perfect for simple workouts , and i also use it for my 8 month old son to play on sometimes ! this is great for someone who is not looking for a professional yoga mat that is really sticky !
2			recordings	great	days	final			very representative collection . legacy is certainly very representative of rick nelsons wonderful career , from the very first release to the final days . nelson had so many great recordings , however , there is a lot of material to be picked up else where .
2			rendition	great	stars	biggest	tribute	great	songs	best			good . but some songs are lamely done . i personally adore dolly parton and this album really is a great tribute to her as country music's biggest stars and most influencal voices come together in a great rendition of her best songs ! i personally adore shania twain's version of coat of many colors . i bought the album on this purpose . and i loved it !
2			i	happy	job	great	it	useless	wheel	little			great , until it breaks . this sharpener is an ideal size and weight . it does a great job sharpening and has plenty of power . i was very happy with it until it broke . the motor ran but the blade stopped turning . i opened it up to find that the teeth had broken off of a cheap little white plastic gear wheel inside . it's useless now .
2			service	great			a major find for a customer ! a customer came into the bookstore looking for this book she only had a library copy . lo and behold , it was on amazon's marketplace . i bought the book great service and the customer was ecstatic !
2			set	great	price	low	it	hard			season 5 . i believe this is season five . it's hard to understand , but for some reason the first two seasons are not being released as of yet , something to do with ownership , if i am not mistaken . this is a great set , but there are so many extras which could have been included on this set , but considering its low price , we got a deal .
1			part	worst	it	disappointing	lyrics	good no			disappointing . i have noticed that most of the reviews on this album are long and meandering , so i m going to keep mine concise . while momentary lapse of reason is better than most other music that came out in the 1980 s , it is disappointing to a rock and , for that matter , pink floyd fan . the lyrics , while not bad , are not all that good , either . the worst part , however , is the bland and formulaic music . the only track i truly appreciated on this album is signs of life . frankly , i m going to sell my copy .
1			design	poor			lasts one year max . i have had two of these frothers and each have only lasted about one year . it is a poor design since it is inconvenient to plug the frother in when it needs to be charged and then unplug when charged . will not buy another .
1			it	bad			zzzzzz . well , i didn not expect mcuh when i read the dvd case and i wasn not disapointed . i should have gone with my first impression and not wasted the time . it was bad . especially the point system . that was so unbelievably close to reality in behavioral modification , don not bother with this one .
2			system	great			garmin nuvi 650 . this is a great full featured navigation system , or the price this unit can not be beat , highly reccomended purchase , everyone should have one .
2			camera	great	options	great			great camera for the money . compact and great options for smaller camera . i like the design better than sony cameras and gave up on sony after 3 of the later models died on us in a matter of 3 years and we hardly used them !
2			battery	extra	one	awesome	photographer	professional			blessing ! this battery fits perfect and has saved me several times . every photographer professional or amatuer needs at least one extra battery . this one is awesome price and quality .
1			cd	bad	song	good	music	slow	music	easy			come on . this cd is highly overrated . i guess that when it came out all stoners liked so ever since then it's popularity built up . the music is very slow and it makes you want to fall asleep and nothing else . the only good song is money but beyond that song this cd is bad unless you want some easy listening music to fall asleep to .
1			sunpak	current	draw	current	brand	worst	brands	different			sunpak nimh aa batteries . i have tried quite a few different brands of nimh batteries , and sunpak batteries are the worst brand i have tried out of 8 brands . they do not provide nearly the rated amount of current the sunpak 2300 cells that i bought all tested out at less than 1500 a capacity with a 250 a current draw they do not hold their voltage as well as other brands under load not get this brand ! it just doesn not measure up .
2			camera	great	pictures	nice			nice pictures , sturdy . we use two of these cameras for kite photography , and the pictures turn out great . we have had more than a few crash landings with both cameras and both are still going strong , going on four years . great camera and easy to use , nice pictures even when you just use point and shoot mode .
2			show	great			great show . great show . i missed the first season but have caught up . explaines much i didnt understand from when i started
2			they	dark	sunglasses	great			great for what you pay for . great sunglasses for the price . i went through about 9 pairs of these things when i was in iraq because they do get scratched up a lot going out on a tank every day , plus i gave away a couple pairs to my friends . but they are really dark , which is why i loved them , since iraq is located roughly thirty feet from the surface of the sun .
2			kid	cute	thunder	celtic	voices	great	breeze	celtic			more like celtic breeze . okay . when i see the words , celtic thunder i m expecting kilts , pipes , and dru ms lots of dru ms i wanted braveheart , and all i got was west side story . okay , the kid is cute , and the guys have great voices , but it's just a little too hollywood for my taste . entertainment , yes , but some of those movie songs have been covered in just about every video like this since the dawn of the musical . so , i reccommend this for the beginner , not the veteran .
2			them	believable	stories	perfect	job	great	book	great			great book . i loved the book ! mazzarella does a great job creating this characters and making them believable . the stories ending was perfect .
1			movie	pathetic	movie	worst	film	worst			worst movie ever . i have seen so many dreadful movies and i will admit that this is the worst movie that i have ever seen . sylvester stallone has been in so many excellent films and this is easily his worst film . it amazes me that he agreed to star in this pathetic movie . i guarantee at this time that even he thinks of this movie as horrendous .
2			dictionary	great			a great dictionary i have nerver seen . i am from korea . this dictionary was beyond my description . i also recommand a porket dictionay pubished by cobuild .
2			product	great	can	smooth	product	fantastic	oil	extra			great product recommended . to add to the other reviews , you must release pressure after use to make sure the tip does not clog . but do this is only if you don not use it frequently . so this isn not that much of a hassle . the other thing to note is do not pump to maximum stiffness , as recommended in the manual . else you will get a really fine mist which just blows away all over instead of staying on the pan . but this could be dependent on the oil i am using leonardo extra virgin olive oil . i haven not tried other only downside i experienced is that the can is really smooth . in the kitchen if you have wet hands it can become slippery , more so because you have to pump it . i am taking off one star for in all this is a fantastic product !
1			star	bad	cities	big	manson	basic	stars	hate			mighty mouth to the rescue ! well , if there was a half of star , ann would get that ann is part of the fox deal to pay a million dollars to interview the glove boy , let she still hate movie stars and the likes ? wait ! but isnt ann one of the bad tv movie star who makes her living being on tv ? come on people , we have seen this before with martha stwart , and do we still love her ? please dont get sucked in by any tv news movie stars . democrat or anyone who hates movie stars soooo much continue to sit in a movie theater and not feel guilty ? or is she is just your basic hippi crite from the big cities who writes poorly and appears to be the poster child for republican charles manson . i suspect ann has never met a democrat who had a son that joined the miltary and never made it back . to bad . when she generalizes and uses all democrats or movie stars you know that its a wash . in additional , how can she support enron and the likes ?
1			life	poor	drill	fine	set	typical	life	awful			really poor battery life . the drill is fine , and comes with a typical bit set , but the battery life is awful . forget using it if it's been sitting on the shelf for a month . you have got to charge both batteries before doing anything just so you can make it through the job .
2			case	clear	i	disappointed	condition	new	disc	worth	music	great	packaging	original			parachutes . i was very disappointed with the purchase . the seller described the product to be in like new condition . i anticipated receiving the disc in the original packaging along with the cover as though it were purchased brand new from a store . the disc itself was in fine condition . however , it came in a clear plastic case . i don not think the cd should have been advertised as being in like new condition . the music by coldplay is great and the disc is definitely worth purchasing , particularly if you like all of their other cd's but don not own this one .
2			i	impressed	book	great			what a great book ! if she only knew was a great book by a very talented author ! i literally could not put it down ! i stayed up all night just to finish it ! it really has you guessing til the very end ! wow ! i was so very impressed with this book ! if you have not read it , go right now and buy it today ! be prepared to be drawn into the action till the very end !
2			read	great			hilarious . this book was one of the funniest i have read lately . chelsea has such a way of describing things that you are unable to anticipate what may come out of her mouth next . overall great read !
2			songs	musical	finale	great	songs	popular	dull	flat	disgrace	biggest			i wish i could give this 0 stars . . this cd has so many problems , i don not even know where to start . first , to the biggest disgrace of all liberi fatali . i loved that song on the game , then on the ost when i bought it . then i hear this . 'song . and i use that term loosely . they are not even singing the right words ! more like they are just mumbling . secondly , many people wondered why they decided to perform those songs , and not popular songs like aeris theme . well , after analyzing the tracklist , and looking back to the ff 6 ff 7 and ff 8 osts i have , i realized that they just played the first song from each cd ! so much for musical other songs were bearable at be st no where near the quality of the hoping for a great finale with mods de chocobo , i am sickened by this flat , dull , song . do yourself a favor , don not waste 10 dollars on this cd .
2			book	fantastic	waste	complete	business	particular	it	clear	it	easy	lot	available			fantastic book made a radical difference . this was one of the few books i have read that i can say clearly increased my income and saved my company a lot of money that we had been wasting without realizing i read this book i realized i had been using pay per clicks with a blindfold on . it was a clear and easy to follow book , with excellent advice . i totally changed my pay per click strategies after reading it , and did far better . for example , after reading the book i realized that using content pay per click advertising was a complete waste of money for our particular business . when we stopped it , we had a lot more money available for search advertising , and we had an increase in business . i highly recommend this book to anyone who uses pay per click services . in fact i would say that this is a must have for anyone using pay per click .
2			movie	great	material	additional			great movie ! have watched this movie many times over the years . finally decided to get my own copy . has much additional material on disc . would highly recommend .
2			book	best	saiyuki	bad no			great , but a cartoon book is the very best of saiyuki ! this is not the first time i saw the saiyuki anime . i watched it in japanese version , korean version and this english version . well , i think saiyuki is quite hiliarious even in anime version and not that bad . the pictures of ova and a movie version are more pretty though . however , i prefer the comic book version to animation for some reasons . hm . whatever . saiyuki rocks . 0 ;
2			movie	great	movie	classic			great classic movie ! great movie it is one of my absolute favorites . i would recommend to anyone who's a fan of the duke .
2			book	good	physics	great	experience	previous	school	high			great physics high school text . i used this book to study for the ap physics b exam on my own , and thanks to it , i was able to score a 5 good book for people who don not have previous physics experience .
2			audiences	critical	training	great	things	important	way	authentic			great for executive media training & classroom alike . judy's book is one of the most practical , down to earth guides for effectively dealing with the all audiences especially the media during a crisis . i have consistently used this book in my crisis communications class at syracuse university's newhouse school , and with key executives who need to focus on the important things in dealing with critical audiences in an authentic way .
2			numbers	serial	monitor	nice	picture	great			great picture , lousy service . the monitor has a beautiful , crisp image . perfect for my work cad , development , web surfing . it also has a neat feature it will accept 2 dvi inputs from 2 computers and then allows you to toggle between computers with a button on the front panel . sadly , this feature stopped working after roughly 8 months of i called hp to claim a warranty repair , i was transferred to a service agent in another country . after 20 minutes of repeating and correcting serial numbers / model numbers i was told that this monitor was not in their database and therefore i could not be helped . what the heck ! i offered to email pictures of the model number sticker , fax copies of the invoice , etc all to no avail , the service representative declined my request to speak with a manager to resolve the issue . so i guess i m just stuck with a half broken the end , it's still a nice monitor , but i m frustrated with the lack of customer service .
2			detail	good	start	good	hawk	black	it	dark no	job	good	job	great	solder	old	you	excited	it	like			good battle detail . this book reminds me of the movie full metal jacket somewhat not that it was that dark , just that it gives the reader of view of what it was like in boot camp and then into the battle . the author does a very good job with this work . he is known for telling other peoples tails , but he does a great job with his own story . the battle information is top of the class and the details on a marine beach assault , teaches the reader everything you need to know . this is more then an old solder telling you about the letters he received , it passes for a very good start to the pacific theater with background as to why a battle was taking place . he also does a great job of describing the battles from a solders point of view , in the class of black hawk down . i would recommend this book before a larger comprehensive history , it will get you excited to take them on .
1			experience	bad	it	terrible			bad experience . i bought the h 500 headset and it was terrible ! it had so much static you could not carry on a conversation ! when i took it back to the cell phone store i was informed by the salesperson that they had sent back all of their h 500 s because of the static and unsatisfied customers . i purchased an h 700 and love it ! there is no camparison ! don not waste your money on the h 500 mine went in the trash !
2			minutes	great	recording	great	cd	entire			sweet , sweet very sweet . great recording quality and wonderful flow through the entire cd . a great 68 minutes , no need to fiddle with choosing cuts ; hit the start button , sit back , enjoy the ride !
2			errors	basic	i	disappointed	research	easy	i	familiar	books	informative	material	correct	books	previous	read	good	it	difficult	books	great			needless errors and waffle spoil the read . based on neal's previous great books i expected a stimulating thought provoking good read , but was disappointed . what i got was a book that contained a litlle fascinating material mixed in with what i perceive as waffle . as an actuary with a minor interest in encryption , i have read some informative books , and am reasonably familiar with the mathematics . perhaps the book would have seemed better if i did not have this background . most disturbing were errors which would not have occurred if minimal and easy research had been done eg armed services ranks used in australia are not the same as those used in the usa . when i read a book containing basic errors i find it most difficult to accept that other factual material is either correct or has sound foundations . based on this book alone , i cannot recommend the author .
1			version	particular	presentation	bad	example	nice	movie	good	movie	nice			nice movie , bad presentation . don not buy this one ! nice example of the 30 s screwball comedy genre . but this particular dvd version my man godfrey is badly flawed by the insertion throughout the whole movie of a bug in the lower right of the picture . the bug is re which evidently stands for reel enterprises , the copyright owner for this version . why would they deface such a good movie by inserting such a distraction ? surely not for the publicity ; i will never buy another product from reel enterprises .
2			choice	best no	novel	great	you	happy	it	good	lives	fascinating	it	beautiful			back when we were grownups . i really enjoyed back when we were grownups . anne tyler has such a way of making ordinary lives fascinating . none of her novels have a lot of twists and turns , and either you like it or you don not . some people can appreciate the ordinary , and there are others that this would not be their best choice . anyhow , this novel demonstrates that . it takes the ordinary , and makes it beautiful . i thought it was really good , you becomes attached to the characters and their lives , and hope for them to be happy . i would definitely recommend this book , it is another great novel from anne tyler .
2			things	great	children	little	boy	little	children	golden	tickets	golden	book	great			a great book ! this is a great is about a little boy named charlie , who lives with is two grandpas , one who went with charlie to the chocolate factory after it opened from four greedy little children and charlie finding golden tickets two grandmas , his mother , and his had no brothers or grandpas and grandmas read stories to charlie about the chocolate factory , until one day his father saw in an ad in the newspaper , that to be one of the five little children who would be allowed to enter the chocolate factory , they would have to find one of the five golden four greedy little children and charlie entered the chocolate factory , as i can not tell you the great and exciting things that happened inside the factory ! you will want to buy it , just to hear those great and exciting things .
2			they	loud	headphones	great			great headphones . for the price , you can not beat them . i integrated these into my motorcycle helmet and they work great with the fiio 6 and the fiio l 9 lod cable . with this combonation , they work and sound great and are plenty loud enough to over power the many noises of riding a motorcycle .
2			game	great	it	fake	it	worth			great game . my son loves this game . he plays it quite often , and would play more if we would allow it . it is plastic army men so it doesn not get graphic like some of those crazy games do . he doesn not give it a thought because it is so fake . but he does love it and it was worth the money we spent on it .
1			music	good	enigma	worst	cd	nice			glorified garbage . how can anyone listen to this is pure slop . enigma are still the worst of ever , next to enya of want boring sound that makes no sense , the get want good music , buy yourself a nice death metal cd .
2			read	great	roller	emotional	narration	personal	decision	senior	business	big			a unique and riveting glimpse inside the executive suite . dead bank walking is a fascinating account of the rise and demise of a stalwart california bank . smith's narration is personal , and it eloquently captures the excess and arrogance that accompanied big business in the 80 s . more importantly , it brings the complexity of senior management decision making to life by providing the content and detail required for the reader to effectively walk in the shoes of this aggressive ceo . smith takes you inside the emotional roller coaster of his mega merger . from the comedic meetings with the period's renegade personalities to the devastating effects firrea's fine print had on security pacific's solvency , this book is a great read . you won not put it down !
2			smells	great	feel	great			makes you feel great . this smells great . it's like a spicy but sweet and rich grape / fruity scent . it's more of an oil than a perfume . i think it mixes well with other fragrances that i already have . when i first tried it , i instantly felt confident and sexier . i m not sure if it was the placebo effect or whatever but i m not complaining . i notice other people seem to notice me more and respond positively . i like it
2			character	main	magazine	great	looks	good	story	great	i	sorry	rpg	modern			week . this game looks good , and the story is great but the game does not deliver the goods . the problem i have most with the game is serge the main character never talks , that is just plain lazyness you just get the feeling that serge is just lifeless and is not intristing at all . since the game has so many characters in it , it seems that most of the other characters as lifeless as serge and have no pointe in ever bieng introduced to the plot . i feel thair is a limit to the number of characters in a game that will still make the game intristing . and i am sorry game informer , but this game does not restore my faith in the modern rpg you have to read thair great magazine to know what i am talking about square could do better , i have seen it done .
1			life	bad	life	real	issues	major	question	real	job	terrible			i knew she would messed this up . don not bother reading this book . i went to school with several of the characters in this book , the ones from florida , and i was a friend of a couple of them . aphrodite does a terrible job of writing this book , the story has no flow , and she revisits simplistic ideas , while breezing over major issues . there was more to the story than vampire novels and goth music . trying to explain rod's action in that fashion is like trying to say , oh , well hitler just had a bad family life and self esteem issues . the real question is how could sane people follow such a freak . i would suggest that you rent the movie vampire clan instead . i will cost less , it goes by quicker , and tells the story just as fully without any of aphrodite's conclusions . plus in the movie everyone looks a lot better than they did in real life .
2			overview	good	overview	great			very good overview both for beginning and studying ih . i used an earlier edition of this book in graduate school and now used this book in my studies for the cih exam . great overview , written in plain language . some calculation information is also included .
2			reviews	great	i	willing			the perfect way to start . i got this because of the reviews . i always thought of myself as a pretty flexible person , so getting something for inflexible people wasn not something i was willing to do at fir st however , the reviews were great and i haven not ever really done yoga except for a class with a friend here and there . it's something i feel i should start incorporating into my life to not only strengthen and regain my full flexibility , but for the mental / anti stress effects as well . it's the perfect way to start . and the premise is as if the chic on the screen is doing it with you and not instructing you with her perfect moves and body . and that . is very nice . it's like i really do have someone doing it with me .
2			i	disappointed	gatsby	great	fan	huge	out	classic	i	excited			too performed avoid . i am hooked on audio books . i have a long commute to and from work everyday and i can not wait to get in the car so i can get back to my audio book of the week . i was so excited at the prospect of listening to tim robbins narrating the great gatsby , a book i have wanted to read for a long time . i am a third of the way through and am terribly disappointed . this is the first audio book that i am struggling with . i am a huge fan of tim's on screen work but he is performing here and it's distracting . the variations in his voice are irritating as well . i am constantly adjusting the volume . there are other narrations of this classic out there buy one of those .
1			choice	bad	pictures	bad	i	happy	battery	original	job	great	lights	bad	it	easy			just ok . i bought this camera a long time ago year 2006 and i was very happy at first bec . it was very easy to use and does a great job . but just after using less than a year , it's getting really bad . it takes blurry pictures and lights were so bad . i don not even use it all the time , and now after 6 years , mine has finally retiring . the original battery does not work and i boughtnew disposable and rechargable batteries but still doesn not work anymore . for the sale price of $ 99 , i wouldn not say it was a bad choice . next time , i would prefer buying canon cameras .
2			novel	great	effects	great	you	dry	effects	special	galore	special	it	suck	line	silly	usa	recent			it will suck you dry . bram stoker must be rolling over in his grave with this latest interpretation of his great novel . yes , this movie has energy and great special effects and that is it . the story line is silly . the acting is insufferable except for dracula , and only because there's a campy quality to it . van helsing's character is a lousy shot with his gatlinger like cross bow some hunter he . if you like heaving breasts , dark sets , special effects galore , a lousy script , insipid acting , then go see this movie , otherwise , save your money and time and rent something else . the recent usa made for tv movie , frankenstein , was a much better production in all aspects than this horror ible flick .
1			it	fun	book	worst	book	painful	cast	various			worst golf book ever ? this book is painful to read . ending up skipping many paragraphs that were the author totally overanalyzing his swing or own mental state , as i wanted to finish the book figuring it would be fun to learn about the mini tours golf's single a leagues . learned a little , but most of the book is the author self flaggelating blather about his mental state , or lack thereof . was hoping to hear about the background and dreams of the various cast of characters on the tours there might be five pages of that in a 300 page sleep aid . spends a full page explaining how his choice of socks ruined his round . this book is incorrectly titled . it should be fine green gap the pipe dreams of a three handicap and how he got to write a book about it .
2			pictures	great	ideas	great	thing	best			love this book ! best thing i have ordered from amazon so far . great pictures , great ideas . really gave my catering head a boo st
2			collection	great	song	best			you can not beat paul mccartney . when it comes to writing ballads , songs , or poems not alot of people can do it like sir paul has a away with words that can really make you think like no is a book that is a great collection and portrayel of one of the best song writing talents of our is a must read for bealtes fans and music fans alike .
1			movie	worst			the worst ever . i have seen many movies over my lifetime . yet this movie takes the cake as being one if not the worst movie i have ever bothered to see . i give it credit for being historically accurate , but then again so is the history channel . so if you want historically accurate watch that and if you want a plot that you can understand do not watch gosford park .
2			group	outstanding	delight	great			another gem . one great delight for a music lover is to purchase a cd blind and to have that disc be revelatory . that is the case here . an obscure composer , for me at least , coupled with an outstanding group gives a cd of rare beauty .
1			one	bad			targus notebook usb light . when it worked it worked good enough to see the keyboard but did not last more then a few weeks . you may want to look else where for a usb light . or take your chance and get one and hope it last for then a few weeks . maybe i got a bad one .
2			sound	great	expense	extra			free at last . i have bought over ten of these in the time i have used my hdr 80 headphones . brand new , they would only last a few hours , and it makes sense because they are just a couple 1.4 watch batteries stacked together once you crack the shell you buy a headset that uses these , you can count on having to buy these batteries again and again , as they only seem to last for a few months before they get weak and won not hold a least i was able to modify my hdr 80 so that i could power it with aaa's instead . i can enjoy great sound without the tax of buying these overpriced batteries . i would avoid any headset that uses these , unless you don not mind the extra expense and hassle of doing the battery shuffle .
1			reviews	bad	pan	awful			junk . listen to the bad reviews . i didn not and regret day one this pan has been awful . i couldn not even cook bacon without half of each slice sticking to the pan's bottom . bacon ! it gives off grease as it cooks for christ's sake . i had to scrape the slices off the bottom of the pan . this pan exhibited no non stick behavior what so ever .
1			clip	loose	clip	flimsy	clip	bad	clip	cheap			bad clip . the case held the phone fine if you didn not run it into anything , but the clip was cheap and broke after a few uses . the clip was flimsy and loose . like a said , it broke .
1			quality	bad			bad quality . i ordered this twice and both arrived broken . i don not know if it's the quality or the packing , but i would not recommend this piece .
2			adults	happy	ability	strong	teacher	former	thing	hard	awareness	emotional	situations	various	resource	great	situations	emotional	tips	useful	i	amazed	information	useful	way	positive			so useful and informative ! as a former teacher i was always amazed with the struggle children had in acknowledging and understanding their emotions . it seemed such a hard thing for children to do and you could always see the correlation between lack of emotional awareness and self esteem issues . as a result of this , i wanted to be the type of parent that would not only communicate early with my children , but give my children a strong ability to handle various emotional situations in a positive way . i strongly feel this will help children grow into confident , happy adults . this book is such a great resource for being able to do this ! the tips and information are so useful .
2			carb	easy	recipes	great			awesome recipes . awesome recipes . quite a bit of soy used in a lot of the receipes though but great recipes nevertheless . makes lo carb fun and easy .
2			movie	great	ray	superb	one	great			blown away . toy story 3 is a great movie whether you are 3 or 30 the video quality on both the standard and 3 blu ray is superb and another great one to show off your tv .
2			music	great	songs	great	one	great	cd	great			great christian music . excellent christian music . only 4 songs , but each one is so great . this was my very first cd , great for all christians . really something to keep your faith strong .
1			days	bad	days	good			its ok . i m not sure if its because my daughter is only almost 4 months but the toys does not really hold her attention very well . she will look at it and touch it but it does not curb her from wanting me to pick her up . the suction has its good days and bad days . usually when i wet the bottom before i put it on the highchair it sticks better .
1			person	particular	reason	good	book	worst	suspense	high	hopes	high	teens	ridiculous			lame ! ! ! ! i love stine , and christopher pike . i had high hopes for this author , although i really haven not heard of that particular person before . with good reason ! ! teen suspense in the 90 was at an all time high . so books were coming out left , and right . i couldn not believe how bad this book was ! the author tried so hard to make the teens well . teens but it was too ridiculous . i couldn not imagine teens ever acting , or saying , most of the things that went on in this story . i wasn not the worst book i have ever read , but one of the most trash worthy !
2			design	great	feel	great	chord	good			great feel & design . i own 3 of these mice , great compact design , very precise , great for travel , chord is good so no battery issues .
2			book	fascinating	book	great	movie	hate			the movie is a waste of time . the book is great . the author is so honest about his shortcomings , and that's why i hated the movie so much . the movie portrays him as a hero , takes way too many licenses , and ends up with a sports movie flavor . too hollywood for me . but the book is fascinating in an angela's ashes sort of way
2			detain	great			excellent . provides great detain about the effort of the allies to defeat hitler . one of the better treatments of the war .
1			thing	worst	book	best	life	normal			the best book in the series thus far . morgan is a wreck . after the last book blood witch she thinks she did the worst thing possible , kill someone , another witch . she's terrified that someone will find out . and what whill happen if someone dose ? living a normal life knowing you are a blood witch was hard enough to her but now things are much worse . in this book morgan's loyalties are pulled between two people . her sole mate , and someone she barely knows . and at the end she's foreced to make a was the best book in the series so far . i would like to tell you . about it but that would just spoil it . morgan's story is getting more and more intense and the ending is a cliffhanger . i m halfway through awakening book 5 right now . i recommend this to anyone who's a fan of the series and wants to know what happened to morgan . this is defiantly the turning point in the series .
2			date	due	disappointment	great	writing	heavy	library	local			boring ! i have been a fan of john irving since garp . until i find you was a great disappointment . when i ordered it from the local library , i was told i was well down on the waiting the li st it became available much sooner than expected . after reading 100 pages of boring , humorless , heavy writing , i can understand why . i gave up i assume others before me did , too and returned it to the library two weeks before the due date .
2			therapist	physical	back	great	product	great	one	regular			great back support . i had a bulging disc about 3 months ago and my physical therapist recommended this product for in the car . he said that we tend to not sit properly when driving and this product helps . the regular one just seemed to thick , i felt like i was being pushed to the edge of the seat , so the thin one works perfect . great product .
2			you	familiar no	choice	great			for maiden fans . if you are not very familiar to maiden , this box will be a little weird to listen the fans , it is a treasure . great choice of concerts , singles , and classic the irons !
2			idea	great			another waste of money . the idea is great . a compact port to handle all those extras for the computer , but the hub worked for less than a month . i still have the light , but dumped the hub . don not waste your hard earned money .
1			connection	poor			poor connection . i bought this to hook up my ipod to my car . the connection wasn not sturdy so if the wire moved at all which tends to happen in a moving car the speakers on one side would go out . it wasn not consistently the right or left speakers . the cable would most likely work fine for a stationary at home stereo but not in a car . i returned mine but am still waiting on a refund .
1			clips	cheap	money	worst	curlers	hot			don not purchase . clips are cheap and don not hold the curlers in your hair , worst money that i have ever spent . if anyone has any ideas on a quality set of hot curlers please share ?
2			everything	great	headphones	best	day	next	headphone	good			great , until it broke the next day . the headphones were one of the best headphones i ever own . the headphone were good blocking out noise , weren not the greatest but the headphones were only five dollars . everything about the headphones were great ! next day in a long car ride i pluged in the headphones and it didn not work ! i knew it wasn not my phone because i had another set of headphones in the car and i could hear fine though the another headphones . do not buy these headphones . they will break .
2			story	good	reliever	great	story	celtic			celtic story . celtic story is every bit as good as the standing stones of callanish and land of merlin . they are all out of this world . i could listen to them forever . i highly recommend them . they are relaxing and a great tension reliever . i can really get lost in the music , i love them all .
1			cultures	different	job	poor	supporting	good no	variety	rich	appearences	special			just another are gular forgotten realms novel . the book starts out ok . volo gets stuck with a lazy travelling companion and he is thrown into a world tour adventure that promises all kinds of action in the different cultures and climates of toril . but although the adventurers travel through all sorts of places the author moves too fast and does a poor job of using the rich variety of cultures that we all know fr has . the author then tries to keep the reader interested throwing at him many well known fr heroes to help out volo and his himslef is well depicted in the book . but the travelling companions were not a good supporting ca st the special appearences by the fr heroes leave an even worse impression .
2			winds	strong	it	easy	duty	heavy	addition	great			totally satisfied . i found this cover to be a beautiful , heavy duty , great fitting addition to my grill . it is easy to remove and replace . we have had strong winds since i purchased it and it remained perfectly in place . i agree with the other 5 star ratings that convinced me to choose this one from
1			rpg	worst	ending	worst	game	boring			my first game in this series and i think it's the worst rpg in existance . this game's so boring it makes you doubt your intelligence , it also has the worst ending in the series .
2			shipping	great	gift	great			great gift ! i purchased this item as a christmas gift for my brother in law since he's a mission impossible fan . he loved loves it ! ! shipping was great !
2			cd	old	sound	great	addictions	original			ancient audio , buy the 2007 remaster instead . in 2007 universal uk released a 2 d set , gold , that is actually addictions volumes 1 & 2 original addictions cd's are well over 15 years old , and completely out of date , from an audio quality remastered sound is great ; all rp fans should divest the older discs and get the gold set .
2			movie	great			could have been great . this is a very funny movie and it could have been a great family movie but the language is unacceptible . language is why i gave it a lower score
2			product	great	powerpoints	good	things	new	ect	great			great product . i got microsoft student 2007 and it works great i have 8 programs including word , powerpoint , access , onenote , groove , excel outlook and publisher . works great for a college student needing good powerpoints ect . on the other hand it is a bit tricky to use , you do have to learn a few new things , and were everything relocated too .
2			show	amazing	price	great			what can i really say about this show . this review is more on the 'shipper , and not so much the product itself . we all know this show is amazing ! one hell of a show ! i received the season right on time , and for such a great price !
1			wood	dry	quality	poor	packaging	poor	chair	due			poor quality . very poor packaging , it was broken in two places . the chair was extremely light due to the flimsy size of the arms , spindles in the back and seat . the wood was also dry and splintered . i would not recommend for anything other than a decorator piece .
1			movie	terrible	it	bad			wilfred rip off ish . bleh ! this movie was terrible . first , it destroyed my opinion on teddy rupskin . second , i am going to assume that mark wahlberg was forced to take this movie because i want to continue to have respect for him as an actor on the other hand , this is a step up for mara from that 70 s show . third , it was pretty bad . actually , very bad . i am saddened mw step your game back up or go back to being half naked in action movies . that is all .
2			story	personal	talent	major	recommendation	highest	book	fantastic	events	major			this was an excellent book ! my highest recommendation ! helen zia weaves her personal and amazing story with major events in asian american history . i learned so much that i should have learned in school but in an engaging and visceral way . she's a major talent and this is a fantastic , moving and thought provoking book !
2			buy	best	gamer	big no	it	great	computer	fast	one	new			fun if you can get it to work . after playing this game at a friend's house xbox , i decided to get it for my birthday . like many others , i had the same pixel shader issue . although my computer is generally pretty fast , i am not a big gamer and my video card was not up to date . i got a new one , not just for the sake of this game , but i needed a new one anyway . after best buy tried to charge $ 35 for installing it , i just installed it myself . try downloading the demo at to see if it will work on your game disk was then defective , upon which i called their support number and ordered a replacement free . of course , it got lost in the mail , and i had to order i got the game though , it was great . i highly recommend this game to all ages its really funny to see darth vader or maul made from legos . just get it at the store and make sure it you have the right video card ! m
2			im	new	price	great			smeagol my chinchilla loves it ! i was expecting to get the zebra print but its all good . i got a leopard print ! i read other reveiws that ppl got other colors so whenever my chinchilla needs a new hamock im gonna order from here ! ! its a great price and it comes in really fast ! !
2			information	great	book	great			great information for the breed . best to learn about this breed before becoming an owner . great book to get started .
2			books	new	book	great			great book . i really enjoy lori foster's writing and the stories . i look forward to her new books . i love the men in her books as they do what a man in the past did .
2			book	great	it	hard			great book . this is a wonderful book . you really get to know goldberg . this is a must buy for the wrestling fan . it's hard to put down !
2			product	available	product	great	it	easy	i	excited			great product . i was so excited to find this product still available . we have so many vhs tapes and it makes it easy to have this go along with them .
2			headphones	awesome	price	small	quality	great	bang	best			best bang for your buck , guaranteed . these headphones are simply awesome . great sound quality and comfort for a very small price . obviously , it doesn not sound as good as in ear monitors of higher end headphones , but for this price , you won not find anything better .
2			it	loud no	idea	great			works for about a year , somewhat . it's a great idea , but the chimes will stop working 9 os -1 r after you purchase it . the buzzer will still work and it's not too loud . getting it set up , doesn not work very well . cheap . if you wanted to buy this every year for $ 20 to wake up to wind chimes in the morn , than it will work for you , but don not expect it to last any longer than that .
2			it	old	disappointment	great	advances	remarkable	relevance	little			don not waste your money . on the asc website they misleadingly portray this book as updated with the latest information . well , the copyright date for the 3 d edition is 2001 that's right , it's 10 years old . other than the fundamentals on ire levels and time code etc it was a great disappointment to find little relevance to the remarkable advances in video based cinematography that have occured since the red cam for example .
2			stuff	extra	stuff	awesome	movie	good	quality	good			awesome . i love this movie , and it was great getting to see it in blu ray . there were things in the film that i didn not notice before , just because the quality was good . the extra stuff that came along with it was pretty awesome , too . the movie is good , and it's pretty close to the book .
2			form	great	talents	vocal	concert	good	band	unique	musicians	capable			finally a good concert from eric burdon . the animals , while lesser known than the beatles and stones , was one of the better british invasion bands . eric burdon's blend of blues and soul vocals made the band unique . burdon's solo career has been very uneven , from highs with the group war to totally forgettable material on his own records . this is the first recording since his work with war that approaches a showcase of his vocal talents . there are no liner notes , so i don not know where or when this was recorded , but eric's voice is in great form , and he has surrounded himself with some very capable musicians . i particularly like the springsteen cover tune . if you like the british invasion , try this cd . you can not beat the price , either .
1			customer	bad	hardware	bad	reason	big	service	suck			cute phone bad hardware and really bad customer support . this phone completely froze on me after exactly a month after the warranty expired 1 year from purchase and now reboots regularly at intervals of 10 minutes . i called customer support at t mobile who couln not help in anyway except making me do a master reset and and i lost all my phone still freezes and regularly reboots on me i guess i can use it as a paperweight entire time the phone actually worked the t mobile service sucked big timethe only reason i m giving it a one star is because thats the lowest i can get . pleaaase don not ever buy this phone and plase don not use t mobile
1			science	bad	poetry	nice			veliskovsky one more time . nice poetry ; bad science . this can be filed right next to mickey spillane under h for hack . greene couldn not shine steve weinberg's penny loafers . physics for know nothings one energyless neutron star .
2			husband	good	book	bad no	idea	general			written for the homer simpsons of the world . not a bad book , but seems clearly taylored towards the homer simpson type of father out there , some advice is good , while the rest of it is almost insulting to one's intelligence , or are there really that many fathers out there that have no clue ? if you have a general idea of how to be a good husband or father , dont get this book .
2			find	fantastic	quilts	little	i	happy	ideas	great			little quilts review . this was a fantastic find on amazon and i am super happy with all aspects of the transaction . the book is in excellent condition and even signed by the authors , a surprise ! tons of great ideas and all the patterns .
2			cut	fantastic	collaboration	awesome	jazz	instrumental	melodic	soft			excelent ! marcio has always been an excellent musician and this album is just the perfect example , his skills , his taste , his collaboration with genius licoln olivetti and their compositions for the trumpet and flgelhorn are awesome . most every cut in this album is fantastic , hidden place and aquarela do brasil are soft , sultry , melodic ; and cuts like terra mater / oberdan's groove / reunion / the 14 h day / take your time and one more light are fast paced brazilian instrumental jazz at its be st include it in your collection !
2			rest	great	points	low	remake	necessary no	i	hooked			there aren not the words to tell how much i enjoy this group ! in the early 80 s , i heard a song on the radio , with a chorus that sounded like it's a world war , which i thought sounded interesting , but forgot about it , not having heard it again for 20 years . . until i was watching hit me baby one more time in the summer of 05 and saw dale bozeo of missing persons perform words , and realized what i thought was it's a world war was really what are words for ? based on the one song , i put this cd on my wish list , and my dad got it for me . instead of telling you my favorite songs , i will tell you my low points on this project i like boys which embarrassed me , but not as much as berlin's sex i m a . . and an unnecessary remake of the doors classic hello , i love you . the rest was great . i m hooked .
2			they	similar	movies	great	films	awesome			great movies , but don not forget the first one mad max . i bought this pack after buying mad max , the first of this three part series . these two post apocalyptic films are awesome , thanks to mel gibson . they are similar to waterworld with kevin costner , but without the water . they are certainly worth owning , but be sure to get mad max fir st
2			filter	easy	output	great	filter	great			great canister filter . i ordered this product for my 55 gallon freshwater fish tank . the filter was very easy to put together . the filter took roughly 10 minutes to put it all together and had it in service . the filter has great output to help keep the tank clean . i would highley recommend this filter to anyone with an aquarium . it way surpasses my h . o . b . filter . extremely happy to have made this upgrade .
1			fabric	poor			batman joker . this batman is not very well made . batmans cape is of poor quaility fabric . both charaters have only minimal articulation , head shoulder & hip . if you want the joker to complete the justice league collection this is the only way i know to get one . sigh .
1			palace	worst	season	worth			well worth your time and money . season six had some of the most amazing episodes ever omwf , normal again , tabula rasa , grave , two to go and one of the worst doublemeat palace . the season is well worth the investment .
2			style	old	comedy	romantic	battle	little	entertainment	grand	score	great			errol & olivia . i just viewed the beautiful colorized version of this rousing version which features the famed little bighorn battle and its grand entertainment . flynn is flamboyant as all get out as custer and the fine vignettes during the episodic elements build up to the exciting last stand climax . olivia is fetching as elizabeth and grapewin's a hoot as california joe . the first half is romantic comedy while the second leads to inevitable tragic outcome , yet it's all expertly mounted although historically inaccurate and played in the best old hollywood style . steiner score is great ; this was the last teaming of dehavilland and flynn .
1			edition	worst	dissapointment	huge	typos	numerous	version	awful			the kindle version is awful . i have been diligently buying my favorite books for kindle and this is the worst kindle edition i have ever seen ! there are numerous , numerous typos yes i said numerous twice because there are so many and it has really affected my enjoyment of this book having to stop and figure out what it is supposed to say instead of what it does say . i would guess that this was created using and optical scanner because the words are not misspellings but more like it should be darn and instead it says dam . a huge dissapointment ! !
1			job	bad			bad ocr job on the kindle edition . at first when i was reading this book i would every now and then stumble across a misplaced character . tom cat became torn cat , every now and then a parenthesis would sneak its way in , or a that i m about halfway through , it seems like one very other page i encounter at least one instance of incorrect seems to me that this book was converted to kindle by means of optical character recognition ocr . whoever was reviewing the ocr job for mistakes wasn not very good in the first place , and it seems about halfway through he or she just gave up . having to stop and unwind the mystery of the misplaced character is just terrible for immersion . it's also inexcusable in age when the publisher certainly possesses perfect digital copies of the text .
2			charlotte	ok	singer	bad no			okay . i bought this cd and voice of an angel because i had heard so much about charlotte church and i had heard her singing on tv , i think charlotte is okay but when i hear her voice i don not envision angels at all , now sarah brightman has a voice that makes me think of the voice of an angel . charlotte's not a bad singer and i do think she has potential but i think she will be better in a few years when her voice is fully developed !
2			movie	great	music	great	song	great	i	pleased			great movie , thought about it all weekend ! the first thing i did when i got home from seeing this movie at the theater was get online to see when it came out to video . i was pleased to find i only had to wait 3 weeks ! i probably will go see it again at the theater , though . i cried at the begining and at the end , i laughed , i was angry . alot of emotions for this film ! great music , and great african song ! ! ! thumbs up
2			i	disappointed	depth	disappointed	service	great	it	old	items	flat	vista	new			good only for scanning flat items no depth of field for 3 dimensional items & only trial software . good only for scanning flat items no depth of field for 3 dimensional items & only trial software that you will need to pay extra for upgrades if you want to resize your photos , etc i am disappointed , as i have always used a scanner for items i list on auctions and this scanner is not really serving my purpose appropriately . i had a hewlett packard scanner that worked great for many years , but because i now have a computer with windows vista , it would not recognize my scanner because it was more than eight years old . so much for vista not too happy with that either . live and learn . now i see why so many people complain about the new windows vista . update scanner malfunctioned and canon offered great customer service and a replacement at no charge to me ! ! !
1			it	boring	it	bad	books	good			not good . i tried to read it , it was just so boring and bad . his other books are good , this book is not .
1			movie	believable no	movie	worst			very disapppointed . this is the worst movie i have ever seen winona ryder have a part in . it seems to me that about every one word spoken starts with an the writers of this movie must have a street language background . and the movie is just not believable i wasted my money on it . don not waste yours . i ended up throwing this movie in my dumpster when i finished watching it .
2			film	brilliant	film	great			i m stunned there is no us dvd . great film . can it be that the only dvd edition of this is for non us countries ? i think this film is brilliant . from start to finish , it showed the impact that one person can have with determination . it is a film in my library i watch at least once a year . what a crime to not have a dvd edition !
2			makers	previous	coffee	best	gadget	little	ground	fresh	fan	huge	maker	easy	beans	good	coffee	great			you need one of these . you love coffee . i happen to be a huge fan of iced coffee during the summer months . this little gadget makes the best iced coffee i have ever had . it does use coffee a bit faster than previous coffee makers i have had . i think that must be because i drink it stronger than i used to due to the lack of acidity in the end product . really delicous coffee maker is very easy to use and you will get great coffee if you just follow a couple of simple rules 1 don not think that cheap coffee will yield any other kind of end result . treat yourself ! get good , freshly roasted beans .2 only use coarse ground coffee preferable very fresh and ground the same day you use it . fine ground coffee will take forever to drip through the felt filter .3 remember to put the stopper in from the outside ! i actually put it in from the inside and almost lost a whole pot of coffee trying to pull it through .
2			i	aware	you	interested	publishing	limited no	house	huge	job	nice	hassle	little	markets	major	book	great			nice job ! great book ! i gave this book a four , and not a five , only because it covered a lot of info of which i was already aware . however , i heartily recommend this book if you are at all interested in publishing a manuscript you have written . if you want your book published quickly , professionally , and with little hassle and headache . stop your searching , buy this book , and go with unlimited publishing the same publisher responsible for u publish . don not waste time trying to find an agent , and trying to get a huge house to publish you . go with up and have your book in all the major markets within four months , and let the book's performance decide the value of the work . i did , and i am continually simply thrilled with my decision . you will not be disappointed in the lea st buy u publish . then go with up !
2			entertainment	good	quality	great			early edition 1 & 2 . awesome tv show ! great feel good entertainment . quality was great ! i hope they tv gods that be will put out the rest of the series , because fans like me would buy immediately .
2			feel	great	stuff	good			wonderful show gets terminated . t scc is just another example of how far tv has fallen . its down to simple minded programers trying to please equally dim witted viewers . any show that pushes the envelop or encourages intelligent discussion is either canceled or has its budget slashed . sadt scc is a beautifully acted drama centered in the terminator universe . while the plots can be hit or miss , the writers have a great feel for the characters and the legacy the show carries . its a mix of action and drama centering on a boy with an inescapable destiny and a mother who will sacrifice anything to save him from it . good stuff and now its gone .
1			disappointment	big	joy	available	place	private	habit	bad			my bad habit . i have a bad habit of giving away books i love when i find others who love them . when i gave away my copy of a fine and private place , i found i could not replace it . what a joy to know it is available again . i found the last unicorn to be a big disappointment in comparison .
2			book	outstanding	athlete	great	cultures	different	book	great			great book for expectant parents . this is an outstanding book that should be read by both expectant parents . it discusses not to raise a child that is how an a student , great athlete , or future world leader , but rather how to raise a student who does well in school , life , and white interviewed parents from different cultures and child rearing methods and gives the reader straight advise on methods to improve your child's chances for success in their life ahead . i highly recommend this book to anyone who is ready to have their first and also as a re read to those working on their second , third , etc a definite must !
2			intention	original	score	original	opera	great	revisions	major			a great opera a slightly disappointing release . jenufa leos janacek's breakout composition had a long and in some ways turgid performance history . the present recording , using the original score before major revisions by the composer in the 1920 is welcome if only for the ability to compare janacek's original intention with his later reflections and alterations . having said that , the audio quality lacks immediacy and presence and the otherwise excellent production values are ultimately hindered by the lackluster sound . indeed , after viewing this dvd i immediately took out the mackerras jenufa recording elizabeth soderstrum to remind me just exactly how this magnificent opera is supposed to sound . it's a pity that there is not another dvd available ; this opera deserves the widest possible audience .
2			game	great	vacation	new			the sims vacation . hayis this ready for mac yet ? the sims game is great i have a mac and your add does not spell out mac for the new sims vacation . so please let me know as soon as possible to i can buy it from you . thanksmel
1			technique	bad	technique	literary	prejudices	personal			not up to standard . this book was a required text , otherwise i never would have read it . the book is full of inconstancies , bad literary technique , and it takes to many pages to cover not enough material . the authors personal prejudices are obvious . there are better books on teamwork available .
2			selection	natural	fun	great	peter	marvelous			bloodmusic meets the thing . i am not easily scared but this flick has the right balance of fright and philosophy to satisfy an intelligent viewer . it is obviously inspired by greg bear's bloodmusic novel and carpenter's movie the thing . peter o not oole is marvelous as the mad scientist and a rare horror film role for him . i liked the ideas it presents clashing darwin's natural selection as the unseen ancient enemy versus a version of christian eschatology . great fun !
1			typesetting	poor	information	little	book	final	problem	main			does not use standard b n form , poor typesetting . as others mentioned , this is not a vhdl guide ; rather it is exactly what the title says , a guide to vhdl syntax only . my main problem with it is the book doesn not use backus naur form to describe the syntax , but arrows drawn everywhere , which takes up a lot of space for very little information per typesetting is extremely poor ; it looks like the final book was written on a typewriter and photocopied . there are blemishes on most of the pages .
1			score	negative	romance	worst	sex	graphic			the worst romance book i have ever read ! this was , by far , the worst romance i have ever had to suffer through reading . there was absolutely no plot , and an overabundance of graphic sex . the characters are flat and driven by only one thought satisfying thier overactive hormones . by the end of the book , i didn not care what became of the characters , wishing that the heroine had not survived the shipwreck . not even worth touching . i would have given it a negative score if i could have .
2			album	great	classic	true	it	bad no	song	best	cha	hot			a true classic . i just went to a tmbg concert in which they played flood in its entirety , and was reminded what a great album it really is . hot cha is probably the weakest song , and it's not that bad and it's pretty much the only song i would even call weak . this andfactory showroomare probably the only two tmbg albums that i would say are winners straight through although i haven not listened to their kids albums yet . others , like apollo 18 or the else , are a mix of hits and misses , but these two just keep on delivering . and of course , this album contains birdhouse in your soul , probably the single best song the johns have you are here because you have bought their music for your kids and are curious what their adult music sounds like , flood is absolutely the place to start .
1			song	different	album	great	thing	bad	they	catchy	they	original	song	bad	albums	original	picks	useless			a breakthrough album . this is one of the most original albums i have hea rd it's a shame they lost that with their follow up album . anyway , this is a great album . their songs are structured creatively , and each song is different . unique ! there is not one bad song on this album . and the lyrics are not generic ! they are catchy and original and make you think . but that can be a bad thing , because radio people don not want to think . that's probably why unloco didn not become popular with this album . but if you want to break from the mainstream , pick this album up . some top picks are useless , clean , face down , nothing .
2			i	sorry	turok	ashamed	graphics	fantastic	creators	ashamed			turok 3 . i purchased turok 3 in hopes of being equally stunned by the graphics that i saw in turok 2 i m sorry to say i was let down big time . turok 3 does not even come close to the fantastic graphics that you seen in 2 it seems slower and has jerky movements . i would encourage people not to purchase it . the creators or turok 3 should be ashamed of the quality of this game .
1			buyer	aware	smell	strong	it	bad			buyer be aware . this product was sent to me and it stunk like tabacco ! ! the smell was so strong that everyone in the office asked me if i was smoking . i dont smoke it was so bad i threw it away .
2			game	great	factor	little	graphics	great			tremendous ! this game is a great game . it has it all great graphics , sound , and overall display . but there is just one thing missing the hook , charm , replay . the first one was unbelievible , had to have been the game of that time . now though this is the game of at least till halo 2 comes out in 2 days besides that little factor i would give this 2 nd or 3 d place for game of the year . just remember if you plan to buy this game be ready for whenever you come back from college , school , or work maybe you will want to play . rock on !
2			way	great	city	particular	driver	young			smart , funny , deep . modelo is an excelent novel that satarts slowly seducing you , but towards the end , you are completley blown away by the passion between an elderly virgin and a young taxi driver . a great way to see through the eyes of love a very particular mexico city .
1			issue	constant	packaging	poor	vendor	different	copy	fine			very poorly packaged . i ordered these dvd rws on 6 -15 -11 and they arrived on 6 -22 -11 in a cardboard box with no padding whatsoever . as a result , the plastic container in which the rws are packaged was cracked at the bottom and a piece came off . i have used one of these dvds for recording in a hdd dvdr player recorder and the off air copy is fine . the finalized recorded video plays in a mac under the mac dvd player , in a pc under windows media player and in a toshiba cd dvd player . it will not play in my pc under vlc 0.8 .6 . i can not comment on performance of the unused dvds nor whether or not the maxell brand product will allow proper erasure and recording in a mac or pc platform computer . i certainly do not recommend that you purchase anything fragile from amazon this item is shown as coming from a different vendor but fulfilled packaged by amazon . poor packaging by amazon has been , for me , a constant and long standing issue , with proper packaging the exception rather than a given .
2			stories	interesting	topic	interesting	item	great	version	original			worth having on your bookshelf . i enjoyed this book , although the author's commentary is not always as engaging as i would like . still , the topic and stories are interesting on their book is a great discussion item ; i have pulled it out in more late night conversations than any other book i own . friends are always fascinated at it's unique treatment of a relatively un discussed topic . i gave my original version away before realizing it was out of print , and had to order a second copy at a steep price but worth it .
2			white	black	school	high	paintings	historical	painter	great	images	small			a painter of russian history . i was introduced to surikov and his splendid historical paintings more than fifty years ago when i was in high school , as several of them were included in the book an illustrated history of russia . these were in black and white and the images were small , so that i thought of them , not as works of art , but merely as illustrations . i now realize that he was indeed a great painter .
2			all	great	book	new	dimensions	physical	versions	previous	sanity	little	printing	particular	versions	recent			love the course but not this edition . i love the course and highly recommend it to anybody searching for a little sanity in this world . all totally great and transforming stuff . this review relates not to the content of the course but to the physical dimensions of this particular printing of the book . warning this edition is a new , smaller book with much smaller print than all previous versions of the blue book . the dimensions are 8 x 5 x 1.5 inches versus the usual 9.5 x 6.5 x 1.5 the pagination is the same as the most recent versions so the only difference is the smaller font . this might not seem like much of a difference indeed , this might be preferential for somebody wanting a smaller book to carry about but it results in pages with much smaller print making it even harder to read ;
2			book	great			great book . first , it's not a very long book , but it manages to convey a lot . easy to read , with no sophistications , it speaks from a down to earth point of view , about less down to earth areas of our existence such as self knowledge and divinity . i recommend it to anyone who want to explore his own dimensions without risking to get lo st
2			writer	professional	i	disappointed	deal	great			disappointing . after reading the other reviews , i was looking forward to reading this book . sad to say , i was very disappointed . i too gave up my child in the 50 s and have reunited with him now that he's in his 40 s . i was hoping for much more content on the feelings that the author experienced in reuniting with her son . instead , i got pages and pages about family get togethers in which the author went on and on about who was there grandchildren , wives , daughters , daughters in laws , sons , husband , etc . moreover , being a professional writer , i felt the book was poorly written and needed a great deal of editing . considering there are other books on the market for the same price that are 300 better primal wound , for example , i felt it was money that could have been better spent elsewhere .
1			story	worst	it	disturbing			cat genocide . seriously , my sister and i liked this story as kids but looking back we find it really disgusting and disturbing . a million cats kill / eat / destroy each other in a battle over who is the most beautiful . we didn not get it at the time but now it seems the worst story you could give to animal loving kids .
2			waffles	great	product	good	burn	high			unstable and high burn danger . this would have been a good product but the reversible plates are poorly secured and the rear hinge cannot be locked into either position causing it to be very unstable . every metal surface becomes extremely hot and is a high burn danger . it makes great waffles but how badly do you want a waffle ?
2			smells	good	smell	great			great smell . this waas a christmas gift for my wife and she loves it . it smells so good and she uses it daily .
2			value	good	quality	great			good value . great quality , compact intelligent design down to the rubberized honey combed surfaces on the sides and scroll wheel ; this is the wireless mouse for my laptop .
2			economy	modern	book	great			great book for explaining the modern global economy . an interesting historic account of the rise of containerized shipping , whose success has completely changed the modern world economy . nothing will ever be the same again as long as container ships are here .
2			producers	interested	producers	original	aspects	best	recordings	original	remastering	positive no	collection	great	snare	memorable			remastering is not a positive . this is a great collection of songs by the smiths but the remastering has ruined the best aspects of the original recordings . for example hand in glove , which for me had just about the snappiest and most memorable snare sound courtesy of producer john porter , but the remastered version reduces the snare to a soul less dull thud . all the highs from the cymbals and guitar have gone too . perhaps the very best of . producers were only interested in forming a unified sound to this whole album , but they have shown no regard for the integrity of the original recordings and as good as the smiths were , to me it was their original producers who made their music sound so compilation still gets 4 stars for the songs themselves , which are all winners , but i would recommend all of the original recordings as being far superior in both fidelity and style .
2			it	different	film	different	twist	great			a good , different film . this is my first review here on amazon , so what does that tell you ? this is one of my favourite fil ms i first watched buffalo 66 having no idea what it was about , or what genre of movie it belonged to . i have seen this movie around 15 times , and i can not decide whether it is a comedy , drama , romance , all three ? anyways , it is one of those movies with a great twist in the end and many quotable lines . i can not say enough about this film . just check it out , it is different . we all need different . good different , too .
2			thoughts	new	leader	effective	business	dynamic	concepts	new	change	innovative	part	important	i	pleased	job	fantastic	ideas	new			keep your mind sharp with the harvard business review . i have been subscribing to the harvard business review for most of my career , and have been very pleased . staying current with new ideas and new concepts is such an important part of being an effective leader in today's dynamic harvard business review has done a fantastic job of providing a catalyst for infusing new thoughts into an organization that is striving to improve performance and drive innovative change .
2			way	best	introduction	great	people	good	it	close	versions	live	hits	greatest	gates	personal	yes	classic			the best way to introduce someone to the music of yes . classic yes was my first yes album , bought after a friend turned me on to it during an evening of contemplative listening . while being their best greatest hits package , it could have been better as evidenced by the 4 star rating rather than 5 . if it had the studio versions of roundabout and i have seen all good people it would be pretty close to perfect the imperfect live versions work better for people who are already yes fans . i also would have substituted either 'siberian khatru or 'sound chaser for wonderous stories , but that's personal preference gates of delerium would make it the perfect cd for long car trips ! a great introduction to one of the most exquisite progressive rock bands .
2			service	great	basis	regular	tool	great			great tool . this is a really great tool and my dog seems to like it also . when i pick it up , she automatically comes to me for a brushing . we cut her hair first because she was full of things from the woods , then we started using the furminator for maintenance on a regular basis . she's a brittany , so she normally has long hair . the service from the seller was great . had my furminator in a hand full of days . thank you to all .
2			value	repetitive	dissapointment	great	theres	live			blind disgrace by dark dr . project snow blind is a great dissapointment its only value in the game its self is xbox live quality theres no co op gameplay is a bit repetitive and pointless stay away from this game better options are timespliters and psi ops the mind gate conspiracy
2			performance	vocal	performance	best	cd	great			wonders of whitney . this is a great cd if you listen to it a few times . absolutely stupdenous . whitney's voice sounds great . she's gaining back her power and her beauty . her depth of feeling is unmatchable . no other female singer today can match whitney's glory . i gave it four stars , because i thought the title song one wish was hokey and un inspired . whitney deserved a better single than her rendition of come o emanuel is the best vocal performance i have ever heard from her . absolutely is the perfect christmas album . go whitney !
2			it	short	persfective	historical	persfective	great	thing	bad	combination	great	love	great	laws	great			history and love great combination . amin maalouf did a very fine job in the formation of this novel , when combining the fiction with the hisctorical realities . this novel tells about a great love of omar khayyam , and concludes with the titanic accident . a great historical persfective , huh ? it also includes some rubai's of omar khayyam , in which he opposes the god's nature , and god's laws , which i found to be really great . i strongly recommend this book , to learn something about omar khayyam , a small and msyterious history of the middle east , and to have a great time . the only bad thing is you will finish reading it not more than one night , not beacuse it is short but you can not stop reading it .
2			laurie	awesome	season	good			house , m . d . season two rules . hugh laurie as dr gregory house is so awesome ! ! season two was just as good as season one , i am so so looking forward to the release of season three .
2			intro	good	item	great			good intro to meditation . this is a great item for someone practicing in christianity to see the ties the bible has to meditation 12 step as well .
2			gadget	little	wine	old	gadget	great			great little gadget . got this for my elderly mom , she has a hard time with the old conventional wine bottle openers . she loves this !
1			packaging	poor	week	next	bottle	loose			poor packaging . haven not used the product yet beach vacation starts next week . only received 2 3 of a bottle due to poor packaging . the bottle was loose in the bottom of the box and leaked all over .
2			it	disappointing	one	new	story	great			eleven on top . the story is great ; it is the tapes i am complaining about . i gave it 1 star because there was nothing lower . the first shipment i received had the end of the story missing . i returned it , and received a new one . this tape is missing even more of the story at the end . so it must be a manufacturing defect . no matter how great the book is , when you don not get to hear the ending it is pretty disappointing .
1			movie	bad	acting	bad	one	lucky	bad	bad	premise	bad	it	bad	dialog	bad			bad , movie ! i rented this movie from my library and , when it was over , i started to laugh . i knew that the librarian would probably ask me how it was since it stars kevin costner ! and i realized i didn not have words to describe was a bad movie . bad movie . bad , movie ! the premise was bad , the acting was bad , the dialog was bad . i considered putting the movie in the drop box , rather than face a librarian , but i had to pick up some other ite ms i hoped that i would get one of the librarians who doesn not chit chat , but i was not so lucky . when she asked , i started to laugh . it's bad , so bad i don not know how to describe it ! now that i have gotten this off my chest , i will not spend another minute thinking about this movie . it's bad !
2			passporter	informative	tool	valuable	experiences	personal	aspect	valuable	perks	extra	detail	great	perks	little	passporter	personal			best of 3 disney guidebooks i have read . i have bought 3 disney guidebook , and passporter is the most informative . instead of a paragraph , passporter has about 5 pages dedicated to each disney resort , including information as room size , room layouts , amenities , maps , etc the authors go into great detail of describing all aspects of each resort . they also add their own personal experiences and preferences . passporter also includes those extra little perks that i might otherwise overlook ! the restaurant ratings are also another valuable tool . seeing what the authors and readers have rated a disney restaurant helps me decide where i would like to visit . i like having more than the official view ! one valuable aspect of passporter is that you can go online and print updates to your edition . overall , i enjoy the personal touches passporter includes instead of the glossed over official version . i m planning my 9 h trip to orlando , and i still refer to passporter for trip planning .
1			wiring	poor	item	new	craftmanship	bad	noise	extra	breathing	heavy	investment	good	it	great			hit and miss . i purchased this item brand new from gamestop for about the same price as amazon . motorolla does make headsets for the nfl coaches so i thought that this would be a good investment . excellent sound quality and mic the foam thing on the mic cuts down extra noise you make from heavy breathing or from a fan . for the first 2 -3 months it worked fine , but then it started losing sound and the mic wasn not working properly probably due to poor wiring or bad craftmanship with the male connectors on the headset to the controller . the headset is heavier than others , so there is more force that is needed to keep it on one's head and that's where it squeezes your temple area the pad on the opposite side of the earphone . if you do purchase this hopefully you don not get a lemon . it's great when it works , but seeing that other people have had the same problems as i have , it's a 50 50 purchase .
2			author	great	book	next	book	great			the 5 h horseman . another great book by james patterson . can not wait to read all of his books . what a great author . can not wait for the next book .
2			effort	strong	megadeth	classic	buy	good	album	good	riffs	great			a strong effort from megadeth . i felt that this was a good album by megadeth but like all early megadeth albums was weakened by cheap production . its got some great riffs in it though and is one of megadeth's heavier albu ms it could have been a lot better if it just sounded better , by that i mean if the guitars and drums just sounded louder and more clear , oh well , its still a good buy . in my darkest hour is classic megadeth too .
2			mix	great	it	good	concert	big	moffatts	awesome			awsome c . d . i read an article on the moffatts and i thought that they sounded a lot like hanson my fav . band and then they played at a big concert here that some of my friends went to and they said that the moffatts were just awsome . so i decided to buy the album and i just loved it . it's a great mix of pop and rock and it's just really really good . i got all my friends to love the moffatts and they love it , so i would really really reccomend this c . d . to anyone who loves hanson and pop / rock ! !
1			information	poor	book	bad			very poor information . this book is really bad , all this information is found free everywhere in the internet , nothing author justs tries to earn a living .
2			introduction	good	songs	great	choice	good	songs	greatest	cd	new	songs	familiar	music	best	hearts	hate	brother	big	songs	best			good introduction to the eurythmics . this is a good introduction to the eurythmics , but definitely not a collection of their best music . while most of the familiar songs are here , it doesn not contain some of their greatest songs , like revenge and never gonna cry again from in the garden , the walk from sweet dreams , no fear no pain no hate no broken hearts from touch , julia and for the love of big brother from 1984 it's alright baby's coming back from be yourself tonight , the last time from revenge , beethoven , you have placed a chill in my heart , shame , and savage from savage , or my my baby's gonna cry , revival , and we two are one from we too are one . this should have been a 2 cd set . and the new eurythmics cd , peace , has many great songs too . of the songs that are here , angel and don not ask me why are the best songs . all of the songs , however , are great , and if you can not afford to buy all of the eurythmics wonderful cds , this is a good choice .
2			allusions	laughable	subject	great	storyline	rich			a disaster , yes . glamorous , number don not bother with glamorous disasters . schrefer proves that you don not need to be female to write mediocre chick lit . we have seen it all before , another played out savage the rich storyline , but without any of the humor or style of schrefer's predecessors . any allusions to fitzgerald are such a stretch as to be laughable , the writing is clunky and obvious . worst of all , schrefer does little with a potentially great subject of tutoring his characters are one dimensional stereotypes . his publishers should know better .
2			comfort	worth	alternative	great	looked	small	it	enjoyable			great alternative to a spring based mattress . this took a few days longer than i expected to arrive and came vacuum sealed in a box that looked much too small to contain a full sized mattress . upon opening it , the mattress expanded and i allowed it to take shape on the floor for a day to ensure the folds would come out . after sleeping on this for several weekends it is for a cabin futon i have been pleased with the comfort in the morning . it is much more enjoyable than a spring based mattress and i feel my comfort is worth the price .
2			smith	essential	reasons	good	smith	fantastic	blue	tiny			two songs any connie collection needs . the super hits series is a budget line that has short running times and quirky song choices , which in the case of connie smith is an asset . a number of songs from the fantastic essential connie smith are here including once a day and cincinnati , ohio . there are 2 good reasons to own this disc in spite of the repeats from essential . tiny blue transistor radio and where is my castle are both here and both hard to find . sadly , this comp is out of print , but do try to find it used and reasonably priced to add to your connie collection .
1			cylinders	little	waste	total	feel	bad			don not buy this ! total waste of time and money although it was gift , for which i feel bad . poorly engineered too much work to set up and ultimately , you can not even get the paint to come out of the little cylinders . frustrating for me , even ! let alone my son . avoid this toy .
2			schoolboy	high	story	great			dreadful . this is the worst of the wor st jonathan rhys meyers , while beautiful , performs like a junior high schoolboy , and jennifer tilly will make you want to take a xanax and hit someone . such a waste of a great story .
2			playing	great	playing	hot	performance	particular	quality	weak			i love danny gatton ! i have always thought that the overall quality of the dvd was a litle weak but the playing is great . i recently read an article in guitar player magazine in which tom principato says that the only existing recording of that particular performance was his own vhs copy . that copy was used to produce the dvd . explains why the quality isn not so great but . danny's playing is hot ! ! and tom's no slouch either ! if you are an axe slinger you will overlook the production weaknesses and you will be blown away by the music !
1			comments	negative	waste	total	period	short	it	difficult	review	poor			total waste . i purchased this surgical binder and after one wearing i tossed it in the bin . it was difficult to put on and it rolled over after a short period of use . i was approached by a rep of the company to ask that i remove the unfavorable review that i had posted earlier . they proposed a full refund if i erased my negative comments . against my better judgement and principles i agreed , but never did receive reimbursement even after filing a complaint with amazon . very poor business review will stay this time , regardless of temptation . this is not a product i would recommend , especially after finding far better alternatives that satisfy my needs .
2			memory	good	it	quick	job	large	printer	heavy no	printer	real no	printer	great			great laster printer ! i have had this printer for many years . i m not a real heavy printer , but when i have got a large print job , this printer is a workhorse . it is pretty quick to come out of sleep mode , and i have never had a single paper jam . that's more than i can say for many of the hp's i have used over the memory was very easy to upgrade . i do wish it had a larger capacity paper tray , but considering i paid less than a hundred bucks for this printer that is a very minor of my favorite aspects of this printer is that it is very well supported in linux , and even the windows drivers don not load up your system with useless , memory hogging build quality is surprisingly good , without being too heavy . i highly recommend this printer .
2			depth	great			very interesting . i enjoyed reading this book very much . the characters are written about in great depth ; they were all so colorful . this was a book read for a book club , i probably would never have picked it out for myself , but i am so glad that i read it .
2			it	right	it	interesting	leaders	political	it	wrong	amount	great	book	good			sissela bok's lying good book . really enjoyed reading bok's thoughts on lying her explorations into why we lie , how we justify it , and if our justifications are valid . i thought it was most interesting to read about lying for the public good and that a great amount of americans expect their leaders to lie . i think it's sad that an expectation of lying in our society and especially among our political leaders even exists . i like that bok concludes her book with a message of hope saying that it is possible to raise the expectation of honesty and raise the integrity of people in this country . i recommend this book to everyone . i think all people need to understand what lying is , when it is right and wrong , and all need to set a higher expectation of honesty . the standard of honesty needs to be raised in this country and it can only be done through individuals .
2			ideas	good	letdown	big	article	great			really stretching to make this a book . the good ideas in this book would have made a great magazine article , but that's about it . i have all of the other shabby chic books and i love them , but this one was a big letdown . i couldn not believe there was a chapter on how to decorate your kid's lunch ! another thing the publisher calls this a hardcover , but it's not .
1			it	bad			yes , it really was that bad . why go to the trouble to write a book and make the heroine so darn annoying and the uninspiring hero so absolutely beastly to the annoying heroine until the very end of the story when he yeah , love you too . ? besides all that , the convoluted plot stunk , the mysteries were non existing , and the end of the book left me wondering how i could have wasted so much time .
1			quality	expensive no	smell	horrendous	product	new	quality	poor	price	affordable	silicone	soft			inexpensive but poor quality . the set was shipped with a carrying case that was covered in an oil like substance and either the oil or the case itself smelled horrendous . also , the punches are very dull and not uniformly sharpened or dulled , however you look at it . i have difficulties cutting through even thin , soft silicone sheets . sharpening them with a rotary tool helps , but i feel i shouldn not have to do that with a brand new product which i am sure is actually repackaged . i can not imagine using them for metal , let alone most rubbers . despite the very affordable price , i would not have purchased this set for the above reasons .
2			stuff	great			love it ! here i was thinking , roland , not my favorite tff member . amazed me ! i really like this cd ! i have been a fan since the release of the hurting . i do like this better than some of the things he tried to do as a tff without curt . tff is roland and curt . together they make tff . not alone ! this though , i must say is great stuff !
2			i	glad	exercises	great	workouts	great	shape	little			kickin my butt . the workouts are great , if you follow workouts how they are shown to you and push yourself then prepare for a transformation . i was never overweight , but a little out of shape , and after just a couple weeks i m regaining definition and building muscle . the cardio exercises are great too , i m glad i finally decided to purchase p 90 . don not wait any longer if your serious about getting into shape .
1			movie	bad	movie	terrible	science	worst	plot	bad	songs	popular	exoskeletons	powerful	book	original	movies	worst	bursts	short			one of the worst science fiction movies i have ever seen . bad plot and very poor and stiff acting . while the powerful battle exoskeletons are more in keeping with the original book by robert heinlein , this is a very bad movie . the federation has become a fascist state ; it executes any person with the courage to voice opposition to the war with the bugs and has banned the practice of religion . one of the most popular songs refers to dying for the cause of the federation . while this is not in of itself a factor that makes a terrible movie , the stiff acting and plot devices that revolve around these premises do . religion is reasserted , but the early practitioners do it so poorly that their zeal is far too artificial to be believed . their expression of rapture is so poorly done that it leaves you of the worst science fiction movies i have ever seen , this movie is one that i could only watch in short bursts rather than at one sitting .
2			i	impressed	software	simple	printer	great	part	best	manufacturers	extra	software	easy			great printer . this is my first non hp printer and i am very impressed . the print quality on b&w text seems slightly less than hp , but marginally to the point of who cares . color comes out wonderfully . however , the best part was the ease of setting it up and the software . including paper port . my wife and i both share this printer on a network and the printer and software is designed for use on a network , unlike other products . very cool . the software is easy to use and simple . both the printer and software does what it is supposed to do , without all the extra unneeded stuff other manufacturers jam in there . i love this printer . especially for the price .
2			buy	great	way	best	product	worth	bag	available			the diaper champ is a great buy ! we received the diaper champ at our son's baby shower shortly after he was born . this is absolutely the best way i have seen to dispose of used diapers on the market today . all you have to do is put any kind of bag inside the champ and close the lid . then you just drop the used diaper in the hole and flip the handle . that's it . so simple that it can be done with one hand at 1 m in the morning when even you aren not fully awake ! we have been using it for about 3 1 2 months now and i wouldn not trade it for 's very economical since you can use any available plastic bag plus there is no odor associated with it . we normally have to change it about every 3 or 4 days and for our newborn son , that could mean anywhere from 30 to 40 diapers ! this product is well worth the money !
2			story	outstanding	british	entire	view	great	story	true			a great and politically incorrect view of war . this is an outstanding true story of the burma war , with none of the malarky that passes for reporting these days . the author does not excuse or whitewash jap , as he calls him , and does not engage in soul searching about tactics used to defeat a brutal enemy . when compared to the all out determination of the entire british and american nation to win , the near treasonous undercutting of their own country since the end of ww ii by liberals of all stripes becomes even more despicable . this is a fine story of the bravery and confusion of war from the foot soldier's point of view .
1			script	horrible	acting	horrible	movie	worst			worst movie ever . the acting and the script for this aalfred hitchcock movie are horrible . save your money and order one of his later movies .
2			show	great			love it ! i just loved this sitcom . i forgot how funny it was till i bought the seasons on dvds . great show .
1			flow	poor	chat	constant			what a lousy experience . in every sense , auditory , visual , etc very poor flow , no corrections , constant chat by the instructor , etc one could get hurt attempting to follow this awful your bucks and try one of the shiva rea or white lotus dvd's , or even the yoga for surfer's series i use their yfs number 2 workout when i travel , excellent for a hotel room ! namaste !
2			songs	real	nothing	great	punk	live			great live punk cd . this is a great live punk , crued , drunk and nothing but real timeless songs here i don not care about you , let's start a war , more beer , beef baloney , i love livin in the city& waiting for the meat timeless classics from fear !
1			job	poor	experience	pleasant			a book you should avoid . if this was not the first java book i read , my java learning experience would have been much more pleasant . the book did a poor job in explaining concepts such as constructors , etc i found errors even in the operator precedence . the other two java books i read did a much better job and clarified most of the confusion i got from liang's book . if you have a choice , you should avoid this book .
2			jars	little	they	perfect	presentation	great	jar	basic			great presentation for home made xmas gifts ! infused bourbon for the first time and wanted something different from the basic canning jar for it . had decided on one of the hinged type of glass jars when i came across these . truly beautiful little jars ! can not speak to how good they are for canning but they were perfect for bourbon infused with vanilla and cinnamon !
1			driver	new	cycle	hard	felt	nice	os	bad	mouse	nice			nice mouse but bad w / os x 10.4 .10 and laptops . i just got off the phone with logitech support about this . i tried using the mx revolution with my macbook pro . every time i tried to sleep the mbp with the logitech control center 2.2 .2 software , the machine would lock up , forcing a hard power cycle . it would also randomly crash . logitech said this is a known issue with their 2.2 .2 software and os x 10.4 .10 and that a new driver should be out in a month or so . that's also leopard compatible . the mouse itself felt nice in the hand and with a little more tweaking , i think it could have been my favorite , but for now , i will go back to my only slightly buggy lcc 2.0 software and the mx 600 mouse .
1			i	surprised	you	high	it	laughable	reviews	wrong	movie	good	reviews	good	movies	worst			lame movie . this is absolutely one of the worst movies i have seen in years and i have 547 movies ! ! this movie might be good if you are high on drugs , but otherwise , avoid it like the plague . i m really surprised that it got such good reviews . i actually bought it based on the reviews but this time , i think the reviews are wrong . this movie tries to use symbolism and random camera moves so much that it's laughable . it basically is the sort of movie images that is for the idiots . if you want a movie that will stimulate your mind . avoid this movie . you would be better spending 2 hours watching sponge bob square pants .
1			pointless	stupid	game	worst	waste	biggest			worst game ever . this game is the biggest waste of $ 20 that i have ever seen . stupid , boring , slow , pointless . anybody want mine ?
2			delay	long	i	pleased no	service	great			terrible . in the past i have had great service with amazon . however , i am not pleased at all with duro med . when i get it i enjoy using it . but this time the delay is far too long .
2			movie	best	film	great	disappointment	big	disappointment	major			the one score big disappointment . i very much enjoyed the music in the movie , like ive enjoyed all of jet li's movie soundtracks . but myself and others were at a major disappointment when jet li's best movie yet was a score . who wants to listen to instrumentals and none of the actual music to such a great film ? when they thought of the soundtrack , what were they thinking ? obviously nothing .
2			tool	educational	tool	great			great educational tool . i used the video series for middle school american history . awesome graphics ! the students really enjoyed it . the videos kept them captivated and really held their attention . recommend for educators
2			plates	healthy	recipes	easy	countries	different	ideas	good	book	great			easy and colorful . it's a great book , plenty if recipes really easy and with a lot of variety . it has influences from a lot of different countries and the plates are very healthy . a lot of good ideas .
2			game	great	crashes	horrible	patch	recent	computer	new			fun game , unfortunately buggy for me . this is a great game that i would not hesitate rating a 5 overall for , but unfortunately it crashes way too much for me to enjoy it . i am playing this game on a new computer , and even after downloading the most recent patch for it 1.4 it still has horrible crashes that prevent me from enjoying will get a 5 from me when the crashing issues are fixed .
2			store	regular	sp	awesome	it	loud	brand	new	cd	regular			don not waste your time and money ! i bought this brand new , factory sealed , and i couldn not even get it to play a regular cd bought in the store without skipping like crazy ! trying to play a cd r was even worse . it would either skip or just lock up . another piece of junk made in china . the volume settings are not gradual . it's either off or too loud . since i couldn not even play a regular store bought cd without it skipping constantly , i didn not waste any more time by burning mp 3 s . i immediately returned this player and put the money towards the rio sp 250 which is completely awesome ! you have to pay a lot more for it though . since the rio is also made in china , i bought the extended two year warranty . i just wish i would have read the reviews before i purchased the rca . don not make the same mistake i did ! listen to the reviews . don not waste your time and money on the rca !
2			exercises	available	choice	difficult	workout	great	it	easy			tough but doable ! with several ballet conditioning exercises available it can be a difficult choice , but this is one of the best i have used . i have limited ballet experience but that is no matter with this dvd . it's easy to follow with instructions and counts , only hindrance for me was the inability to follow the rear leg lifts exactly . however i expect this to not be an issue with time and practice . the core workout was great ! i could handle a bit more of it though . i expect to use it every other day in between cardio and weights .
2			fiction	historical	books	outstanding	hopes	high	novel	bad no	research	extensive			i suppose that my hopes were too high . this is not a bad novel , nor a poorly written one . the author's fascination with his subject matter and his extensive research are evident . but despite these factors , i found this book to be rather middle of the road , and the characters you truly crave meticulously researched historical fiction , i strongly suggest gary jennings's the journeyer , aztec , or newly published in mass market the roadshow spangle . these books are all outstanding , and leave memoirs in the du st
1			thing	hard	beginning	outstanding	third	final	ending	poor			good beginning / poor ending . the beginning of the book was outstanding . i could hardly put it down . however the romance with chris came across as so sappy this is an example of a man trying to write from a woman's perspective and missing badly and the whole trust thing with the four women protagonists was hard to believe . also , the final third of the novel was very contrived . i would pass on recommending it to anyone .
2			series	great			loves abiding joy . the whole love comes softly series is just great ! our family views them over and over because they have such excellent life messages .
2			card	good	report	great	card	next			fun toy for grandma and grandson . i bought this for my grandson because he had a great report ca rd we both set down and went through the instructions page by page and put it together . there were a couple of parts missing , but i intend to call the company and get the parts . he has had this toy for two weeks and is still playing with it . he wants another set of aqua raiders if his next report card is good . thank you kim
1			service	worst	date	different			worst service do not buy from these guys . i only wish it were possible to give them no stars , or just red x's . these guys never shipped my order , and even sent me an email telling me a different ship date then amazon . once that ship date came and went , i just made a claim to get my money back . a total of 2 months for dvd's that were meant for a father's day gift . these guys are clueless . stay away from them for sure . you are better off going to target to buy dvd's .
1			line	great no			flawed toy . i have used some of the other copters notably by air hogs and nothing steers great in the $ 20 range but this toy unfortunately does not steer nearly as well not that the air hogs line is all that great . you would be better off with some of the other toy uses an infrared controller not rc like all the others at this price .
2			ending	great	book	boring	one	next	book	good			bad and then more bad . how can anyone say this book was good . i love to read romances and have for a long time . but this book was so boring that i had to finish it hoping it would get better . i don not like to start one and then stop . i figure to give it a chance but it didn not get better . i couldn not even get interested in either character although the 2 stars i gave it were for the other characters in the book . when i got to the ending hoping against hope it was going to be a great ending . should have known better . the ending left you hanging which reminded me of a book that a man wrote that i once read . it will not make me buy the next one . i think the author should give up writing . or maybe she needs to read others to see how it is done . say rachel gibson or sherryl not buy this book . it is a waste of time and money .
2			smells	great	production	big			stains too easily . this stuff smells great and does seem to work for making your color last a little longer , but it stained my hands and face so easily . i didn not want to have to put on gloves or make a big production out of everything everytime i wanted to use it so pretty much just stopped . not worth it for me .
1			ezcema	severe	it	amazing	son	old	it	bad	stuff	amazing			this stuff is amazing ! my 3 year old son has severe ezcema . this summer it was so bad it was everywhere and he was scratching himself like crazy . within a week of using cerave it was under control and 2 weeks later it's almost completely gone . i have started using this on my dry skin especially my dry feet . it's really amazing how it soaks in and seems to actually change the skin . so glad the doctor recommended this !
2			novels	great	it	easy	he	good			light in august . it is faulkner's style that makes all of his books so great . this is the easiest read of his great novels i think . read it slowly and perhaps a second time . don not concentrate on the story as much as on the descriptions and the long sentences . read it slowly . when i read faulkner , i read a sentence and close my eyes and try to picture what he has just said . it is easy to do because he is so good at that . you will see the characters . read it that way and you will want to read it again . then if you are really into it you can try the sound and the furybarry
2			many	popular	ww	great	style	true			great ww 1 ww 2 remakes . this album is an excellent remake of many of the songs popular between the world wars and during world war ii . milva's style is quite true to the originals ; although the sound quality is much better than that available between 1920 -1945
2			album	great	performances	great	lennon	good	originals	great			great performances of originals and covers . this is a great album , and a terrific first of the songs are not the beatles best there's a place and misery are aptly named , i think ! but there are some great originals here , including the attention getting i saw her standing there which opens the album , please , please me and ask me covers are all good lennon's simple performance of arthur alexander's annaa charming rendition of burt bacharach's baby , it's youthe goffin king song chains is sung in perfect 3 part harmonyringo gives a rousing rendition of boys , first recorded by the beatles distinctive version of twist and shout closes the album as arrestingly as it was opened . highly recommended .
1			i	disappointed	i	excited	cueing	poor	routine	difficult			hard to follow . i love kim kardashian and was excited to get her step video , but after trying it out a couple times i am severely disappointed . i dont consider myself a beginner stepper but the step routine is difficult to follow . there is no tuturial or help section or anything like that to show you the moves , plus the camera angle changes very frequently so i am never sure where to look on the screen to see what her feet are doing . the cueing is quite poor and sometimes her voice over doesnt match up with what her feet are doing which really bothers me . i am planning on trying all of the dvd's a couple more times and hopefully i will eventually be able to get the routine down and add a couple more stars to my review
2			none	complete	it	worthless	one	next	grupo	musical	albums	worth no	pegaditas	musical	collection	great			historia musical romantica grupo bryndis . this album is a total rip off ! i bought this album today 05 25 05 although , it does have a great collection of this artist's music , none of the songs are complete . who ever mixed the album attempted to make it into a non stop version however , it's sad to say they couldn not even accomplish that . the songs just cut off and the next one starts but , they don not blend mix in . needless to say , i returned the album back within 5 minutes of listening to it in my vehicle and had not left the store parking lot . also , i bought another album called historia musical tropical , 30 pegaditas de pachangon and it had the same results . it was worthless ! i checked into both of these albums and it's label is the same disa / univ in addition to its album title beginning with historia musical . so , buyers beware , these albums are not worth the money or time . too bad they couldn not provide the full songs , it would have been an excellent cd to my collection .
2			fryer	nice	unit	great	fryer	good	it	difficult			a nice fryer for the price . this is a good fryer and it worked well the few times we used it . we wound up getting rid of it because we found it difficult to store because we did not use it on a daily or even weekly basis . so we had to change the oils which got expensive and again , we had space considerations . if you have space and you use deep friers often , this was a great unit .
1			interface	tedious	game	little	game	stupid	sets	worst			horrid dvd design kills excellent episodes . this is one of the worst dvd sets i have encountered . first it has a stupid little game you mus play to get to the episodes . then there is know way to watch all episodes in sequence , after each one you must deal with the horrid tedious interface . very frustrating . still as you know , all but a couple of these eposodes are classics , but whoever designed the dvd should be fired . what a pain !
2			it	powerful	product	great	product	compact			great product . this product is compact and it puree all kinds of food . it is powerful and its great for smoothies too .
1			i	disappointed	people	flat	characters	bad	chapters	short	characters	good	movie	good	book	good			the beach dud . i recently finished reading the beach house . i was extremely disappointed . i started reading it after having finished a lengthy and complicated novel . this book was exactly the opposite . it was as if the author was spoonfeeding his audience the plot . the too short chapters read like some screenplay . i won not blow the ending for you but c mon ! the characters were either all good or all bad . there was so empathy created for anyone and the people were flat and underdeveloped . maybe this was a good book for those who didn not want to think about anything when they read it . maybe it will make a good movie .
2			bathroom	little	tub	cute	fun	great			lots of fun in the bathroom . if you are looking for a fun little bathroom , this is it . the toilet seat lifts up , the medicine cabinet opens to reveal an assortment of items on the shelves sticker . the cabinet below the sink also opens . it comes with a potty chair that also has a lid that opens . and the claw footed tub with a hand held shower head is cute . it's great fun for kids who are learning about brushing their tooth , bathing , and using the potty .
2			inspiration	great	books	best	projects	fantastic	ideas	new			this is a wonderful book ! as a crafter , i am always looking for new and unique ideas . this book was such a great inspiration for me to create so many fantastic projects that i am recomending it to everyone i know , and it makes the perfect gift . kathy cano murillo has collected exquisite projects for this book , and the most wonderful thing is that anyone , from beginner to craft addict can make each and every one of the examples . i love that you can customize each to your own taste and let your individuality through . this is one of the best craft books not just on the market now but that i have ever seen . i would give it ten stars if i could ! !
1			value	educational	items	small	mattress	free	items	sharp	children	small	reviews	bad			manufacturer worlds apart limited . my 3 children ages , 3 5 & 7 all love the bed . we have a hello kitty , spider man , and a princess . they have got so much use out of them . i rated the educational value at 5 because the kids will get into the beds and listen while i read a book , instead of sleeping on the bunkbeds and watching tv . of course 2 of them got holes in them . i went online and found the number for the company and they are sending me 2 free mattress . the covers have been washed frequently and are in perfect condition i don not even have to pay shipping . as much as my kids have used the beds , i knew they would eventually get a hole in them . they are for small children ! ! ! kids always have small sharp items on the floor , such as a necklace , play ring , etc , but i cannot believe i am getting the mattress for free . i do not know if i can put this on here , but i am going to try because i saw alot of bad reviews .
1			man	poor	vocabulary	broad			not as useful as i had hoped . since i bought this some time ago , i have hardly used the thing . now , maybe it is because i already have a pretty broad vocabulary as it is , but i expected this book to be more than a poor man's thesaurus . it turns out , that is all this was . i find i can get better results just by asking a friend or a coworker , what's another word for ?
2			it	great	itself	nice	mouse	good	it	worth no			good mouse but receiver dies in 6 -8 months . i m currently on my second mouse from microsoft , and i have had my mouse for about 8 months now , and the receiver has broken on me the first mouse , i just assumed that it wasn not working due to some mishaps with moving apartments , but after getting the second one , i realized that the fault is not with 's a shame that they don not sell the receiver separately , because the mouse itself is actually very nice and works very well . i m currently on my second battery for my second mouse , and while it's great that it's very efficient in its use of energy , it's not worth it in the long run to get this mouse to only have it die on you . i will never order this again .
2			songs	loud	lyrics	awesome	songs	heavy	cd	greatest			a metal masterpiece . this is the greatest slayer cd i own . i like about 7 or 8 songs on it . my favorite ones are angel of death , necrophobic and epidemic . the lyrics to angel of death are awesome . slayer in general has been a favorite band since i bought this album . it has really helped me to be a fan . all the songs are fast and heavy and loud ! power aggression heaviness awesome cd . slayer has it all !
2			carrier	soft	they	great	carrier	comfortable no			lame , there are better options out there . this carrier is overpriced and uncomfortable . if you are thinking of buying this carrier , you should upgrade to a soft structured carrier . the ergo is a viable option or even better is the angel pack baby carrier . it is made with organic cotton and designer fabrics . i own 2 and they are great .
2			boost	great	workout	wonderful	day	entire			an excellent workout activity . i love it ! this workout is so wonderful . it gives a great boost to my entire day . i really enjoy the walking , kicking , jogging , knee lifts , kick backs . i burn lots of calories . this is a dvd you must buy .
2			diapers	great	deal	best	diaper	best	diaper	available	it	worth			great diapers . pampers and huggies are , in our opinion , the best diaper brands out there . we have a slightly preference for pampers because they look less bulky on the baby , compared to huggies or store brands . and it is the best deal i have for diapers , considering the 15 discount from amazon subscribe & save program . however , i have noticed that the diaper is no longer available as a subscribe & save item , so i am not sure whether i would buy it for the full price i would have to compared unit costs using my spreadsheet to see if it is worth it .
1			copy	poor	version	particular			very poor copy . this particular version is so poorly reproduced that you can not make heads or tails of the many figures throughout the book . the tables & figures are not displayed as tables & figures , but as a jumble of text . don not purchase this book ; look for a better reproduction .
2			book	basic	beauty	lyrical	scene	ridiculous	leader	great	way	good			i think this belongs to i strive for a lyrical beauty somewhere between tolkien at his best and seamus heaney's translation of beowulf said paolini . i say oh yeah ! and that is why you write a ridiculous scene of a belching dragon who gets drunk and falls over ? do dwarven exist only to tugg at their beards and drink and belch ? all that before the day the supposed great dead leader's funeral ? oh and can somebody explain the author the rules of the grammar ? humans ? ? ? dwarves ? ? ? please send him to school or better send him a home school basic grammar book ! ! good way to pay tribute to tolkin by calling the lament of an elf , a wailing sound tsk tskpaolini reminds me of my first fanfiction creations , when i even went to sleep holding my thesaurus . paolini's rippoff does not only bore it does also annoy with grammar mistakes and a continuous spurt or ill placed fancy vocabulary . this book belongs to
2			gardens	great	photos	black	houses	great			fabulous . bought this book for my husband after borrowing one from someone else . worth every one of its considerable number of pennies . great houses , great gardens a magnificent book about a magnificent man . but be aware , it is an older book and does not have the beautiful photography and layouts that we have become used to looking at these days . the photos are black and white but very clear and lots of them . the book is basically a series of chapters with each chapter being a writeup about the history and interesting snippets about a range of lutyen's houses houses designed and built for the prosperous edwardians . there are floorplans and an appendix of scale drawings of some of the more interesting details . if you like lutyen or have yet to discover his magic , this is a book you cannot go pa st
2			packaging	original	ink	original	price	great			perfect . great price for original ink , original unopened packaging , and quick shipping . how can you ask for anything more . i will order more in the near future . awesome !
1			experience	similar	laptop	new	tech	poor			kludgy software . poor tech support . my experience was similar to that of topher 666 on a brand new laptop , on which the oem dvd player ran fine , this software ran extremely slowly with no sound . tech support was of no help . after filling out a long form on the gocyberlink website , they do not even respond directly to you . you have to login into your account to check if a response has been posted . this is anyway just a form response , to reinstall the program after first editing your registry something most people are rightfully reluctant to do to complete the uninstall . the form has to be filled out all over again for each follow up . i gave up after three weeks of fruitless exchanges , after having sent at their request several diagnostic files , with not a single constructive suggestion .
2			it	wonderful	movie	great			a masterpiece , pure and simple . i saw the passion of the christ the first week of its release , and let me tell you , it was wonderful ! it was not the kind of movie that makes you say , wow , what a great movie ! it is the kind of movie that makes you say wooooow . stunning you with its beauty and swirling emotions centered around the savior of the world . mel gibson did an excellent job of portraying the most poignant and powful story of love ever told . may god bless his efforts .
2			comedy	great	test	positive			falls flat . somehow , it had all the pieces to make a great action comedy . an assassin retires to suburbia usa with a wife who knows nothing of his red handed pa st irritating in laws and a strange daddy dependency . cheery neighbors . going to be parents . then , for no apparent reason , everyone from his drinking buddy , to the fedex driver , to the block party organizer suddenly shows up with laser sighted rifles , body armor , and a real urge to drop him out of the game . there are some fun chase scenes , but this never really comes to life . jen , his wife , rarely gets past pettish annoyance . the positive pregnancy test didn not add a lot either , despite its , at least i didn not pay money to see it . wiredweird
1			it	worst	books	good	book	pathetic	it	worth	book	brilliant			the worst yet . occassionally i am prompted to write a review whenever a book is either brilliant or pathetic . in this case , it is the worst of this series that has been written . i quit buying patteson books over a year ago due to the lack of substance in them . i only read them if someone gives them to me free which in this case is about what it is worth . do not waste your money and start getting them from the library until he starts writing good books again .
1			i	surprised	product	poor	it	suck			poor product , so disappointed . i bought this in hopes to be able to save money and grind my own meat . i was surprised when i tried to grind up some chicken . it turned it to scary looking mush that i could barely get to come out of the thing . when i tried to push the meat down it instead came out of top instead . when i turned up the speed it started coming out the sides of the grinder plate . the next time i tried grinding up bread crumbs . this was just as bad or worse . it got jammed and clumped together . i followed all instructions for each of these things . seriously , how hard can bread crumbs be ? apparently quite hard for this kitchenaid attachment . it seems to be made well and sturdy but that's about it . it sucks ! what a waste of money ! ! it now sits on a shelf in my cupboard unused .
2			lens	good	lens	awesome	lens	best			best lens i got ! this lens is awesome . if you have some money to spend on good canon lens , this is going to be cheap for what you get . but i had to rate it only 4 stars because the auto focus system is slower then my 18 -55 mm . but still , if i could go back , i would still buy that you don not want to spend a lot of money on lenses , then get the 50 mm f 1.8 it's pretty much the same effect , but for a lower cost it's made out of plastic , but it does the work .
2			cart	great	it	strong	it	light			great cart ! i love this cart . it's light yet strong and very handy . the only slight inconvenience is that the tires tend to loose pressure regularly over time . not sure why this happens and , since i have a compressor , it's not terribly inconvenient .
1			alcohol	good	alcohol	bad	licorice	black			sugar alcohol good and bad . dear amazon , i have purchased s / f black licorice from amazon and i love it ! the problem is that the sweetener sugar alcohol causes me the worse gas flatulence i have ever experienced ! what exactly is the problem ? and is there a solution ? sinderely , john harris .
2			tracks	great	remix	worth			hypnotic . the remix of kicking alone is worth the price . it is literally my most listened to track of all time according to my page . all three tracks are great .
2			expression	personal	faiths	religious	variety	great			the yacoubian building . this novel evokes the everyday lives of egyptians who live within a hierarchial world within the muslim super structure . the characters are all muslims at some level of practice or non practice . there is no reference to the possible interactions of people of other religious faiths as they go about their daily , within the great variety of personal expression in this microcosm of interactions , those of us who are foreign to all of the aspects of these lives are shown the uniting themes of human survival and existence that are reflected in all of our worlds .
2			stool	easy	product	great	piano	little	piano	difficult			great product . beautiful little piano and easy to put stool was a little difficult to construct and required us to use a drill as the pre drilled holes were not aligned . tats the only reason i gave 4 instead of 5 stars .
2			info	great	book	great			wonderful book and great info . this is a great book with lots of wonderful information and pictures . will be extremely beneficial in our plans to change our landscaping .
1			response	poor	it	useless			missing parts , poor response from customer service . the package came without a power adapter , so it was pretty much useless . i called up the customer service of the vendor and they promised to send me the power adapter and its been almost 2 months now !
2			album	great	fan	old			great ! great ! great . i am not usually a reggae fan , but this album is great . it has a timely message of waking up about war and it sure wakes up the listener . my husband asked me if i had worn the grooves off the cd yet . he the old time country music fan is even singing along with a couple songs . i would gladly give this album as a gift to anyone one i know . in fact , i have been spreading the word about this album to anyone who will listen .
2			movie	great	bikers	tough	syrup	ludicrous	disappointment	major	movie	enjoyable			how to bugger up a great movie . psychomania is a highly enjoyable movie , but is poorly served by this dvd first 2 reels look like they have been sourced from the same print that has been circulating on us video for years . after this , the print becomes pretty good , but cannot make up for what has gone 's a pity this had to happen , as this is one movie that deserves better treatment than has been given here . i mean , what other movie could possibly offer george sanders , a frog cult , rough , tough bikers who don not even swear and beryl reid in a ludicrous syrup ? image should have used their heads when looking for a print and contacted the british film insitute in the uk . when looking for a print of independence day , you don not make a b line for holland , do you ? overall , a major disappointment .
1			metal	black	lyrics	worst	me	wrong			different but in a better way . i cannot understand why some people have been rating this album so badly . yes , it is softer than their other albums but so what ? they decided to create a more intelligent style of album instead . don not get me wrong ; i have liked slipknot when they were first released and at the time , with the group of people i associated with i was selling out . i was listening to the likes of death metal such as deicide and an array of black metal such as mayhem . however , i did not choose my music based on the heaviest or the worst lyrics but rather the feelings it conveyed . in my opinion slipknot have got better at doing this with each release , vol 3 being phenomenal . i highly recommend giving this album a chance . if you are looking for the heaviest albums then i suggest another band . otherwise pick this up and buy it ! also , if you havn not heard it yet look out for dimmu borgir .
2			i	old	cartoons	famous	book	awesome			this book was awsome ! i am 9 years old and love to draw . this book tells you how to draw a lot of famous cartoons . some of the ones i like the best are popeye , flintstones and scooby doo . if you like to draw , you will enjoy this book .
2			product	great	haven	happy no	price	good	price	great			drawer slides . great product at a great price ! i m shipping them overseas , so i haven not used them yet , but was really happy to find them at such a good price
2			it	big	lots	great	cooker	great			great slow cooker ! i love it . it's big , cleans up easily and cooks everything to perfection . while you are at it , buy not your mother's slow cooker cookbook . great recipes lots of variety and healthy .
1			intelligence	emotional	statements	grand	it	bad	goleman	good	level	high	science	poor	basis	real	hopes	high	concept	great			falls short on what it could have been . i had high hopes for this book . i do believe in primal leadership , that there is a real , biological basis to what does and doesn not work in leadership . basically leadership is going from an art to a science , and it's this biologically based approach which will get us problem with this book is that it's needlessly fluffy . there are lots of case studies with quite frankly poor science in them . i got discouraged to see the text stay so high level , and make grand statements without backing them i was left with was a number of you should do this statements , but without enough specifics on why or how to be useful . it's too bad because the concept of primal leadership is great . for some reason goleman didn not deliver . where to go ? maybe check out working with emotional intelligence by goleman , which is pretty good .
1			job	poor	user	previous			review about amazon / mmp llc . i wish i was able to review the product , but unfortunately i received a used product from amazon / mmp llc although i bought a plasma car that was clearly labeled new . i received the package in a brown amazon box , rather than the manufacturer's box . the car clearly looked like it had been put together before and taken apart . the body of the car was scuffed . the previous user also did a poor job of repackaging the parts and one of the bags was tied together by green curling ribbon . ugh . i bought this for my daughter's birthday and now i need to send it back and i don not have time to receive another one in the mail . very disappointed with amazon and mmp llc .
2			producer	old	album	next	people	wrong	voice	great			sanitized for your protection . ok , well , bo's voice is great , as one would expect , but it is not rock n roll , or even decent pop . it sounds like karaoke , with the singer and the band not even in the same room , and certainly not on the same feel is like bo put his trust in the wrong people , like the old fogey record producer we saw on idol . the music has lost its purity and has no edge . it feels mechanized ; sanitized for your can hear bo's voice , but his touch seems absent from the sound and feel of this album . i only hope that bo will take more control with his next album , which will probably be his last chance to successfully bring his gift to the masses .
1			prose	fine	use	poor	names	frustrating			where are the chinese ? this book could almost have been written in the early 20 h century , by any returning missionary . while the prose is fine , the story itself is rather one sided . basically , the book is full of vignettes describing the plight of the foreigners in beijing , but there is barely mention of the chinese , especially the boxers . addtionally , the poor use of wade giles to represent chinese city and family names is frustrating .
2			pockets	additional	point	good	it	good	case	good	price	good	value	good	material	good	locks	good	case	great			great case ! i have an esp ltd mh -53 guitar & it fits perfectly in this if you have a guitar shoulder strap , then it is a bit of a squeeze ; but it does fit in it . i have a shoulder strap & it took a bit of squeezing in to get it to fit & close the case , but it does fit properly & after a couple of weeks , it becomes easy to fir it in with the strap attached to the guitar . overall , the case's great , has plush linings on the inside & you can keep all the extras guitar cable , connector , etc one drawback is that it does not have additional pockets inside . would have been a good plus point , but it's pretty good as it is . also , really good value for the price . overall good case , good locks , good material , good price .
2			headset	good	product	great	it	hard	they	comfortable			a great product while it works ! i have owned 2 of these headsets . and none of them have lasted me more than a year . they fit my head well , and are comfortable for long sitting , but require delicate handling . i kept buying these headsets because they worked so well , but i think i m going to try logitech after this . the first headset i had , the cord got yanked out of the headset . the second one still works , but doesn not have sound in the right speaker , which makes it very hard for fpses . overall , it's a good headset if you take care of it and don not abuse it .
2			it	great	contrast	perfect			kodak 160 c porta 135 -36 film . i have used this film for several years now and have found it to be excellent in every rega rd colors are deep and true , and the contrast is perfect . it captures skin tones very well and is great for outdoor use . as with any film of this iso , however , indoors you must use auxiliary lighting or a tripod and still subjects .
2			tracks	great			666 is there anything evil in there ? when you first hear the name 666 you think of something evil . wrong ! the record , paradoxx , is full of great dance tracks , and the only thing to remind of the diablo are the spanish evil sounding lyrics . the aggressive sound of the synths is well combined with the party shaking rhythm , the result is guaranteed to make you dance .
2			they	soft no	look	good	look	great	structure	heavy	he	hard	legs	nice	they	comfortable			nice looking shorts . my husband is a size 46 and doesn not look that great in most clothes . because the heavy structure of the fabric in these shorts holds a shape , these shorts look good on him , and he does have nice legs . he is hard on clothes and these look like they will last a good 2 years . however , in all fairness , i couldn not give them 5 stars because they are not as soft and comfortable as he would like .
2			nightmare	easy	story	great	austrailia	easy	peak	high			poor frank . great story , so so writing . worth a read though after you would read into thin air and the climb , etc i won not spoil it for anybody , but poor frank . can you believe his wife gave him that ultimatum about returning to a certian very high peak ? anyway , the only thing about the climbs that the author fails to communicate is how difficult they were . it sounded like other than being a logistical nightmare the peaks themselves were otherwise easily attainable except for the one in austrailia which is actually very easy
2			movie	great	joke	great	movie	funny	i	happy			keeps you laughing . i will admit , i have loaned my copy to people who just don not seem to get it , but i m happy to see by the multitude of reviews that i am not mistaken this movie is really funny ! with an overtone of a who's on first routine and no shortage of witty one liners it is a great movie with a wonderful cast ! you will want to pay attention you don not want to miss a line or you may miss a great joke later .
2			town	small	idea	great	book	good			boys against girls . i think this is a pretty good book overall . i doubt adults would like it , but kids my age would . this is a book for both , boys and girls . i liked how the book was written because there were three boys in a family and three girls in a family that lived by each other . i liked how the author put in both sexes so it's just not a boy book or just a girl a small town , there lived two certain families , the hatford and the malloy family . the hatford family consists of three boys , the malloy family consists of three two families were neighbors and they loved to these each other , so the hatford boys thought they had a great idea by going to tell the girls that the animal , the abaguchie , exsisted and was spotted close where they live . the malloy girls believed the guys , as the hatford boys just keep on playing along with them like the animal really exsisted and it was close to their house . overall , i would say this book was pretty well written for a kid my age .
1			quality	poor			very poor quality . love the idea of this game , but the quality is extremely poor . had i seen this in the store , i never would have paid this much money for it .
2			version	theatrical	story	great	effects	remarkable	edition	ultimate	films	greatest	packaging	nice	packaging	sturdy	movies	best	booklet	nice	deal	great			must own collection . this is a must own collection for romero fans , and even zombie fans . this is one of the classic and greatest zombie films ever made with great story , remarkable effects by tom savini given the era and budget of the film and even interesting comments on our society and our obsession with material things . the ultimate edition is just that you get the theatrical version , the director's cut with some more scenes and gore , though george romero has said that the theatrical is his director's cut , the european version made shorter by producer dario argento for europe audiences and a whole disc of extras including 2 in depth documenteries . each film also has its own commentary track which all are entertaining and interesting . the packaging is nice and sturdy with a nice booklet packaged with it . a great deal to own one of the best zombie movies made . in my opinion this is only second to romero's day of the dead film .
2			it	old	cd	classic	songs	great	someone	special			totally awesome . i miss total . with very unique voices and wonderfully written songs this cd was and still is the jam ! i still listen to this cd in 2008 and it is more that 10 years old but the songs are great . from dancing , to riding in your car , or even for that special someone this cd has got what you want ! ! don not ever change ! ! that is my favorite song of all time and this cd is a classic !
2			transaction	great	prices	best	ones	regular	pockets	regular			great transaction ! fast shipping , great transaction . i did order the regular pill pockets but got the greenies ones instead . however , they work just as well and i would have bought them anyway if the regular ones weren not available . i will definitely buy from again this seller has the best prices and service around ! thank you !
1			identity	new	it	fun	music	bad			quality bad music . wow . now i can see this glorified cover band in full digital video and 5 1 dolby audio . i guess it is fun to try and count all the north face jackets in the crowd . try saving your money and buy a new identity instead . just remember . if you can not panic man . panic .
2			book	great			great . i couldn not put this amazing and great sci fi book down . seems longer than it really is . i would easily suggest it
1			movie	good	movies	worst			derivative , and lacks any internal logic . one of the worst movies i have seen in a while . starts off kinda sorta promising , and then turns into a sub par survival horror movie that is derivative of every other such movie you have seen . it has no internal logic , and frequently breaks the rules it has established earlier . nor does earn its ending . i can not say more without giving a lot away . re watch some walking dead 'sodes instead . or watch the 2006 horror movie of the same title , which is a genuinely good movie .
2			one	defective	toy	great	one	new			very poor . again as in all air hog products this simply cannot be played with as described . this toy would be great if you simply purchase it to have your child look at it but to not play with it . i had purchased this toy and with in five minutes of my son playing with it it broke . i took it back and got a new one thinking the first one was defective but to simply find out again that it broke with in 5 minutes . if you purchase this you will simply be throwing your money away .
1			movie	bad			this is not paranormal acitivity . you will jump a couple of times . the ideas introduced in the movie are acting is a little strange and it seems like the writing staff was fired in the middle of writing this movie is a mixture of the cell , paranormal activity and a bad homemade halloween movie .
2			download	great	reviews	previous	book	great			great ibuyspy book . i really like the approach that this book takes . using the ibuyspy example means that all the mailing lists and forums about it will be explanations in the early chapters really cleared up how ibuyspy works for me . especially on later chapters led me through some great coding download worked fine for me . i guess the authors sorted it out since those previous reviews .
2			product	great	fast	easy	bread	flat	recipes	flat			not just for tortilla but for more ! we bought this to make flat bread recipes called as chapati or puri in indian cuisine which are usually made using a rolling pin . making the flat bread with norpro tortilla press is easy , simple , fast and we get the right shape . the only problem is the dough sticking to the plate when we press the handle . we use some oil / grease or dough to work around it . great , light and right product !
2			mistake	particular	relationships	romantic	fluff	romantic	female	romantic	film	historical	actress	great			dark movie . i loooove historical film , especially with romantic relationships . i based my purchase on jane seymour , who usually plays romantic fluff no great actress . i have read steinbeck , but not this particular first mistake . i can appreciate all who reviewed and their analytical reviews with several stars , but , if you are a romantic female stay away from this one ! lol
2			rituals	annual	example	great	yooper	poor	it	nice	northwoods	great	ending	good			the mystique of northwoods hunting . originally , a friend of mine from out east sent me a used copy of this to make fun of the annual hunting rituals in the great northwoods . instead , what i see is a great example of the importance placed on hunting as a rite of manhood or womanhood up here . where else do you drive 20 miles with a truckload of beer , food , beer , ammo , beer , blaze orange , beer , and camo to spend a week with your fellow unwashed to find that mythical turrty point buck . it's nice to have a good ending for the poor buckless yooper , too . to some , this was a crazy and seemingly unreal movie . to us in the northwoods , it was more like an accounting of one season's events than a fiction from one man's mind . makes me wish there could be a sequel .
2			book	great			great book i highly recommend it ! many years ago my father found this book through contact with the needed more , and are very happy to have found this on this is an excellent book for anyone who wants to find out the origins of many papal and ancient symbols with their meanings . suprisingly , many of these symbols are used today , but not used as what you think . there are pagan roots to these symbols such as the christmas tree , st nick , etc i highly recommend this book . enjoy !
2			everything	great			couldn not be better . what can i saw , everything about this video and the bulls is great . i would higly recommend it to anyone !
2			plot	confusing	idea	great			eh . i didn not really like this movie at all . on paper , the idea is great , they just failed to pull it off . i really wanted to like it , since i liked the first two alien movies and the first predator movie , but i just couldn not . i didn not feel any suspense at all throughout the whole film , i didn not care about any of the characters save for maybe one , and the plot was kinda confusing . i wouldn not recommend it . trent foreman , author of nightmare
2			silk	great			works like it should . we just got back from our trip to europe with the both of us wearing rick steve's moneybelt . it seemed to work fine the way it should . the silk was great as it did not add that much more bulk and sweatiness to our outfits . only one thing i question is the strange unfinished end of the strap of the belt . it was undone not sewn up so when we got it , it was already unraveling . we had to use a lighter to melt / burn the end so that it would stop . weird design .
2			album	awesome			sade ? can not we just all get along ? sweetback the first album was awesome ! simply put , she sade must have cried like a baby when she heard this one . this album , 2 d ah ? na , crash n burn . in short , they should have come to terms and stayed together . they rock when they are together , and sade is complimented perfectly when she and the band play . simply awesome ! .
2			it	great	series	great			la femme nikita complete 5 seasons . i have always enjoyed the show on tv . it is super great to have the series in hand and watch when i want to or go back to a scene . great series
2			selection	real	talents	dynamic	actor	great	efforts	best	selection	usual no	westerns	great	wayne	modern	addition	great	actors	old	actors	current	selection	old	selleck	natural	role	usual no			selleck continues as the modern john wayne . tom selleck is one of two current western actors who continue the realism of the old west western actors in the mold of john wayne and others . westerns in todays age are an acquired taste . selleck is a natural and in this tale he continues his best efforts as he did in the sacketts , quigley down under , and the other great westerns he's excelled in . the story has a character of realism like all the louis lamour classics and selleck portrays the hero in respect to the writers intent to picture the real old we st virginia madsen is an unusual selection for the heroine , but she carries off the role and doesn not detract from the plot . wilford brimley again demonstrates his dynamic talents as a great character actor an unusual role for him but he adds credibility to the plot . and mark harmon gives honest credibility to the villian's role of all great westerns . for the westerns movie buff , another selleck success is a great addition to one's collection .
1			life	poor	it	good	one	new	mode	manual			poor battery life . we bought our brill mower about two years ago . our problem is with the battery , which costs $ 120 to replace . it was supposed to be good for 500 rechargings , but after no more than about 50 rechargings , it no longer holds enough energy to run the mower for more than a minute or two . the place we bought it from has offered no remedy , either a discount on a new one or a way to fix the one we have . so we are using the mower in manual mode , which means that we have paid a lot for just a push mower . buyers beware !
2			scene	great	puzzle	great			great puzzle for men ! this was a great puzzle for my husband to do . he has parkinsonism and needs larger pieces to handle . he likes the puzzles with only 300 pieces . this was a great scene and appealed to his love for fishing .
2			edge	best	book	next	suspense	awesome	yourself	hate	suspense	thick			edge of your seat suspense at it's best ! warning ! if you don not have the time to read this book at one setting , don not open it . once you begin , there's no going back . the suspense in ms hinze's shades of gray is thick enough to cut with a knife and awesome enough for you to be screaming for her next book . you will hate yourself if you miss this one ! ms hinze's characters walk off the pages and her descriptions of the tension filled lives of our servicemen and their families are enough to make your hair stand on end . this book is going places !
2			book	great			great book about edisto island ! my family visits edisto island every spring , and on one of our trips , i found this wonderful book ! i loved learning about the island's history and the stories were very well written . i stayed up late every night because i always wanted to read more ! this book will really hit home if you have ever been to edisto .
2			book	long	son	old	idea	great			too long . i purchased this book prior to my 3 year old son having his tonsils removed and tubes put in . while it's a great idea and concept the book was just too long . it didn not hold his attention for more than 5 pages . my son is a reader , like me , and any other book we have read , he's been very in not this one . i don not recommend it for anyone under the age of , say .8
2			one	best	car	new	fortunes	small	stations	static	product	horrible	it	painful	reputation	great			don not buy this product . i don not have an audio jack in my new car for connecting my zune . i looked for products so i could listen to my zune in the car . i specifically bought this product because of the monster brand . they have a great reputation . i have spent small fortunes on their cables and other home audio product is horrible . there is so much static while listening to the zune , it is actually painful . when searching through the least static radio stations in my area , the best one isn not even available on the transmitter . it is in the 88 range and this product starts at 89 i should have done more research before not purchase it .
2			music	great			this is painful ! go and buy some bobby darin , tony bennet or in fact anyone who can sing . if i had composed some of the great music on this cd i wouldn not have given costello the permission to murder the songs in the way he does .
1			it	cheap	jason	new	title	bad	york	new	minutes	final			bad title for this film . dont bother thinking the title jason takes manhatten will make you think this film is about jason in new york ! the title should have been jason goes to manhatten . eventually ! jason is yet again back and boards a run down cruise ship with a bunch of teenagers heading on a feild trip to new jason boarded the ship is anyone's guess ? but he does , he does his typical stalking and slashing aboard the ship ! most of the movie takes place on the ship ! then for about the final 10 minutes of the movie a few of the members on the ship have managed to make it to new york alive . and jason has followed . its over the top , unbeleivable , the story is stupid and ending will leave you thinking what a load of ! if your intrested in seeing it , rent it first if you can ? i would only buy it if it was cheap as chips or wanting the whole f 13 h collection and needed it for the set ! other wise its just not worth while !
2			seller	great	price	great			garlic press . i love my garlic press , great seller , great price , fast delivery . this press is used a lot , i like it because you can not see the garlic in the food you prepare . would buy again .
2			scent	great	it	gentle			the ultimate in clean . this cleanser is a brilliant do it all product . firstly , it has tons of extracts , like grapefruit seed , sunflower , and coltsfoot , and is made for super sensative skin . my mom and i both swear by this , because it really cleans and is not abrasive at all . it removes make up , brightens skin , has a great minty scent , and as i said , is really gentle . besides , at 16 ounces a bottle , it last for several months , so it's really cost efficient . if your looking for a permanent fix , try this out .
2			books	traditional	experience	great			fantastic . well , i would say that wainting for more than a year to the right of getting a kindle given that i live in brazil has been worthwhile and a great experience . as a fanatic reader for many years , i was never get caught by any other paperless atempts to replace traditional books i have more than 2 500 at home . last week i was in a fishing trip in the amazon and besides lures , rods and all that stuff , had my kindle with me .
1			store	local	service	poor			poor customer service . i consider the ad misleading , it shows two umbrella stands , but the order only came with one , and no where did it actually say one , it just says kit . so i accept that . i should have called to clarify the number . my bad . furthermore , the ad said the order would include two 65 watt bulbs for the light , and only one came with the shipment , with no reference a back order or such . amazon offered to refund my order , or give me a 10 refund , but what i wanted was the bulb that was supposed to come with my order . amazon said they had no control over items shipped by other companies , they were just the broker here . i called discount tommy , the vendor , and left a message , and never heard light works fine , but in fact i found a better made equivalent in a local photography store here in phoenix for a few bucks less , even considering the sales , i would suggest you not buy this kit !
1			mattress	worst	leak	big			poor build quality . i bought this mattress based on the brand name coleman . but this mattress is worst than intex brand . the intex mattress atleast lasted more than 8 months . this mattress lasted less than 2 months . now a big air leak has developed . can not even hold air for more than an hour . i would like to give 0 stars but gave 2 stars for amazon customer service . amazon gave quick replacement even if it was out of the 30 day window . i wish all companies were customer centric like amazon .
1			it	worst	it	hate	anyone	interested	un	original	bridget	little	one	popular	character	believable			hate it ! hae it ! hate it ! as a 'singleton who wants to lose weight , i feel helen fielding has taken this issue too far and instead of making bridget funny , ms feilding made her and her silly friends . not only didn not i identify with bridget and the situations she put herself in , but i also didn not find her & those situations funny / educating , is yet another one of those 'single british around 30 single girl stories that seem to flood us lately . this seems to be the most popular one , but i personally feel it's the worst of the bunch i have read it certainly is the most un original and least funny of them . i reccomend confessions of a shopaholic to anyone who's interested in a better book not only is rebbeca bloomwood a more believable character even though all of these girls are a little over the top , but it certainly much funnier tha . little bridget can ever hope to be .
2			product	great	coupler	great			great coupler , cheap price . amamax's coupler was a great product and was shipped extremely promptly . would do business with again ! it just couples two cat 5 / rj 45 cables bam , you have got internet .
2			value	great			deal . bought this when it was really , really on sale . wow . great value and great watch . wish i would bought several for gifts !
2			nation	great	special	good	it	solid	quality	best			harris swivel bipod made in usa ! i have a few harris bipods on my rifles and have tried the cheaper ones too . the walmart special an exact copy of the standard harris bipod for 39.99 is pretty good , but for my tactical lr -308 20 inch hbar target , remington 700 vs .308 , and my m 1 a , the harris engineering s brm hinged base 6 9 inch is the only one i will mount . it is rock solid , has a swivel allowing adjustment of your rifle to get a perfect horizontal and vertical reticle leveling , and a tensioner to set the resistance from none to full lock on the swivel . easily mounts to the standard sling attachment on the bottom of most stock forends . the m 1 a will take some modification to install and a sling adapter will be required if you have the wooden stock . the best quality you can buy in my opinion and made in the usa ! support our great nation ! ! buy harris engineering bipods ! !
2			game	real	game	great			jason's review . i love this game ! this is a real strategic war game ! up to 1 000 units per scenario . tanks , infintry , machine guns , bazookas , grenade launchers , cars , supply trucks and bombers , air recon planes and paratroops and a lot lot more . you can be american , german , russian or british but if you are american , russian or british watch out for those germans ! cool explosions buildings , houses , trees , plants , bridges , rivers . shoot down planes with flack , cars and trucks . you are the commander of your whole army . make your own levels . get reinforcements but if you want sudden strike forever you have to download sudden strike fir st warning there is animated blood in this game as well as animated violence . i would prefer 9 year olds and older ! this is a great game ! ! thank you for reading my review .
2			product	great			great product buy it . got as xmas gift . this thing is a scream and a li screamer . perfect emulation of a tube amp . really some genius work into this deal , from circuitry to power conservation . if you are even thinking about buying it , do it , do it now !
2			mix	great	band	great			challenging for the novice , but worth it . this cd was my first foray into monk , about 15 years ago . these songs have been in my head ever since . the album is a great mix of more obscure tunes jackie ing and signature tunes straight , no chaser . i m not a musician , so forgive my use of terms , but i struggled at first with monk's playing , which to me often seemed off key . but i listened more and learned to love monk's off beat phrasing and experimentation . he really takes you on a journey with each song . monk is truly a genius , and his talent shines here . great backing band too . this album really swings as well , which helps you through the more challenging parts .
2			toast	old	london	old	product	great	toastthanksida	natural	it	hard			old london melba toast i love it . this is a great product , i used it in the past , thru a weight lost product for years , but it got to be to hard to fine it in stores , so i went to their website to purchased it . old london all natural melba wheat toastthanksida reed russell
2			season	new	seem	remarkable	data	specific	schwartz	great	method	scientific			the truth about the truth about medium . this book promises the extraordinary , including specific data from science experiments , but what we get are more anecdotes about how great mr schwartz's experiments are . he features highlights of experiments with medium allison dubois , but schwartz bias in favor of his subject matter makes this book an epiphany of self celebration . there is a fascinating section , the monty keen experiment , and the results seem extremely remarkable why isn not it published in science magazine ? talk of replication and extension reading is confined to mr schwartz's lab , and we are left wondering if any of schwartz's experimental designs or raw data are being shared with other universities . why sacrifice scientific method for sensational tidbits ? oh , yeah ! the book's release coincides exactly with the new fall tv season of medium .
2			songs	great	sounds	musical	dvd	best	you	new	bass	great	dvd	exceptional	job	good	sounds	separate	set	long	fan	old	interviews	separate			fantastic . this is an exceptional dvd . all the great eagles songs and more are in there . this 2 dvd set is more than 2 hours long . there is much more included over the television broadcast , plus the interviews are separate from the widescreen video quality is superior , as is the dts 5.1 sound . all speakers are utilized for separate musical sounds at the right moment and the deep bass is great . i can force my 6.1 decoder on and have the horns playing from the back of the , don felder is not with the group and is missed , but his replacement does a pretty good job on the guitar licks . joe walsh is is in my number one position for best concert dvd and i expect will remain there for a very long time . whether you are an old time vinyl fan or new to the eagles , their work stands the test of time , and this dvd set warrants multiple viewings .
2			ending	informative	newhart	great			great newhart . i have always loved bob newhart and this was an entertaining biography , but to short . needs a better , more informative ending .
2			board	great	dart	best			great board . hands down , the best dart board i have ever played . buy it and you won not be disappointed . especially if you are using a dartboard with staples . i love this boa rd no bounce outs !
1			it	bad	it	annoying	adventures	new			i think u all should read this 1 well for starters this game , well to put it nicely . . this game stinks ! i truely think this game will last as long as the magic show starring magic johnson the basketball player , or even less . no offense to the olsens cough cough but if i were them i would run and hide ! it's bad enough to be that annoying , but gosh ! heck when are they gonna go out ! at 30 they will be in a game olsens get married . . to each other ha ha ha ha ha ha ! anyways . . i wouldn not buy this game ! don not ruin your child's future or christmases ! i would rather play the spice girl game ! if you buy this game your eye's must be tighter closed than brock's ! pokemon the journey's just begun pokemon , to new adventures . .
2			machine	little	bread	hot	saver	great	she	delighted			regal bradmaker model k 6727 a great time saver . my mom bought this little machine a few years ago and was immediately impressed with it . never having a bread machine before , it was quite a treat to have a tasty , fresh baked loaf of bread without all the mixing , kneeding , and allowing the dough to rise . she was delighted to just put the ingredients into the machine , start it and in 3 hours , have up to a 2 pound loaf of steaming hot bread , ready to eat . we have never had any problems with this machine and have loaned out to a neighbor who used it and loved it so much that she bought a machine too !
1			can	empty	purchase	worst			rip off ! this has to be the worst purchase i have ever made for my son . the web blaster wouldn not work in the harness . my son decided to just to run around with the can of silly string without the glove and harness . but , the can itself had problems and the string would just spatter out most of the time . by the way , the can was empty after 3 minutes ! also , the water blaster didn not work . we pumped it , and only filled it half full like the instructions said to do , but all it did was leak . it is a shame that something like this can be put on the shelf . you would be a fool to buy one .
1			it	perfect	thing	small	thing	weak	showers	hot	purpose	bad	bathroom	small	it	small	mirror	free	thing	strong no			not enough . i have a relatively small bathroom that was built without a vent . i live in a relatively cold area that requires me to take relatively hot showers . as such , i found myself with moisture on my walls , which lead to some mold . i did some research and decided to try this out , and it has not helped much . i must start by saying the thing really is quiet . i am at the end of the hall now from the bathroom and i could not tell you if it is on or off . the bad . this thing is so small and weak that it does not seem to be doing much for my problem . i have it on the back of the toilet and when i come out , the mirror directly above the unit is fog free in about a five inch radius . the rest of the mirror is foggy and the walls are still damp to the touch . the thing is simply not strong enough for my purpose , which is too bad because it is small and silent and would have been perfect .
2			it	perfect	day	good	stressbuster	ultimate	way	great			ultimate stressbuster . this drum is sturdy and well built . two mallets . drum can take a beating . great for hand eye coordination for children . for me it is perfect to help release stress . a great way to vent . a place to go to will work wonders . learn how to interpret sound . how to throw drum is made for children but adults who want something to strike can use this . it looks and feels to be able to withstand a will love it . people do gather around when you hit is very natural for people to gather around the parties this drum will always be a good day !
2			light	great	ms	proble	darkness	complete	room	large			coleman battery powered lantern . the lantern provides a lot of light for a large room . the remote control works perfectly without any proble ms it even has a night light which is great when sleeping in complete darkness . we live in florida and have the light for power outages and hurricane emergencies . i m not a fan of the retro look but none the less it does the job well .
1			excitement	big	book	bad			i may be the only person in the world . i may be the only person in the world who didn not love this book . i don not think it's a bad book , but i don not understand the big excitement about it . the writing is pedestrian , the characters are not that well developed , and frequently things happen that we as readers had no idea were possible . for me , it reads like an interesting children's movie screenplay . my fourth grade son read it before i did , and he agrees . we both liked the beginning and we both liked the quiddich matches , but felt the rest of the book fell flat .
2			gas	old	amazon	low	unit	great	trimming	heavy	unit	new	grass	short	quality	great	gas	old no	fences	low			great unit almost . my old gas trimmer gave out and i do not have any heavy duty trimming , just short grass , to justify the cost of a new gas unit so i oped for the toro . great quality at a low amazon dollar works great , the battery always lasts for my needs 20 to 30 on / off minutes and have had no explain the almost in the title . there is only one cutting cord , not two as on my old gas . the cord trims itself at about 3 inches so reaching to trim under low fences etc can be a problem . the head just above the line also stops you from close trimming under low those shortcomings do not bother you . by all means , buy it . i have two toro mowers and a toro blower / mulcher and all continue to perform without flaw . i guess you might say i am a toro fan .
2			it	slow	idea	great			slow . i thought this was a great idea . now i wish i hadn not bought it . it is very slow , sometimes i have to wait up to 30 seconds for the drive folder to open once i click on it . if you didn not read the fine print , you have to install software on every computer that you want to access the sc 101 then you have to attach the drives . it isn not like having a network drive that you just attach . i thought this device would help me reduce power consumption by turning off my server , but i am seriously thinking about moving back to the server .
2			it	long	job	great			excellently read . this audio book is engrossing and makes commute hours seem like minutes . if you think you would like the story of a con man who posed as a pan am pilot , doctor , and lawyer to swindle millions while entertaining women all over the world , then this book is for you . michael cerveris does a great job reading the book . on five audio cd's , it is sufficiently long .
2			soundtrack	awesome	picture	best	it	romantic			one of my favorite and must have for collection ! this movie won the best picture some years ago and got about 10 oscars . it's a very romantic with a kinda sad ending at the end . the soundtrack is awesome too . i have watched it on dvd for too many times . gotta have it for collection . i bet you won not disappoint it .
1			mistakes	numerous	control	little	grade	low	seemed	cheap	mouse	worst			the worst mouse of all time ! right out of the package the mouse seemed suspiciously cheap ; from it's low grade plastic body to buttons that barely click . even the manual is flawed with numerous spelling mistakes suggesting it was written by someone who barely speaks english . during use , the cursor skips across the screen with little control and when attempting to select an icon nothing happens . shame on you inland .
2			novel	short	romance	great			easy to read , great romance . plenty of humor . fun lovable characters make this short novel enjoyable . i highly recommend this book and can not wait for the sequel .
1			sign	bad	one	new	problems	previous	good	small			clicking noise of death . i have the 60 version of this drive . i bought it for the small form factor good . it never left the neoprene pouch and almost always sat on my desk . it was never bumped or otherwise first died just under warranty , and was eventually replaced by apricorn . the new one died just out of warranty and i was told to go away . no consideration for previous problems , just too bad . the clicking noise is a very bad sign . never again .
1			gram	bad			a completely useless mess . poorly printed , you can not even decipher the graphs for example . no sensible order to it . appears to be a simple reprint of a clump of articles that were first printed in 1874 and haven not been adapted , added to or corrected ever since . bad gram march no index , so impossible to find , for example , the history of the continental notes or when the first dollar bills appeared . completely useless and a waste of money . i have only given it one star because there is no facility for giving it none or minus
2			music	great	item	big	band	great			maybe it's just me , but . my review may be tainted by fond college memories , but i always thought mr happy was one of those college bands that should have gone on to bigger things . great band , great music , and some serious funk in the bass ! the big missing item on this album is scott's rocking cover of let it be .
2			investment	great	ray	complete			great . the sopranos the complete first season blu ray , this is a great investment , i love the sopranos and to see it on blu ray 1080 is just awesome , and for the price you cant beat it .
2			album	best	song	great	song	happy			i miss you whitney . it's very sad that whitney houston's death led me back to her ar ms this album , in my opinion , is her best album since her sophomore effort . every song reconnected me to the magic that was her first two albums , even the duet with her then husband bobby brown my love seemed viable and was a great song and they seemed so happy all time favorite song on this album is tell me no , because you could really feel her getting her point across as opposed to just hearing it and it shows that she was more than just a voice star spangled banner , my butt . i miss and love you whitney
2			seems	good	patter	political	history	contemporary	stuff	great	writing	great	research	good			people are cardboard figures . the writing is great in spots , the action spots . but the intrigue and the political patter are almost juvenile . the author's research seems to be good . maybe i was disappointed because it was published after we got iraq in hand . it jarred me to read what the author thought would happen and to know that it was nothing like contemporary history . i m fighting to finish it by flipping through the parts that make me want to regurgitate . some stuff in it is really great . but i m not sure i can finish the thing . robert armstrongalbuquerque nm
1			movie	worst	move	horrible	thing	good	story	greatest			the greatest story ever told . this is the worst , most biblically incorrect , boringness movie i have ever watched . i mean , not one scene was portrayed correctly ; from jesus being baptized to his picking of his disciples , the woman caught is adultery , the wilderness of 40 years , saul not being converted to paul after the resurrection , raising lazarus , and many more . there were several scenes where the actors were striking a pose , meaning they didn not move as if they were frozen when they were being filmed . horrible move . it even loaded slow to the point that i thought is was damaged . the only good thing is that i bought it online with amazon .
1			one	new	iron	bad			bad bad iron . . i bought this iron since the one i had kept spewing rusty water out of it . thought i would buy a new one that would not do that . i had the iron about 1 month and then it started spewing brown water out of it and the bottom of it looks like it burnt off in one part . i am truly dis appointed with this product .
2			cutter	great			great cutter . cuts just like it's supposed to . not quite solid enough to cut veneer well , but great for cloth and paper .
2			things	best	videos	great	number	huge	scenes	worth	dvd	great	thing	important	friendship	true	them	hate	sense	tremendous			awesome ! what a great dvd for rush fans . the early videos are great . the number of musicians that have been influenced by rush is huge . they truely are a unique band love them or hate them . one of the best things in the video is the dinner at the hunting lodge . i couldn not stop laughing ! those scenes are worth the price right there . alex has a tremendous sense of humor . i think the most important thing these guys have is a true friendship for each other and they don not take themselves overly seriously . really , a must see for rush fans .
2			nicolas	french	appearances	false	impossibility	physical	description	fantastic			rape of consciousness . bhl is a specialist in intox and here the rape of conscience against a backdrop of megalomania his own . his portrait is quite rightly camped in une imposture franaise by french journalists nicolas beau and olivier toscer where who killed daniel pearl is analyzed into its component field . there is evidence that bhl was in a physical impossibility to reach the scene of the execution of journalist daniel pearl and that any description of the scene is fantastic . i quote mrs daniel pearl , the widow of murdered journalist daniel pearl , in response to this rag overstated bernard henri levy is a man whose ego destroyed intelligence . bhl is an imposter in agreement with the larrousse a person who deceives by false appearances , which is pretending to be someone else . reader , do not be fooled nor accomplice .
2			coffee	little	tastes	great	pot	little			love it ! this is an amazing little pot . it brews fast , no leaking and the coffee tastes great ! i have been using it for 3 months now and no problems so i got my mom one and she loves it ! great for those days when you only want a little coffee .
2			phones	great			battery life . these head phones are great for truck drivers , the battery life is on ly about 8 hours other than that there perfect
1			they	happy	acting	bad	it	nice	movies	old	job	good	it	easy			exceeded expectations . i didn not expect much from this movie . although i like old hollywood movies , the acting is pretty bad usually . i thought this cast did a good job however . they all did a good job of portraying their characters without looking sappy or fake . i didn not recognize elizabeth taylor at first , but it was so nice to see her do something so different from some of her other roles . it was easy to root for all of them and feel uplifted that they all were happy in the end .
2			drummer	experienced	dvd	great			another great cameron dvd . this is a great dvd for the novice to experienced drummer . the brush rudiments are well worth the price alone . cameron's work his band is ice on the cake .
1			bit	good	i	interested no	it	exciting no	read	good	it	bad			boring . i have read three other gibson books neuromancer , virtual light and mona lisa overdrive . loved neuromancer and the others were a good read but i simply lost interest in this book halfway through . i rarely never finish a book but i found myself forcing myself to read this book about a third of the way through . when i got halfway through it went down and never got picked up 's not that it's really bad it's just not very exciting . seemed to be like trolling through everyday lives but in a cyberpunk setting . maybe gibson doesn not let enough secrets through early but basically i m not interested in reading 200 pages of lead in to get to the good bit at the end . i like books like my movies catch you straight away and keep you you haven not already you should check out jeff noon the guys sensational .
2			performances	great			thriller . this is an excellent thriller movie . enjoyed it very much . great performances by keanu reeves and james spader and marisa tomei
2			ones	great	it	happy	it	fun	music	underrated	music	good	group	humble			really good music from snap crackle and pop . much underrated . they where a truly humble group and much underrated cause it was about fun and happy , simply inspiring music . missing some great ones , and some done later nothing in commonbombers in the skylong goodbyeget that lovesister of mercyjudy doif you were here
2			states	united	movie	great	movie	entertaining	movie	educational			great movie . this is a great movie that is educational and entertaining . i recommend it to everyone especailly if you live in the souteast region of the united states .
2			cd	great	voice	unique	voice	strong			great cd if i had never heard her first cd . this sounded great . i have had the cd for 2 years now , and i still love it ! her voice is so unique , and strong . i wish she would leave the remakes alone though . she is better than the original ! do your own thing girl ! !
2			voice	amazing	everyone	disappointed	lyrics	great	songs	best			well done ash ! i can not believe people are still hacking at ashlee for lip syncing on snl her voice had been playing up for weeks , she had no other choice , im sure everyone would have been more disappointed if she just didn not do it at all ! and as for her album its fabulous , every song has a story behind it , and some great lyrics ! any artist hu puts that much sweat and blood into her work its bound to be a winner ! the best songs on there definatly being pieces of me and shadow . her voice is amazing and she has really become indepent she is nothing like her sister she did it all on her own too . good on her ! i would definatly try this album !
2			style	awesome	voice	strong			romance personified . todos los romances is a 3 cd compilation . 1 and 3 consist of mainly very romanatic ballads . beautiful instrumentation . sounds like a world class orchestra backing his strong soulful voice . 2 is my favorite although it has the same beautiful orchestral sound , in this cd you hear the mexican / latino influence . they are are a couple of mariachi songs included sung in his style that are awesome . beautiful music .
2			author	great	book	worth	school	high			well written but can we say rambling and slow . this book has no point ! george eliot was a great author and wrote it really well , but seems not to have put any sparkle in it ! i m being forced to read this in high school and it is the dumbest thing i have ever read . if you want to find out about english life in that time , this book is worth a glance , but don not pay for borrow from the library . oh , and fix the adult form ! ! ! i m 16 and can not login .
2			women	different	contribution	great	books	practical	men	different	traits	natural			men can learn a lot from this book . while bags to riches is targeted to women , men will find benefit in its pages as a nuts and bolts level linda's book is one of the most practical books i have read . each of the 18 chapters contain action steps that are approachable and allow a budding entrepreneur to get started . creating forward a concept level i found myself having greater insight into the mindset of the women whom i do business with . throughout the book linda has success secrets which highlight the natural beneficial traits of women in business . for a man it's like having access into a women only chat room . it is said that men and women are different , but once you are conscious of those differences a synergy occurs . this book will help any man recognize and understand those differences . thank you linda for a great contribution !
1			testaments	old	value	literary	chapters	powerful	defense	best	enemy	worst	testaments	new	need	little			inspired words ? this book is simply a refutation of the bible as literal fact , and divine inspiration . mr mckinsey , in this work , finds little need to make complex theological arguments , he instead simply uses the bible itself to expose its own falibility . throughout 25 brief , yet powerful chapters mckinsey shows us why the bible is simply the the flawed writings of some very fallible men . proving in the end that simple logic is the best defense against the raving , illogical arguments so common to the fundamentalist mind . this book is for anyone who wants to examine the bible in a fair and logic way , one no focused on the literary value of the book , but on the destructive nature of its message . mormonism and islam are also discussed along with the seemingly countless versions of the old and new testaments . as mckinsey states , see why in the end , the bible is its own worst enemy .
2			ways	new	condition	good	it	good	writer	new	service	great	i	pleased	stories	short	book	good			great service ! well , i was a jamoke and waited for the last minute to get this book for class . however , i saw that it was cheaper on amazon and that i could order it , hoping that it would arrive before my class the following week . what i didn not know was , the seller lived in illinois close to my house and after ordering it having it arrive literally two days later . i was very pleased with the condition of the book as it was stated , in good condition , and having it arrive very early definitely made my day . i recommend anyone who's looking for their last minute books , to order theirs from these guys ! oh , the book is good too , just because it's good for the use of writing short stories , fictional writing etc definitely recommended for the new writer in us , or the advanced once , to pick up , read , and learn many new ways of constructional writing .
2			pouch	great			never leaves my side . i tend to over stuff the front pockets and the flap does not alwaysvelcro close . but i tend to carry too much unit is a great utility pouch and holds up well .
2			i	thrilled	depth	good	copy	original	domain	ultimate	graphis	nice	simulation	great			lost gem . ultimate domain or genesia in the european market is another great strategy / simulation from microids . for it's time , the graphis are pretty nice with good texture depth and animation . the sounds pull you into the atmosphere of the game , and the voice acting is pretty well done . gameplay has a slight learning curve , but after a couple of hours , you tend to get the hang of it thanks to the intuity of the menu syste ms for anyone who likes a challenge , the ai leaves a little to be desired , but i promise you that this is one of those lost gems that are overlooked and forgotten about . i remember playing this game on my 486 and unfortunately , this game has taken hours upon hours of my early life away from me . i was thrilled to find an original copy of this game as it is probably my all time favorite of that era . check it out . you won not be disappointed !
1			odor	bad	it	gorgeous			i tried , but couldn not get rid of the odor . i really wanted to love this tea kettle , it is so gorgeous ! unfortunately , like many other reviews stated , it has a bad chemical odor that just wouldn not go away . i washed it , boiled 6 full pots of water , boiled a water / vinegar mix a few times , and even let lemons soak in smell just wouldn not go away . i made some tea and tried to ignore it but i just couldn not get the chemical smell and taste to dissipate .
2			moments	nice	pieces	classical	precision	great			brahms for the faint hearted . brahms 2 d is one of my favourite classical pieces , a symphony which pulls it's listener in every direction , from the nostalgia driven first and second movements to the exciting and uplifting finale . this however is my opinion and clearly not the opinion of george szell . szell sacrifices any passion and intensity for a purely clinical and cold approach . sure the playing is first rate with great precision and provides some nice moments but stick this in you hi fi , go and read a book or some amazon reviews , and you will forget it's on . sorry but i happen to like the not hick textured whole hearted approach of solti .
2			toy	great	feet	little	pad	great	them	compact	ones	little	control	great	them	nice			lots of fun for the little ones ! i purchased three of these scooters . one for my son and one for each of my newphews all in the 3 1 2 -4 year old range . right out of the package , they unfolded them nice and compact for storage and knew exactly what to do with them . though none of them have ever ridden a scooter before , it took no time at all for them to figure it out . the wide foot pad is great for little feet to stand on and they maintain great control with them . we have always been pleased with radio flyer items and this one is no exception . great toy !
2			brand	solid	value	great	power	great			great value choice brake rotor . centric brake rotors are a solid value brand and i have these on my second car . they are quiet , have great stopping power and last a reasonably long time . these are not performance rotors and i would not put them on v 8 corvette but on a 1994 nissan sentra they work great .
2			task	tough	sights	great	editor	happy	states	united	visits	additional			disappointed & biased . any book that has 87 pages devoted to sights in the british isles , 200 to western europe , while less than a 100 pages cover all of asia including only 12 pages on india and 8 on turkey can never claim to be a worldwide book should be called 1000 places to see in the western world . with some additional visits around the world sprinkled in so i can reach the 1000 number and make the editor happy ms schultz overlooks so many great sights in the world and even in the the united states for some just mundane and lame ones bbq places in missouri come on . i am sure ms s had a tough task but the least she could have done to her readers is to let them know how biased the book is !
2			i	disappointed	album	live	stunner	complete	album	fantastic	album	good			good js album , but there are better . of course , nearly any album featuring the eighth wonder of the world is fantastic , but i was a little disappointed in this does his most swingin work in the trio i think . . turrentine's sound and licks are very complimentary along with the tasty comping of kenny burrell . . again , this is good but check out the jimmy and wes live duo album a complete stunner . perhaps charlie parker and art tatum are the only other two jazz artists who have so completely dominated their instruments like jimmy .
1			book	worst			garbage . i can say without hesitation that this is the worst book that i have ever read . if you are considering buying it don not . nothing more needs to be said .
1			piece	real	purchase	poor			this mouse is a piece of dung . where should one start ? 1 very cheaply made ; 2 mouse jumps around eratically even when you barely move it ; 3 wheel is extremely jittery ; 4 wheel is also very erratic you end up having to use keyboard if you need to move around from page to page more than a little . all in all a real piece of dung . avoid at all costs . even for $ 10.00 a poor purchase .
1			photography	original	color	poor			samson and delilah cecil demille . very poor color print of this film . does not show off the original technicolor photography well at all . inferior print . both sound and picture .
1			construction	poor	ms	proble			very poor construction . i ordered this player and returned it for the same problem 3 separate times . the problem was that the volume buttons rattled around loosely inside the plastic shell . i called creative the first time to see if perhaps this was the way it was supposed to be and i was being too picky . they assured me that no , it was not supposed to do that and i should return it for another one . by the time i went through 2 more players with the same issue , i was frustrated to say the lea st i called creative again to see if there was anything they could do such as open up the package and check it before they sent it . the customer service rep said that there was nothing they could do . what's up with that ? the plastic case reminds one of a child's toy that would break easily . with all that being said , i bought one for my wife at the same time that i got the first one , and she hasn not had any of these proble ms you decide .
1			artifacts	pleasant no	looks	good	feels	good	detail	bad	aperture	open	specs	great	i	amazed	it	defective	contrast	poor			sounds good on paper . . i m amazed at how inferior this lens is . it looks good . it feels good , and i like the focus clutch mechanism . the specs are great and just what i wanted for my eos 10 a wide , fast , fixed focal length lens . i had never bought a third party lens before . images from this lens plagued with bad detail , poor contrast , and the out of focus areas are harsh and filled with unpleasant artifacts . i never think twice about bokeh , whether its bad or good , but this is bad . i kept waiting for something decent to show up but it didn not . the situation improves when then aperture is stopped down , but wide open this lens is abysmal and wide open is what i got it for . perhaps it is defective , but i doubt it .
2			looks	good	graphic	great	artwork	rich	portion	large	quality	high			quality shirt with great graphic . every t shirt offered from the mountain seem to be of high quality , i have three so far and plan on getting a couple more . heavy , good quality , cotton t's , with rich well printed artwork , that usually spans a large portion of the front of the this dragon one is no exception , it looks good and meets my expectations on a quality t shirt
2			nintendo	old	game	great	it	entertaining			awesome game ! if you are looking for games for an old school nintendo , this is a great game . it is very entertaining !
2			john	big	matchvs	legendary	vs	great	gordman	black	studd	big			the eighth wonder of the world . andre the giant was a man larger than life , so large his nickname was the eighth wonder of the world . lord alfred hayes hosts the matches that built the legend of this hall of famer . match listing includes vs . moondog rex 01 08 81 18 man battle royal including sgt . slaughter , big john studd , jimmy snuka , pat patterson , hollywood hogan , paul orndorff , the iron sheik & tito black gordman & great goliath 12 01 76 vs . jack evans , johnny rodz , & joe butcher novavs . gorilla monsoon with the grand wizardandre the giant & jimmy snuka vs . the wild samoans 18 02 83 vs . the masked superstar 20 02 84 andre the giant & s . d . jones vs . big john studd & ken patera with bobby heenan 15 12 84 this is the legendary haircut matchvs . ken patera 21 01 85 revenge of the giantvs . big john studd 31 03 85 wrestlemaniacommentary by michael cole & tazz .
2			stories	greatest	storyline	original	deal	great	films	fast	films	loud	interpretation	personal			its pish . what is most vexing about this filming of lotr , as an action movie , is that this , and at least the next , generation will , in the main , be robbed of their initial personal interpretation of one of the greatest stories ever told . the films is fast , loud and garish , leaving it for those intimate with the novel to add space , hue and texture as we watch . the mysticism , morality and horror of the story are reduced to a string of action pieces loosely strung together by abrupt nods to the original storyline . those who don not benefit from familiarity with the book are experiencing an exciting film , perhaps , but one which , in its narrow focus , leaves a great deal to be desired in terms of telling the story it purports to . i would implore everyone to read the books before viewing , as you will lose forever the chance to experience it anew .
2			info	good	minds	little	dvd	great	dvd	little			charlie trash truck . this is a great little dvd for kids . my grandson , jacob just loves this show and asks me to put it on each time he comes to visit ; sometimes three and four times that day . it also has lots of good info on recycling ; how to separate your items and how the whole recycling process works . very informative for little minds . great !
2			looks	great	look	great	i	disappointed no	water	little	bit	little	package	entire	value	great			great value . i had been wanting a tonneau cover ever since i bought my silverado 4 years ago . after reading the reviews , i finally pulled the trigger here at amazon . i am not disappointed . the item shipped promptly and was packaged nicely . installation took nearly an hour , but that's because i was extra cautious and over analyzed the directions a little bit . i did not give this item a full 5 stars because the cover was not properly aligned on the bulk head brace , which required me to undo all of the clamps and adjust it . fortunately , my wife noticed it could be adjusted the cover itself just slides through the bulk head brace , otherwise i was set to return the entire package . after that adjustment , everything went fine . the cover looks great , although i notice that a little water seems to be pooling up after some rain . still , well worth the money and makes the truck look great !
1			book	hate	book	terrible	books	worst			this book isn not good at all . i really hate this book ! i have to read it for school and i think that it is one of the worst books ever . please do not subject yourself to this terrible book
2			laughs	great			the usual funny mcpherson . great laughs , as usual ! mcpherson fans and followers will love this one ! before all else , mcpherson first ! enjoy !
1			pattersoni	worst			time line . read congo and timeline after reading the worst pattersoni have ever read cross country , never have i ruted to killthe hero for stupidity , no more cross for line and congo was refreshing after that .
2			work	great	work	particular	tale	particular	works	individual	book	electronic	pain	real			great work , poorly organized kindle book . this review is intended as a review of the book , not of the work of edgar allan poe . as a poe fan , i purchased this book just for the pure fun of reading poe on my kindle . however , the book is so poorly organized that finding a particular tale or poem is a real pain and takes a lot of the fun out of it . while there is a table of contents , the individual works are not list there ; rather there are groupings of the works so you have to know or guess to which group the work you may be looking for belongs . alas , there is also no index . this is an electronic book i should be able to toggle down a table of contents to a particular work , select it , and be taken there , but it doesn not happen that way . not recommended for kindle readers !
2			product	great	he	delighted	son	particular	something	big no	system	high			pleasantly surprised ! this was bought as a gift for my son who is very particular about the sound quality on his computer . he wanted something that was not real big , but that would give the full sound of a home theater system . he was delighted with the sound quality and the appearance . i was a bit skeptical because i had never ordered from sls before , but everything came in the time stated and was in excellent condition and exactly as advertised . i will buy form this seller again , and the sound system while not a hugely high end system , is definitely adequate for those particular about sound and smart about money . great product for the money .
1			plastic	weak	design	poor			poor design ! i ordered this tripod only to have it arrive with two of the lower leg struts plastic broken so the legs couldn not be braced correctly . sent it back and got a replacement it also arrived with one broken strut . the plastic must be very weak so beware . wouldn not recommend this for anyone backpacking etc
2			ye	fantastic			absolutely do not miss ! note this movie is not for children ! ye the comedicpairungs of this cast were fantastic . a bit raunchy , which undertines of laugh out loud one liners and inappropriateness that makes this movie a must see for those who love a combo sci fi / comedy flick for the young or immature at heart !
2			kitchen	best	scissors	great	they	easy			the best kitchen scissors . i use these scissors for everything when i m cooking . i love using them to cut into raw chicken even though the bone on chicken breasts to make pieces smaller . the scissors are great for making chopped salads ; just cut the lettuce and vegetables in the bowl to get a chopped salad . they are easy to wash and dry but i also place them in the dishwasher . i highly recommend these for all uses in the kitchen .
1			books	terrible	depiction	true	men	real	situation	real	situation	bad			for the love of god don not read this book . stay away from ambrose and his terrible books , he paints a poor and incomplete picture of ww 2 he is biased ie in dday he never once interveiwed a troop carrier pilot and painted them as cowards , he glamourises war and hides the terror and out for yourself , buy a copy of the sky men by kirk ross , it is the company history of f company , 513 h pir , 17 h ab , it is a true honest depiction of an airborne company , after that you will never look at ww 2 the same paints no heroes , only real men in a real bad situation .
2			romance	great	whithin	original	read	great	suprise	complete			great read . wow what a complete suprise ! for once i didn not feel as if i was having deja vu while reading a romance story was original , and the romance was great . this has become one of my favorite books which considering its genre say's alot for this book . please read if your looking for something original whithin the romance section !
2			feat	live	cd	best	song	great	songs	best			one of the best cd's i have ever bought . one of the few cds that i can play all the way through without skipping tracks . although it is a little softer than their earlier stuff , this cd is definately worth the money . some of the best songs on the album are fade and pressure . epiphany is a really kick @$$ song . outside isn not quite as good as the live version feat fred durst from the family values tour , but it's still a great song . and last but not least , it's been awhile .
2			they	great	them	cool			solid besides logos . these socks hug your feet and keep them cool . they are great for running . i had trouble with blisters because of ill fitting shoes , but these socks helped keep my feet from chafing for basketball . only exception with these socks is that they have bright colored logos that are not very stylish .
1			book	good	book	empty	book	little	i	happy	piece	worst	adventure	large			uh huh . a feel good book . i really don not know what one might desire out of this . it is but another , in this case , large adventure in human self indulgence . i m happy the author found his peace in life . yet , this is a very empty book . there's not much here beyond the seemingly endless capacity a person has for fooling himself . this little book was about the worst piece of tomfoolery i have ever been party to .
1			lee	poor	it	horrendous	films	worst			poor stan lee . poor stan lee . his name is attached to another sci fi stinker . the sci fi channel is making itself infamous by producing the worst films in the history of the industry , and lightspeed is right up not see this film . it is horrendous in every opens with 15 minutes of mindless and pointless gunfire , and then the story kicks in .
2			product	great	seller	professional	service	great	problem	small	game	great			great game and great seller service . i had a small problem with my order and the seller was very professional with their response . great product and great service !
2			teenagers	regular	butterfly	social	taste	great	it	fun	conversation	stupid	kids	popular	kids	rich	side	regular	book	great	clothes	great			great book ! the book is pretty much like life , well for the popular rich kids . yup the world of popularity pretty much revolves around great clothes , and style , and being a social butterfly , and being well a little or very spoiled . coming from the regular side it's kind of fun to see how the other half lives , instead of some mean girls having fun all the time and being brats they are showing them as regular teenagers with lives other than glamorous and pulling schemes on claire , and trying to get a boyfriend . who knew popular kids have other emotions rather than hate and schemes and great taste in fashion ? ps this review sounds geeky . choking hazard if you have read the all of my stupid conversation you might laugh so hard at my idiocy and geekiness that you will choke and might possibly die .
1			it	bad	comprehension	real	quibbling	political			not worth the time . tedious and poorly written . the book is a bore . the writing is bloated and rambling . i stuck it out and finished green mars but i wouldn not do it is the second installment in the red mars green mars blue mars series . it is every bit as bad as red mars and that's saying something . the book essentially involves political quibbling several hundred years in the future about issues that defy both relevance or real comprehension . forget it . there must be something that has caused this book to sell well . it wasn not the prose , the plot , or the characters . i don not know what it something else .
2			movie	great	flick	great			awesome story . great motivational flick , especially cool for any us soccer fan . its a great movie to have in the movie library .
2			textbook	helpful	examples	great	it	worth			awesome . this textbook is super helpful . it was worth the buy , not only for math class but for reviews of material i have no seen for a while now . great examples and i love my buy .
2			work	best	fan	huge	cd	great	songs	great			sweet ! what a great cd ! ! i have been a huge eric burdon fan since i was a teen growing up in the 60 s and this cd is the best work he's done since the original his voice is the stuff he's put his body through he sounds better than ever ! and with the great songs and musicians this cd hits it out of the park .
2			i	wrong	read	great	cry	good	book	fun			not at all what i expected ! when i read the summary of this book , i thought it was going to be a tearjerker about a man who loses his wife . get out the hankies and have myself a good cry . but , i was so wrong . this book was hilarious ! porter does have to deal with the loss of his wife , taking care of their kids and dealing with his in laws and their grief but , this wonderfully entertaining book about the road trip to end all road trips is just plain fun . i really loved this book and found porter to be a character i thought about a lot after i finished the book . i really wanted to know more about him and what his future held . i don not think there has been a book sort of about death that i have enjoyed so much . great read !
1			glorification	hate	son	old	thing	worst			it could never happen to me . i m torn by two opinions of this movie . on one hand i hate the hollywood glorification of suicide . on the other hand i want to increase awareness of a swift and deadly disease depression . i saw this movie last summer and was deeply touched . in fact , i even discussed it with my 16 year old son . in october my son died from suicide . absolutely the worst thing that can happen to a parent such pain , such sorrow , such guilt . kurt was my life and now he's gone . i prayed that he wasn not influenced by this readers who don not know , suicide is the second leading cause of death for teenagers . every year over 30 000 people of all age groups die from depression in the us alone . for every suicide , there's estimated to be at least six deeply affected survivors . suicide is a national tragedy with growing concern . the surgeon general has recognized the problem . to increase awareness and help in prevention see . american foundation for suicide prevention .
1			vinyl	original	metal	poor			definately garbage . i have the original vinyl copy of this . if you like vocals you can not even start to understand and like poor death metal , than this is for you .
2			movie	great	rateing	due			fullscreenwarrior . all movies should come out in wide and full screen versions . my rateing for this movie is due to the wide screen version only . i am sure it is a great movie as bruce willis seems to do no wrong . he is one of the best !
1			album	best	production	poor	album	personal	reason	poor			metallica . after years of yo , what up with not allica , the band has reformed . and when i say reformed , i mean reformed . hetfield came out of rehab more inspired than ever before , and pretty much wrote the album st anger . the rest of the band was quite fueled as well , so they pooled their efforts and made their heaviest and most personal album to date . this is a metal landmark . their lyrics deal with hetfield's inner struggle , and the music takes elements from all their past albums and blends them all together fantastically . the only reasons to dislike the album are that the production is poor , there are no solos , and it sounds a bit like soad , and poor reason those are . who can deny that the musicianship is spectacular ? who can deny that the whole album is filled with emotion ? are these not blessings ? honestly , folks . this is their best album in over ten years . they deserve some recognition , dag nabbit !
1			low	new	sell	hard	humor	funny no	book	worst			hard sell , easy to put down . this is easily the worst book i have read in the past two years . make that three years . poorly written , edited and packaged , this tale of a slacker viagra salesmen is completely witless . there's nothing worse than an attempted joke that goes thud . and this book has an estimated 20 000 thuds . this is another in a long sting of unreadable books from andrews mcmeel , a company i certainly hope has the wisdom to get out of the business . hard sell represents a new low in mcmeel's catalog . it has the feel of a self published company hs a longstanding history of publishing humor that's not remotely funny . add this to the this book .
2			blues	great	cd	great	rock	hard			lew , the blues singing postman . i heard iv e been cheated on xm and bought the cd . this is a great cd but it is not what you would call chicago or detroit blues . this is kentucky blues sung with a drawl and excellent guitar work . the pace is slower and there isn not anything hard rock about the music . my suggestion , go to youtube and listen to cheated , then tattoo blues and that should be enough for you to decide . this in not buddy guy but it is great blues and excellent guitar .
2			fun	great	i	glad	baghead	fun	baghead	terrific	baghead	funny			great fun , wonderfully rendered . baghead is terrific fun and funny and engaging on every page , with a surprise ending every kid will adore . i read it to a group of eleven year olds , and they loved it , too . what a delightful story i m glad i stumbled across this book !
1			fan	huge	movie	good	performace	bad	performance	excellent			excellent performance by leonardo dicaprio as usual . i thought this movie was very good . everyones performance was excellent especially leo's potrayal of hank . i am a huge fan of leonardo's and i have not yet seen a bad performace by him movie really touched me and it really shows how important family is .2 thumbs up ! end
1			they	natural	method	current	taste	bad	pills	different	tastes	bad			surely it can taste better than this . my insurance does not cover prenatal vitamins , so on the hunt for something i could afford i purchased these . i liked that they were natural , included ginger extract , and were one a surely they can make a vitamin that tastes better than this ? i have tried a range of other vitamins , and never have i had anything that tastes this bad . i don not understand the folks who said this doesn not taste bad did they get different pills ? are their taste buds dead ? even the smell in opening the bottle is overwhelming . my current method is trying to cover the pungent taste and aftertaste with milk . doesn not quite work , but anything to take the edge off . i do take them with the mommy's bliss omega -3 dha supplements , and those are quite nice .
2			they	suck	lighting	suck no	life	suck	sound	suck	they	bad no	charger	suck			they pretty much suck . i bought these specifically for using on a 7 day cruise . had i paid any more than $ 45 and if there was anything better out there , i would be sending them range sucks . you can not communicate from carlos & charlies to the forum shops in cozumel . you can not talk between the gym and the outdoor pool bar on rhapsody . if it's quiet , you can talk between the casino and the theater or between the solarium and cabin sound sucks . with any background sound you can not hear the speaker . with no background sound , you can not hear the speaker unless the talker is exactly 12.72 inches from his / her unit when battery life sucks . it won not last all charger sucks . even with the charge light lit , it sometimes doesn not red screen lighting sucks . it's too dim to see unless the moon is not out . other than that when it's very quiet and the other party is only around the corner they are not bad !
2			inflections	irish	inflections	traditional	noise	average	purchase	bad no	crop	current			more mainstream for this quartet , but still enjoyable . devotees of the corrs might come away less than satisfied with in blue , since the group has moved away from some of the more traditional irish inflections that marked talk on corners and their other albu ms but taken on its own , the group's harmonies , andrea corr's lush , mature vocals compared to the teenie pseudo soul bellowing of america's current pop crop , and the still there irishness elevate these pop tunes above a lot of the average noise out there . not a bad purchase , but track down talk on corners or unplugged to fall in love with the corrs .
2			quality	best	printer	easy	results	great			great results but a gas i mean ink guzzler . this printer is easy to set up and use and produces striking results with photoshop , but it drinks ink by the gallons . i am able to get less than 20 11 17 prints from a set of cartridges that cost about $ 100 i think there is an option to use less ink and of course you can set the quality lower than best but for the work i do it isn not worth the risk . apparently hp has come out with a pigment based printer that uses less ink .
2			reccomendation	great			a great reccomendation from a friend ! these books were a recommendation from my friend who is doing molecular simulation using cuda and needs very optimized codes ! do i have to say anything else ?
1			store	local	purchase	bad			buy something else ! i have never written a review on amazon before . i bought this product from a local store last spring . really a bad purchase . couldn not suck up anything ! i was cleaning out my garage this summer and acutally put it out for the garbage man to pick up . i wouldn not even give it away to someone because i felt like i was just passing along a problem to someone else . told the wife sorry about wasting the live and learn .
2			look	nice	addition	great	seem	strong			easy to install great addition to camper . i put 3 of these on last night . they install just like the video shows very easy to put will tell on how well these hold up . but i see no issues with them . they look nice and they seem strong . i installed these on a 2003 trail lite camper .
2			composers	classical	stories	small	capacities	intellectual	types	different	it	great	music	great	he	old	composers	great	opportunity	new			it's great for older kids too . my son started watching baby mozart and baby bach and baby einstein when he was about a year old . he is 3 5 now and still enjoys all these videos . he still loves all the playful images and toys but views them as a show of small interactive stories and not just like stimulating images . and there is no doubt that music of mozart and other great classical composers broadens child's intellectual capacities and interest in different types of music . there is no need to toss the video out once your child leaves toddlehood behind . there is a new opportunity for preschoolers to engage their imagination and interaction with the world while listening to the great music .
2			game	ok	game	frustrating	demo	frustrating	it	bad no			decent game . the game is okay , evil enters the world and in the demo u can get no mana ; the only way i can think to get around this is no clip cheat into endeva whatever is the name and get the pixie bag . the game is a pokemon rip off and is what pokemon should have been , it's a gr 8 game and will take hours to play a whole lot of hours . the demo is frustrating but 1 e u get the hang and figure out some things it's not too bad . if u only play the demo for a while your mana will run out bc u can not buy any . the game is the full story of the demo and far less frustrating
1			program	capable	waste	complete	stars	negative	software	worst	receiver	crappy			pretty much useless . you would have thought that with the power of a pc behaind it this will be the most capable navigation program . unfortunately , it is by far the worst navigation software ever devised . combined with a crappy receiver that takes forever to aquire the satellites initially i thougt that hardware has failed ! and loses them often , it is a complete waste of money . too bad there are no negative stars , one star is way too high a rating . i would provide all the gory details of my experience with this product but i am barfing on my keyboard every time i think about you are a masochist , you will really enjoy this product ! !
2			music	great	album	classic	riffs	great			great rocking music ! i couldn not stop tapping my feet or stop playing air guitar . great riffs . it never gets old . a classic rock album .
2			show	great	series	complete			well worth the wait ! i waited a long time to get the complete 1 t series of this great show ; and am very happy with this dvd set . as you can see it is on proper single sided dvds with a picture on each dvd . and all 24 episodes . now if only they will release the other episodes made in the 1980 , the 2 d to 4 h seasons aren not as likely to be released , but hopefully will .
1			it	bad	dose	good			save yourself , return the book now ! okay , i read only half the book because it was sooo bad , i have never read or have desired to read steele and recieved this as a gift . i tried to read it , but the style , the plot , the characters the name dropping . giving my brain a good dose of quality and falling back into bed with two collections by alice munro and some fine poetry .
2			pots	hate	i	glad	it	great	pans	hate			love this pan . i cook a lot and i m glad that i bought this pan . it's great for using on the stove and in the oven and it cooks meat well . i hate washing pots and pans and this pan has helped me never to have to wash again . i scrape it after cooking , coat with canola oil , and then store it in the oven . whatever you cook in it will help it keep its seasoning and you won not need to put a lot of effort into maintaining the pan if you cook at least once a week with it . i use mine nearly every night !
2			everything	enjoyable	everything	great			wonderful in every aspect ! great in every aspect acting , direction , tight knit story line plus wonderful scenery . everything about it was just great and enjoyable .
2			authors	different	book	great	it	difficult			an excellent read . with nonfiction being so popular nowadays , it's sometimes difficult to choose who and what to spend your money on , but with this anthology you get a taste of several different authors . my favorites are bauer , bain , and beard the b's win hands down , i guess , and i went on to read beard's book too which is great . i love not only how personal these essays are , but also how heartfelt they are i didn not feel the aloof stance of the observer that i sometimes feel in nonfiction i felt like these were genuine people trying to make a connection by telling their stories . it's an excellent book .
2			tour	great	music	popular	copies	expensive	song	popular			what popular music should be . this is a great tour of american popular song . play it for supper when you have some guests over whom you really like and are at least semi civilized . now for the bad is out of good used copies can be a bit expensive
2			speed	durable	speed	good	gun	great			great gun . its very durable , good speed for a low priced aeg , and it has a fast rate of fire . i highly reccomend this gun !
2			i	great	experience	personal	books	simple	points	main	quotes	great	thoughts	easy	things	spiritual	language	native no	us	unique			the power of being different ? yes ! i loved it ! i am passionate about this subject about us being unique embracing our uniqueness ! this book is just very much fitting into this idea ! it is providing the main points of who we are giving readers opportunity to relate to these points from personal experience and recognizing the power that is within us ! quotes at the beginning of each paragraph i found to be great kinda setting the mood for what the paragraph is about . as english is not my native language , even though i know it pretty well , i prefer to read books that are simple to read , easy to follow the writing , the thoughts this book was easy to read and therefor i enjoyed it even more ! empowering , thought provoking and easy to relate ! another great read with the this idea spiritual growth 101 things to know about embracing your uniqueness !
1			i	willing no	mood	bad	film	short	i	excited	film	solid			abysmal . i rented this because ti west was involved and i have loved his films thusfar . house of the devil and innkeepers especially . his short film in this about the people on their honeymoon was actually pretty solid . the remainder of them were straight up craptastic . i paid $ 8 to rent this because i was so excited to see it months before it came out . i actually turned it off before finishing it . i would not even be willing to rewatch this for $ 0 my friend bought it he is bummed by the mistake so i ended up finishing it a couple of months later thinking that maybe i was just in a bad mood or it !
2			book	best	photos	great	details	historical			wonderful westborough history . this book gives historical details of westborough , massachusetts . great photos and descriptions . best book available for westborough history !
1			dvds	bad	methods	mysterious	agreement	complete			in complete agreement with other reviewer . whoa are some of these gnomon dvds bad ! this guy does not explain the first thing about how he has arranged his layers in photoshop , the kinds of brushes he is using , or much else . instead , you basically watch him strut his stuff , skillfully laying down colors and through mysterious methods making it all sort of work . i thought some other gnomon dvds were bad alternately too detailed and then not detailed enough but this takes the cake . $ 59.00 should get you a teacher who can really help out .
2			noise	little	customer	satisfied	price	great	bit	little	anyone	tired			definitely a satisfied customer ! i was a bit leary about ordering a vacuum cleaner online but i could not resi st it was a great price and it works so much better than i could have imagined . it is a little bit louder than i expected but it gets the job done so i can deal with a little noise . i would definitely recommend this model for anyone who's tired of sweeping ! !
1			quality	poor			poor software quality . i will definitely tell everyone to avoid buying this product at all cost ! i tried installing on windows xp atleast 5 times before abandoning any more attempts . everytime , it would result in blue screen of death . i would return this product if they accept it !
1			instructions	worst	design	terrible			terrible design makes no sense . inspite of the fact the badminton requires a 15 field and volleyball a 20 wide field , they give you a net of 30 an no explanation of why or what to do with the extra 15 . just insane . worst instructions i have ever read . really laughable .
2			buy	great	squares	little	product	great	look	good	they	sturdy	brand	best	squares	tiny			great buy for a great product . these champion thermal or long underwear are the best brand i have ever bought and i have decided not to buy any other brand arrived so quickly i could hardly believe it . they are so sturdy and look good at the same time though of course they are under all other clothes ! hehehe other brands i have bought , you know the kind that are crinkled up like little tiny squares all over ? they just get ripped apart in the wash . not these champion ones ! now we get to turn down the heat and stay warm and cozy at home !
1			analysis	intellectual	way	poor	aspects	bad			psuedo feminism . this book poses as a feminist text , but is really a guilty pleasure fest of stories of women cutting each other down in bathrooms and streetcorners . it portrays women in a very poor way , with the justification that i concentrate on the bad aspects of women in competition cause that is what we need to change or maybe because it sells books to talk about women fighting over men , obsessing over their weights or badmouthing each other . there is no serious intellectual analysis here . try michael messner for a balanced , intelligent and fun discussion of women in sport .
1			editing	terrible	rock	greatest	quality	poor	performance	weak	i	amazed			very tired and weak . i also love the stones , but this is awful . there is terrible choppy editing of some of the greatest rock every written . the sound quality is poor and the performance is weak at be st it sounds like the band is phoning it in . i was amazed at how lackluster the performance was when i listened to it . do not buy this .
1			movies	worst			refund . this has to be one of the worst movies i have seen . what a waste of talent & money . one has to wonder what someone was thinking when this was made . i could only stand to watch half of it . don not waste your time & money .
2			movie	great	it	good	fan	big	remake	great	line	easy	show	original	acting	great			what a great movie . i was a big fan of the original show of dark shadows . in fact i have it on my instant que from netflix . this movie was a great remake . i loved the music on it . it brought back memories of the music i listened to when i was a lot younger . the acting was great and the story line was easy to looks like there may be a sequel and i hope if there is , it is as good as the first one . i have this one downloaded on my kindle fire and watch it often . i really like this movie .
2			sound	clear	him	famous	conducting	great	espana	legendary	conductors	great	argenta	poor	it	alive			one of the weaker choices in the great conductors series . if there was ever a conductor known for a single recording , it is ataulfo argenta , a spanish maestro who died ignominiously in his forties when he decided to warm himself on a cold winter night by sitting in his car and running the engine in his garage . the recording that made him famous was espana , an audiophile showstopper from decca that is legendary to this day . nothing in this set is worthy to be called great conducting , or anywhere close until the very end . for one thing , most of the collection is taken up by the scrappy paris conservatory orch . i won not run down the details of the liszt faust symphony , the schubert ninth , or any of the other routine readings until one gets to de falla's el amor brujo at the end of cd 2 it is vivid and alive , and it gave me the most enjoyment , even in 1951 mono sound quite clear and satisfying for its day . poor argenta , he should have put on a sweater !
1			nightmare	worst	game	stupid	game	horrible	game	terrible	graphics	bad			your worst nightmare ! this game is horrible ! i would give it -5 stars if i could ! the graphics are so bad that they make you die while you are playing it ! do not buy this terrible and stupid game !
2			material	great			great nap time material . i really believe that this person feels they have truly traversed through a journey for information or enlightenment . myself i think he chewed way to many peyote buttons while in the desert .
1			they	effective	fit	poor	material	thin	class	regular	mobility	comfortable			cheaply made , poor fit . these shoes are suppose to be designed for kung fu / martial arts . however , they are not designed to withstand the abuse of a regular class , much less completion or sparring . the material is thin and tears easily . the outer edge that should cushion under you ankle is rigid and prevents comfortable mobility , forcing you to move as if you are walking on glass . also , the exhorbitant restocking fee leaves you with the option of returning the shoes for a dollop of a refund , or keeping the shoes as unique bookends . i now use them to throw at stray cats in my ya rd they are very effective used in that manner .
2			set	great			great set for everyday class . this music keeps my students moving and inspired . the wonderful melodies give me ideas quickly for combinations . i highly recommend these cds .
1			rolls	hot	crap	complete	bet	worst	event	independent	crap	total			completely lacking fundamental probability theory . total crap . the only upside for me was that the book cost a total of $ 5 . which i would have rather used for the worst bet on the craps table . as soon as someone starts talking about hot rolls and how to read them , run away as fast as you can . he argues against the come bet but almost in the same sentence says i don not know the math around these probabilities but just listen to my rationale . what rationale ? craps is pure mathematics . his betting ideas about starting high then betting low when you are up are also complete crap . does this idiot know what an independent random event is ? obviously not .
2			read	great	villain	alive	disconnect	literary			what did i miss . this was a great read , until the heroine was burried and the villain is alive in chapter 43 then she is inexplicably brought back to life and the villain killed . ! i don not get it . did i get a erroneous draft of this , book or what ? how did this get five stars with this literary disconnect ?
2			selection	great			awesome . i loved this movie pack . it had a great selection of movies . i loved watching the dvds is holiday season with my family .
2			thing	bad no	apartment	small			i may have bought more than i needed . the idea of buying this much and saving 40 from the smaller bottle size was appealing , but only washing my hair twice a week means that i won not have to buy shampoo for 5 -6 years . not that it's a bad thing , i like the quality of the shampoo , but i m afraid it could expire at some point before then , if that's possible . luckily i have enough room to store it , but in a smaller apartment where space is a premium this would get on my nerves . i guess anyone with a small apartment and a costco membership would have this problem with anything they buy in bulk .
1			tattoos	large	loser	pathetic	narcotics	worst			val kilmer pulls a rabbit out of the hat . in the first three minutes of this film , val kilmer tells you not to judge him until you have viewed his life this film . this film begins rather depressingly with several druggie losers and multiple large body tattoos and the worst narcotics and our druggie loser val kilmer trapped in a fire . a film that begins this low , this fatal , how could it get better ? how can we root for such a pathetic loser ? hang in there ! you will be surprised at the ending . really surprised . next to tombstone , one of val's be st did i mention , you will be surprised at the ending ?
2			i	thrilled	volleyball	real	it	useful	practice	great			great for indoor volleyball skills practice . my daughter is a middle school volleyball player and the weather doesn not always cooperate so that she can practice outdoors . i saw this advertised and promptly got it for her . ours arrived as a white ball , not red as pictured , but it's just as described . she finds it particularly useful for setting and agility and i m thrilled she's not bouncing a real volleyball against any of our doors or walls .
1			movie	bad	makeup	terrible	acting	laughable	mistake	familiar			creep sho . a family straight out of a sixties sitcom makes the familiar cinematic mistake of taking a backroad to see the sights and end up at a fallen down sideshow full of inbred freaks who want to breed with it's all been done before and acting is laughable ; the makeup is terrible and you won not believe the dog / freak . a pretty bad movie !
2			i	popular	deal	great			the kirov celebrates nijinsky / sheherazade , la spectre de la rose the poloytsian dances , the firebird . sheherazade is the sort of ballet that influenced fashion at pre world war i in that was extremely popular then in all the most fashionable cities in europe at the time even the aristocracy was facinated by this ballet and the fashions that came out of it for women then . i enjoyed all of the ballets that are on this cd a great deal including the fire movments , the way that everything was done . i m not an expert at this sort of thing but i enjoyed it thoroughly !
2			songs	easy	cd	great			great cd . i have really enjoyed this cd by glenn frey . all the songs are easy to listen to and i especially like the two that were part of the miami vice tv show . it is a definite addition to any cd collection .
2			themes	realistic	extremes	great			sweet but not sticky . a wonderful story with an even combination of conflict and happiness . and i am not a relative or friend or the author herself ! many christian authors go to such great extremes to create realistic themes that it becomes depressing . but brenda coulter has learned the magic formula and i will read more of her books .
1			music	bad	waste	total	product	horrible	it	depressing	cd	worthless			total waste of money . i would give this worthless cd a minus ten , but that is not on the li st this is exactly what what this love cd contains 1 about 10 minutes of why you should not smoke which is not in the least inventive in delivery in language , or is it well written 2 the rest of the cd is waves or bad music and that is it ! when i ahd the displeasure and it was depressing as you expect something for your money ! i was listening to the cd to the ocean waves totally unsure of how these so called professionals think will help people with smoking and finally realized that is all the cd is . horrible product . i order from amazon all the time , and i think in 15 or so years , this is the first review i have ever written but this cd is less than worthless , if that is possible .
2			they	awesome			perfect for poultry ! i bought these to spatchcock my turkey for thanksgiving . i cut apart the turkey bones and all with these shears ! they were awesome .
2			book	helpful	extent	great			too much setting , not enough substance . i agree with many of the nay sayers here . wwe seems , to me , to focus more on placing aina in as many locations in both time and location as possible before the book ran out . also , it seemed like putting in conflicts was an afterthought and caroline just wanted to write a novel about elves and hadn not thought out much more beyond that point . i couldn not understand the great extent of apparent temporal shift aina seemed to experience . i knew she was an immortal elf after the first chapter . it seemed unnecissary to keep driving that point home throughout the whole book . i do feel this book can be helpful to others who strive to right for the shadowrun genre as an example of what not to do .
1			product	poor	i	disappointed			awful voice for this character . selma blair did not understand this character . her tone of voice is really unappealing . i am very disappointed and will not use this in my class . poor product .
1			movie	bad	it	interesting	acting	bad	stars	stars no	you	glad	it	difficult	reviews	bad	cinematography	bad			wish i could give it zero stars . oh my goodness what a waste of time it was to watch this movie . i don not like to give bad movie reviews but this movie is so bad that i felt compelled to write a review . half way through i started to fast forward but then thought i should just watch the darn thing since i have come this far . horrible ! just horrible is all i can say . the cinematography was so bad that it was difficult to actually watch . the music throughout the movie was , well i can not find a word that describes how awful it was . the acting was just as bad . it would be interesting to see rider strong in a better movie . my advise is to skip this movie and go for something else , anything else . you will be glad you did .
2			paragraphs	original	translation	original	edition	original	feel	modern	form	original	me	wrong	edition	new	version	great			get west's original translation from 1991 instead . i have compared multiple versions of the aeneid and west's is easily a great version , but his subtle revisions made for the new penguin edition of 2002 do more harm then good in my has divided his original long paragraphs now into two or three paragraphs for this edition , has changed the order of his sentences and structure , also adding words into them . all this making it feel more modern and not get me wrong it definitely doesn not sound like a translation when you read it , but this version departs from the original epic form david west had created for the original penguin edition entitled seven wonders of the world released in 1991 i would try to get west's original translation instead of this release .
1			book	worst	character	worst	reading	good			worst book ever . there are no words to describe how i felt as i read this . how a character that used to be relatable has now been reduced to cold hearted hypocrite that is more likely to have sex with the vampire then slay them . i can not stand this series anymore and i have returned the book . i can no longer gloss over the extreme lack of sense , style , and or story telling these books have . reading 500 pages of highschool level hysterics is not my idea of good reading . anita is the worst character i have had the displeasure of reading . i m through .
2			guys	talented	it	terrific	something	little	cd	different	cd	great	guys	original	it	worth			horse of a different color great cd . i got this cd a couple months ago . it is terrific . i think it is almost worn out . i listen to it over and over . these guys are so talented and original . the cd has a little something for everyone . there are thinkin songs , drinkin songs , and cryin songs . it is definately worth the money to go buy it .
2			product	terrible no	item	bad no			not bad . not a bad item . felt a bit flimsy for my taste and was not comfortable to hold . will go back to the leather but is not a terrible product .
2			music	available	cost	great			it's a bootleg . this c . d . was produced without the consent or authority of the owner of the recordings , joni james herself . all the music is available legitimately from her own catalog . the music sounds great because it was taken from the digital remasterings joni herself financed at great cost and lovingly remastered .
2			minuses	boring	series	great	recommendation	useful	overview	general	types	available			only worth a quick glance . pluses the book gives you a general overview of what types of wall systems are available . minuses the photos are mostly boring and / or outdated . recommendation many of the books in the ideas for great series are useful . however , this book is not one of them . i would skip it or check it out from the library .
2			season	final	sf	best	price	great			one the best sf shows on tv . as i had season 1 to 3 i could not resist adding the 4 h season when i saw what a great price it was . by golly only $ 20.00 for six discs . i will be looking for the fifth and final season when it is released .
2			things	important	season	fantastic			the season is fantastic ; packaging isnt . this is the second season of the spice and wolf series . the story takes holo and lawrence to the town of lenos . important things happen . the story does skip the fourth book's reason i mark this down is the fact this is a dvd case , not standard blu ray case like season 1 this looks very ugly next to season 1 s shorter thinner blu ray case . why they decided to use the larger dvd case is odd .
2			gripe	small	season	exciting	characters	great	show	outstanding	i	crazy no			great characters , and zombies ! this season has been exciting from the start the development of the characters , the quality of the acting and the moral choices they face on a week to week basis is what drives the show . add zombies to this , and the tension just keeps building . i m not too crazy about the governor plot line , but that's a small gripe for an otherwise outstanding show .
2			way	easy	i	glad	one	new	anticipation	great	prey	easy	suspect	good			i have read them all though i should have skipped this one . i have savoured every prey book and look forward with great anticipation whenever a new one is released . however , i was disappointed with easy prey and felt that mr sanford took the easy way out . it seems that at some point he must have realized that the story was coming to an end and that he had no good suspect , so he had better make one materialize . i am glad to say that this is the only prey book that i would give 2 stars , just about all the others warrant 5 stars . i suggest you skip right to chosen prey , it continues where certain prey left off .
1			quality	poor	transfer	poor			poor quality transfer . this is an excellent film , which unfortunately has not been given a decent treatment by the distributor . i was very disapointed in the quality of the release the picture quality is poor , inter titles appear to be missing , and the score which has been added is just a repetition of long synth chords that don not match the action on screen . it's a shame , because a film like this one deserves much better .
1			dvd	worst			i have seen better quality film in a bathtub . the quality on this dvd looks like one of those multi generation vhs dubs you find bootlegged at a convention ! this is probably the worst quality dvd i have ever seen ! the 8 m home movie footage actually sometimes looks better than the interviews shot back in 1993 simply horrible ! !
2			you	best	movie	great	flick	classic			a classic . this is a classic flick of the con and the pitfalls of thinking you are the best at italways someone betterorthe easiest person to con . . is a con ha ha haanother great movie in this ilk is matchstick men
1			charger	bad	product	poor			charge for pentax optio m 10 and 50 . i bought this charger thinking i would be able to save on batteries , it doesnt even make the battery signal go green , it stays red on both cameras , unless i got a bad charger and batteries . i say this is a very poor product .
2			tale	great			maximus . it is a great tale , perhaps historical , i`ll have to go o computer to decipher it ! ! maximus the great ! more words is tooo much folderal ! 11111
2			solos	fantastic	songs	great	man	young	drummer	excellent	choices	good	band	tight	skills	superb	quality	high			more rock than blues . i just bought this a couple of weeks ago , i finally got the chance to sit down and watch it . wow what a mind blower , this young man 18 at the time plays and sings with the conviction of a veteran arti st his guitar playing skills are superb , along with his vocals . this is a must for blues or rock fans , he comes off as very much in control of his game . the other guitarist is no slouch either , he also does some fantastic solos . the drummer is excellent along with his bass player , his band is very tight and of very high quality . the songs are all great , they were good choices for this show . the dts surround adds a lot to the enjoyment of the show , this is one i bought after reading other reviews . the other reviewers hit the nail on the head with this one , just buy it you will love it .
2			it	great			i love this item . i love the express microwave steam sterilizer , i got it as a gift for my upcoming baby and it works great . it also brings 4 7 z bottles , which i thought it was great . my microwave is 1100 w and i only need 4 min and 2 to let it seat . that is great in 6 min you are ready to go . love it buy it !
2			book	awesome			yay . cool . n ow i m going to type a lot of spaces , cause i don not want to type 20 thanks to reading . ps i was just kidding with the spaces stuff . this book was awesome . it has action , it has humour , and it actually thought me about greek mythology . once again , thanks for reading , and i was just kidding about the spaces .
1			dialoge	stupid	version	big	plot	bad	it	bad	movies	worst			100 megaton bomb of a movie . i resisted seeing this movie in the theatres but finally broke down and rented it on video . i had heard it was bad but nothing could prepare me for the sheer stench this movie gave off . being a big batman fan tim burton's version anyway this just disgusted me . with the kind of budget b&r had and the quality of the actors there was no excuse for this travesty . bad plot , hokey acting , stupid dialoge . errh ! just makes me mad thinking about it . undoubtebly one of the worst movies i have ever seen . joel shumacher should be banished to siberia !
2			mount	high	system	complete	telescope	great			great for the price . very complete system for the price , and the addition of the software is a great telescope obviously doesn not have the high end mount needed for tracking or finding objects , but it's a great beginners telescope . has everything you need .
2			blend	great			a great blend of jazz , funk , and rock . dave matthews band is one of the most influential bands of the nineties . in twenty years , people will talk about them like we talk about the beatles . drawing from roots ranging from bob dylan to john coltrane , they blend jazz , funk , and rock in the rippingest , trippin concoction since the sixties .
2			draw	tiny	gift	great	instructions	easy			awesome product . the instructions were very easy to follow for the setup . one tiny draw back would be the length of the av jacks . great gift for parents who have records that haven not been played in years . you are going to need an existing stereo or speaker system to play .
2			footage	great	something	little	fans	informative	process	creative			a must see for any fan and informative for the crazy non fans too ! i fall in love with disney animated features everytime i watch this documentary . while it does focus a lot on the drama and power struggle that the disney company fell victim to in the 80 s , it also gives you glimpses into the life and struggles of a disney animator and the creative process of the studio at the time . even more importantly , you get to see some great behind the scenes footage of howard ashman at work . who , even 20 years after his passing , inspires me to get off my ass and do someting creative when i see the passion he had for his art . if you were a kid in 1989 and grew up through the disney decade , you will especially love this film , but i promise , there is a little something for everyone in waking sleeping beauty or as i like to call it disrupting the pretty napper ;
2			movie	great	story	alive	movie	old			murder in the first . murder in the first might be an old movie , but , it is still a great movie . the friendship between christan slater and kevin bacon in the movie is the center of the story . filmed in alcatraz and news clips from the 1930 s brings the story alive . it's a great movie with a satisfying finish at the end .
2			movies	old	movies	entertaining no	hudson	great	doris	great			send me no flowwers / lover come back . very funny to watch . rock hudson and doris day are great together . who said that old movies are not entertaining .
2			release	great			you have got to be kidding ! i have always enjoyed this movie . it's a fun film with a great ca st i own the vhs and have been waiting for the dvd release . however , you don not really expect anyone to pay $ 48.00 for this video , do you ? ?
2			books	great	something	new			i wonder when they will run out of ideas ? the first three books about the star wars saga were great . the following three excellent and the three coming after just as good but the story is starting to run thin . simply wrap the stories up and think up something new for a change .
2			gate	nice	looks	nice	gate	bad no	gripe	biggest	gate	sturdy			nice gate overall , but dissapointed with size of animal door . i have no problem with the gate , door , or with set up . the gate itself looks nice and appears to be sturdy and secure . my biggest gripe is that my two medium sized cocker spaniels 25 pounds & 33 pounds can fit thru the hole . seems to me the pet door should have been made smaller if there saying it let's smaller animals thru . anyways , aside from that it's not a bad gate .
2			stories	great	cop	true			awsome ! i really reminisced about the job as i read along . i personally worked under the author and witnessed his kind heart for subordinates . he is a true cop , family man and an author that writes the truth . if this author was not so considerate of his cop's needs , he would have made chief of department . he really made me reminisce about my time on the job . there are so many great stories in this book that you won not want to put it down .
2			static	noticeable	stations	open	battery	original	ipod	old	mini	old	feature	great			brings life to my old ipod . i own a second generation ipod mini that's nearly four years old . after the original battery stopped working properly , i ordered a replacement battery which worked well for a while , but then would still have the same problems as the first ; always starting up slow and dying when the indicator on the screen showed the battery still had half of its charge . in addition , my headphones have long been broken , so it's been a long time since i have used my ipod . i got this itrip for christmas , and it works great . since it has a built in charger , the battery problems on my ipod are actually no problem , and now i don not need to have all my cds in my car to listen to my music , as it's all on the ipod . the only drawback is that in my area there are few fm stations that are open , but i have found a few that , when my ipod music is playing , produce no noticeable static . in addition , the presets feature is great and works excellently with setting presets on your car radio .
1			pillowcases	different	they	dry	wrinkles	horrible	wrinkles	bad			scratchy sheets . these are tightly woven and heavier than the other 400 count sheets i have . they also come out wrinkled and it doesn not seem to matter how you wash and dry them . i can deal with them being heavier because they do keep you warmer but the wrinkles are horrible . if you put the sheets on as soon as they are dry most of the bad wrinkles smooth out fairly well but the pillowcases are different and are a wrinkly mess . i will not order this brand again .
2			waffles	delicious	item	great	kitchen	small			waffle baker . great item , makes delicious waffles and sandwiches too . not too big , it's a perfect size if your kitchen is small .
1			aid	useful	melatonin	effective	doses	high	sweats	bad	melatonin	cheap	dose	low			helps you fall asleep but awful night sweats , waking up , and crazy dreams . i bought this as i heard it was a useful sleep aid and was looking ti see if any worked better than melatonin i already knew all other claims about zma for testosterone and everything else it is marketed for were bs . it helps you fall asleep but i was up several times waking up with bad night sweats and crazy drea ms strangely i do feel rested even after waking up 3 -4 times in pools of sweat and having to change shirts but zma is a waste of money and not worth taking again . if you want restful sleep buy some 1 g melatonin tablets and cut them in half and take .5 g . low dose melatonin is shown to be more effective than high doses and is dirt cheap and works better than this anyway .
2			it	fantastic	item	fantastic			re play t . v . better than v . c . r . i own this item , it is fantastic , you can record and watch something you have recorded eariler , at the same time . can not do that with a v . c . r . i bought it when there was no monthly subcription fee . i want too update for one in the bedroom , but don not wanna pay monthly fee for it . it has a modem and calles out every night to up load channels for the 8 h day , so you can record up to 8 days at a time , or set it to record your favorite shows , like soaps or sitcoms every week , it type in luciele ball , it will find all shows pertaining to that name . fantastic item , i recomend to all .
1			albums	bad	shatner	wrong	it	funny	album	worst	it	bad			like a car crash . just can not draw your attention away from it . it's so bad , it's funny . from his butchery of pulp's brilliant common people to the his sage , wordly advise you are going to die , this is an album which is so wrong headedly self important shatner appears to think he's leonard cohen , rather than a fat , talentless , washed up actor and so musically bad , that words really do start to fail made me laugh until i 's the worst album i have ever hea rd and i have bought some bad albums in my i really can not believe all those reviewers actually liked this . there are two possible explainations for this 1 they have never heard any other music , and thus have no point of comparison for this atrocity , or 2 shatner has built a war chest of funds from his hooker days and is using this money to employ professionals to flood amazon with favourable reviews for his albu ms there really can not be any other possible options .
2			machine	great			great machine . purchased 3 for the office , works great . had a strip shredder before and having a confetti cut is a lot better . it takes much more time to fill up than the strip cutter and stays neater overall .
2			it	strong no	cologne	classic	scent	safe	fragrance	great			great fragrance ! classic cologne that really pulls in compliments . i have worn this to school and work . women tend to express that this is a safe scent . it's not too strong or overbearing but it doesn not fade quickly either .
2			deal	fantastic	handle	best	media	main			leftist traits on display ! ann tells it like it is she has the best handle on the movement that we call extremist left . you may know them as the looney left , the socialists , the crazies , the main stream media , or just congress ! ms coulter tells it like it is ! fantastic deal you should buy one of these works ! it's neat ! xlnt tranzaxion ! would buy again ! rating aaaaa
2			complement	great	bands	great	weights	heavy			great for training . i once thought that these things are gimmicky , but i have recently enrolled in a circuit training class and found that there are plenty of strengthening exercises to be had with these bands . resistance training does not have to involve heavy weights ; bands are great for working deep connective muscles . i travel a lot so these are great for being on the move and a great complement to hotel gy ms
1			shipping	bad	result	best			worthless . this product does not work at all . i tried it with multiple computers on multiple tvs and the best result was like trying to watch a tv channel i don not pay for . glad i paid so little for it . too bad shipping and handling was half the price .
2			everything	great			is this really tguk ? when i listened to this cd for the first time , the first two songs , overdue and stay gone resembled the get up kids alright . it sounded like all their other stuff . but once i got past those tracks , i heard so much i didn not like . this cd doesn not sound a single thing like the rest of their stuff . it's actually . terrible . i m going to their show this july and i am praying to bejezus that they don not play too much of this stuff . everything was great up until this album but that's just my opinion .
1			movie	great	display	worst	v	poor			poor a / v for a great movie ! absolutely the worst display of 1080 / dts hd master audio i have ever experienced ! truly a wonderful movie that was haphazardly transferred to hd , & from germany no less ! ! such a crime . i hope this one will have a better restoration in the all those who appreciate this fine motion picture !
2			music	similar	albam	great	charlotte	good	music	great	music	good	band	great			great . i have always been an fan of punk . punk has varied so much through the years . good charlotte is a great band with great music and now has a great albam , this type of punk is more pop than the past punkers of the ages , similar music are simple plan , blink 182 mest , greenday and so on . yet the music is still good and i recomment it to any person who enjoy punk at all aspects
2			book	great			a book you will not drop till you finish it ! i think this is a great book because it gives you history about germany and the nazi's . yes , yes most of us have heard all about it . but this book had vivid images of unhumane things that were done to these human beings . i think this is a book that helps you realize that even now a days we have problems with our society . i think it's a book that shows you the tolerance people had in that time . lastly i must confess that i have never cried by reading a book . however , when i finished readying this book i was sobing . it's a book that really touched me . i would definitly recomment it !
1			i	disappointed	book	classic	actress	good	movie	crappy	it	painful	parts	important	adaptation	worst			they ruined my classic book . i am so disappointed that they made my timeless book into this crappy movie . if i knew they would make this bad of a movie out of my book , i would not have written it ! this was the worst adaptation of jane eyre ever ! ! ! there was no chemistry between jane and mr edwards . it was painful to watch them kiss , i m not kidding ! the only good actress in the whole movie was gemma jones who plays mrs fairfax and is from sense and sensibility . it is definetly a made for tv movie , and should have never been made into a you prefer watching made for tv movies then you will like it . i recommend either the 1996 version or the 1944 version with elizabeth taylor as helen . this version misses all the important parts , quickly runs through her childhood , and skips her aunt's death . there is no emotion in this movie and it has no suspense at all . trust me , don not rent or watch it ! i hope this was helpful .
2			cleaning	basic	kit	great	kit	portable			great portable kit for my m 1 garand ! great kit , had everything i need for basic cleaning of my m 1 garand and with the addition of the .45 cal brush i can also clean my m 1911 so a plus on that . highly recommended for an on the go field kit .
2			book	new	company	different	book	great	cost	total			missing parts . book was in awesome condition and great for the kids however it was to come with a cd for listening and it was no where to be seen . i had to reorder from a different company so that i could complete my lesson with the kids . amazon is supposed to send half of the total cost back to me because of this issue but it was not enough to cover the cost of ordering the new book and cd .
2			distractions	vocal	disappointment	real	piano	great			axel zwingenberger and sippie wallace friends of boogie woogie vol 1 . this cd was a real disappointment for me . maybe if you are a sippie wallace fan you might enjoy it . however , if you are hoping to hear axel ticklin the keyboards i don not think you will enjoy it . sure , axel does play on each song but personally . i couldn not stomach the distraction of sippie's vocals which i didn not find enjoyable at all . there are 2 decent tunes tracks 6 and 9 which are the only ones where axel alone plays with no vocals from sippee . a much better choice of cds in my opinion would be boogie woogie classics that is jammed full of great boogie woogie piano with no vocal distractions .
2			lesson	basic	job	great			kung fu san soo's basic 45 lesson's . this book is a must read ! whether your looking for a combat art to study or have been a kung fu san soo exponent , there is alot of information in this book . master gatewood does a great job in detailing the techniques themselves includes pictures and explaines even further the lesson concept , principle being taught . although he doesn not mention this in his book , he has had to defend himself numerous times using san soo while working as a peace officer . master gatewood also shows the postures used in san soo and explains their use . it is definately a must read . sincerely , john wheeler
1			it	bad			cd contents . fyi ordered this cd for missing you song . the missing you song is not the john waite original . it is a duet with alison krauss too bad the song list in the ad did not indicate this .
1			movie	worst			marginally better than v . at least it wasn not the worst star trek movie ever made . the characters were so unlike anything else in the star trek universe . and why would someone be driving a vehicle made hundreds of years before they were born ?
1			contraption	entire	pieces	smooth	idea	fabulous	results	poor	packaging	original	you	wrong			never lasting treats . it took my dog more than an hour to make it through each of his first two ever lasting treats . i thought the ever locking treats would slow him down even more . not so . because the edges of the disc pieces are scalloped rather than smooth like the ever lasting treats , they don not stay wedged down in the ball as well . my dog can get the first one out in less than five minutes . you would think the twisting lock would at least add some complexity , but you would be wrong . as soon as my dog chomped through the first disc , he shoved the stick back through the ball , using it to pop out disc number two . it probably would have taken him longer to wolf down the entire contraption if i would just handed the treats to him in their original packaging . fabulous idea ; poor results .
1			andalites	fake	books	great no	books	magical	garbage	total			a shame to the name animorph . this like its predeseres is an insult to the magical books . the books were great this wasn not . gone is the intense action and fights the book described . now we get garbage sneaking around . the andalites are very fake and are never showen all at once . no taxxons at all . the hork bajar just stand there . gone is the witty smart acting of the books replaced by total garbage . read the books and stay away from this .
2			toy	fantastic			coolest t . this toy is a fantastic toy for kids you can scan your bit chip and find out info on spicial moves and you can chang the gearing like on a bike and you can also check your 3 highest rip scors .
2			music	great	me	wrong			too much talking . i didn not know that this is some interview or something . i of course have no idea what been said , but what music there is on is great . perhaps 3 songs in complete not get me wrong , i love alexandre , i think he does great music .
2			turner	great			life support . a great page turner that kept me up all night to see the end . i enjoy all of tess gerritsen's work !
2			film	great	mood	scary	scenery	great			not worth buying . it seemed promising at first , especially considering betsy palmer was involved . great scenery , mediocre acting . i think the movie was overpowered by all the bluegrass / country / backwoods music . maybe it's cause i m not a fan of that kind of music actually , no , i can appreciate the music . what i have issue with is 1 it makes up about half the movie . like they were using the movie as a vehicle to sell their music . 2 it didn not create a suspenseful or scary mood . might as well have called it the hee haw witch . overall , what could have been a great film , fell flat for me . and now i m sad .
2			look	fake	lotion	great			not what i expected . i really thought this lotion was going to be great but it was everything but that . if you are pale then do not buy this product . i promise you it will look very fake and orange if you are pale . i have light skin and dark hair and i couldn not even leave my house after i had put this stuff on . i looked like i needed to be sitting in a fruit basket . horrible ! if you have a base tan then you could probably use it . i ended up giving mine to my father because he is very tanned . it looked ok on him but it does wash off easy and i found it coming off on my clothing days after i applied it . i would never buy it again .
1			writing	poor	stuff	old			same old stuff . beatles and beach boys have done all this before . try something of your own . poor song writing , none of the tunes stick . sorry nice try
1			history	entire	product	worst			useless contraption . i would have been better off with a string tied toa paper cup . in the entire history of electronics , this is the worst product ever made .
2			records	solid	bands	underrated	country	great			the monster kills . this record puts tm back where they were 7 years ago when they stopped playing together , on top . possibliy one of the most underrated bands to come from this great country of ours usa , theyve always put out solid records and performances . although i am a fan of the bicycle thief , tm sound like a bunch of guys that should be playing together as much as possible . it shows on this reco rd i recommend this record to any music fan . it shall be the soundtrack to my summer !
2			definitions	original	scenes	necessary no	deal	great			a masterpiece of passion and tragedy . thorton , berry , and the rest give some fine performances . the sex scenes , though , are really a little much and are unnecessary , though they do contribute materially to the plot . at times the sex scenes are also , perhaps unintentionally , hilarious . on the surface the movie seems to be a morality tale with two dimensional , almost stereotypical , characters dealing with race and sex / gender , but actually the film possesses a great deal of depth and ambiguity . ask yourself questions about everything you see in it . i reckon film scholars will be studying this one for a long in all , this movie is filled with passion and tragedy , both in their precise original definitions . it's a masterpiece and miss berry truly is deserving of her oscar .
1			studio	professional	picture	clear	quality	poor	quality	bad	it	dark	vhs	old	rating	high			this video comes from a professional studio . this film has very beautiful women in it . to bad you don not see them clearly . the picture quality is very poor . it is blurry , grainy , dark and some stop motion effect which ruins it . it looks like they took it from an old warn out vhs . this is the first video i have watched from this company . i have frazier's favorites , which i have not watched yet . if the picture quality is as bad as this one , i will not buy another . if the picture was clear i would give this a high rating . as it is , i do not recommend .
1			you	lucky	news	good	trailer	theatrical	news	bad	king	direct	disney	typical	features	extra	mermaid	little			typical disney . getting the minimum for the maximum price . well , the good news is the little mermaid , peter pan , 101 dalmations , pinocchio , and lady and the tramp all shine on dvd . the bad news is that mulan , hercules , and the direct to video lion king ii simba's pride still stink . was hades , the medocre villian in hercules , involved in the desicion to release such an unever boxed set ? the other bad news is all these movies , both as a boxed set and individually , cost top dollar for a dvd and come with the mimimum of extra features . you are lucky if you get a theatrical trailer . for the price disney is charging they could have easily packed the extras that graced the deluxed editions of the laser discs of these fil ms if you must own these titles , by them individually , sparing some of the lesser titles . the only reason you may want to own all these movies is if you have a child who loves all of them .
2			models	powerful	disappointment	great	system	easy	chapter	useful	research	historical	research	extensive			over hyped . despite the advertising , i would say that this book is of little or no use to all but the beginning investor who wants a very easy to manage entry / exit system . i could replicate the extensive historical research that these prominent authors have performed for their systems in less than a few days and i m no expert . there are more pages of text devoted to the history of fidelity and to an overview and explanation of the select funds the only useful chapter in the book for me than to the 3 powerful mutual fund models . the computer programs included on disk are nothing more than incredibly simple spreadsheet templates . i m not sure if the authors are bull market opportunists or just naive , but their book was / is a great disappointment to me .
2			graphics	great	track	limited	graphics	nice			nice graphics , few choices . the graphics are great but the limited track and repetitive route lead to a quick loss in intere st the great graphics and driving feeling are soon not enough to hold your intere st also , there is no option to steer with either the thumb controller or the arrow pad , you are forced to the thumb controller which i do not prefer .
2			product	great	drugstore	local			great product . can not always find at local drugstore . good to buy on line . shipped and arrived promptly . check prices . seems like they vary a lot depending on vendor .
2			contemporary	modern	romance	interested	book	wonderful	story	traditional no	book	great			great book . this book was wonderful , stellar character development . a must read book for anybody that is interested in the not so traditional love story romance . a modern contemporary must read .
1			facism	worst			facism at it's worst . ah , a girl controlling a community . she's the boss , she's the director , she's the dictator . kind of a crude message , don not you think ?
2			stem	fine	alternative	great	ends	typical	mixer	real	stem	short			works great as a frother . maybe not strong enough for a real mixer or stirrer , but makes a great alternative to the $ 20 dedicated milk frother for capuccino's etc the short stem is fine for my milk depth , and the stirrer end , though different from typical coil type frother ends , works fine . plus some advantages 1 stiffer stem less likely to bend out of whack , 2 detachable stems for easier cleaning 3 momentary switch better for frothing bursts 4 smaller , lighter and generally more manageable in the hand 5 only one battery instead of two 6 cheaper .
1			enemy	true	guys	bad	line	exciting			please ! clancy fans , walk away from this one ! as a dedicated reader and fan of everything clancy , it pains me to read the latest adventure of john clark and ding chavez . not since 'sum of all fears has clancy woven such a lose and outright boring tale . the story line is only exciting when the newly formed rainbow counter terror team deploys for action using the hightech devices at their disposal to to bring down the bad guys . when the story reveals that the true enemy is a bunch of eco terrorists intent on killing the world's population . enough is enough ! tom please ! ! has the world gotten this boring since the demise of the soviet block ? this dear clancy fans is a must miss !
2			thing	big	printer	hate	quality	great	replacement	great	printer	best	it	slow			ink vampire . i received this printer as a replacement for the i 9900 was great . fast , with great quality printer is the pits . it is slow , with inconsistent colors , and one other big thing ! ! it uses more ink than any printer i have ever had . every other print job requires a $ 14 top of that , the print settings are help you when the print heads start to clog . your first print is one color and every print after that shifts a little . i hate this printer and frankly feel duped , after loosing what i considered the best printer i have ever had , the i 9900
1			she	annoying	tall	nice	workout	worst			the worst pilates workout out there ! i read some of the reviews on amazon before i purchased this , and i thought some were kind of harsh . . turns out they were dead on ! i wonder if denise austin really knows what she's doing at all ! she's annoying as ever , and she has a creepy , psuedo awake and cheery ! you will have nightmares for days with images of her prancing around crooning nice , tall body ! ! please someone make it stop ! ! you are better off trying crunch fat blasting pilates , because denise really screws up pilates for everybody in this one ! !
2			they	fantastic	sizes	different			these are fantastic saved me $ 300 . i have had these for years and they are fantastic ! they come in different sizes so get the correct one . they have to go inside the pipe before your turn on the water hose !
2			movie	great	evening	entire			misleading ordering practices . great movie though ! i love this movie the problem was that i ordered it through amazon and it clearly said that it was coming from the uk which it did . however , it did not specify that the dvd would not work on a standard us sad / spoiled an entire evening over the holidays . shame on you guys for not specifing that items from abroad may not work here !
2			straightner	great			love it ! great straightner ! doesn not seem to really damage my hair as much as my cheaper one . worth the price !
2			music	great	music	unique	music	contemporary			phil wickham . i loved this album , phil's music is unique and very soothing , great worship album with contemporary music .
1			genre	worst	guitars	laughable	music	good	feel	sorry	band	crappy	tragedy	real			actually its not worth 1 star . how did this crappy band get so popular . there is absolutly zero talent . the guitars are laughable . and the repetitive whining lyrics . give me a break . this was the album that spawned the worst genre of music since country ! if you think this is good music than i feel sorry for you . who wants to listen to jon davis cry about his daddy molesting him ? the real tragedy is that his dad didnt kill him while he was at it .
2			read	great	i	glad	pictures	adorable	pictures	gorgeous			pictures are adorable , but not such a great read aloud . i bought the book because of the gorgeous pictures , very pleasurable to look at . reading it out loud went from fun to progressively more of a chore ; i was glad to finally reach the end . the story started to stumble towards the middle . my daughters never asked me to read it again , though they did enjoy looking at the pictures .
2			help	big	help	great	book	good			a really good book . great training help for anyone involved with dogs . is big help when need a fast answer
1			character	main	them	entertaining	family	hate	them	hate	enemy	worst	family	poor	them	easy			if you were waiting for this one , you wasted time . several years ago , i read the other calder books and found them easy to read and entertaining . so i can not help but wonder if my taste in reading has changed so much or if this was just a dud . the main character , cat , is a spoiled brat . not only did i not like her , i wouldn not wish a woman like her on my worst enemy . according to the storyline , almost everyone hates the poor calder family . if i lived in a town with this family , i would not doubt hate them too .
2			product	nice	i	happy	service	great			nice product and shopping experience . this is a really nice product . the service was great ! the item arrived promptly in the condition advertised at the site . i am happy with this purchase , and would shop here again .
2			living	french	person	french	critcism	small	clarity	great	america	hate			excellent and incisive . as a french person living in an anglo country australia i m well used to hearing the kind of mindless nonsense that is spouted daily aboth against the us and against france . this book is a reminder that france also has a great many intelligent , incisive writers of great clarity and passion , who not only don not hate america but admire it without gushing . let me tell you , folks , there's more than one french person who completely agrees with revel's thesis , and the limpid elegance , combined with biting wit , with which he puts his case . only thing i would say as small critcism is that he fails to address the fact that the anti us beast is simply the resurrected , mutated form of the anti anglo saxon beast , the auld enemy , as it were .
2			opportunity	great	stick	major			major miss for sony ! this card is a major miss for has been bragging about the portability of its memory stick . now , the playstation 2 is released and it does not support the memory stick ! if anyone from sony is reading this , please make an adapter for it at least ! this could have been a great opportunity for increasing demand and support but instead it is farther evidence that the memory stick might be another betamax in the making !
2			way	great	it	flimsy			save your money or pepsi points . i got this item as a backup with pepsi stuff points . i wish i had not wasted cd player is just about at the bottom of the barrel . it is flimsy , the sound is not that great way too loud at around 100 hz no memory , and very few decent features , and the skip protection doesn not advice , look at other products . and don not waste your money or pepsi stuff points on this . in two months it will be in the trash can .
2			it	great	album	boring			delusions . metheny is in a place where he can do anything and people will say it is great . this album is boring and the norah jones thing is a bit hoky .
2			day	hot	price	great	they	gentle	part	best	use	personal	idea	good			good for everything ! i love these ! i don not have a baby but i can imagine that they are gentle and effeective . i use these for everything taking off my makeup at night , a quick refreshing clean up on a hot summer day , a face wipe if i am rushed in the morning which is always , wiping my feet , wiping down the toilet seat and counter tops in the bathroom , and of course for personal use . these are gentle , effective , and environmentally friendly . i buy them on amazon because of the great price and because i use them all of the time so buying them in bulk is a good idea ! the best part . they don not have that awful baby butt smell !
2			novel	best	turners	great	stuff	good			i would give it 6 stars if i could . this book is simply the best novel i have read in many years . most multi generational novels cannot sustain the same level of interest and excellence each time period . middlesex grabbed me from the start , and got better as it went on . it's beautifully written and emotionally gripping . i read lots of novels in hopes of getting into a book like this every ten years or so . i cannot say enough about this book . whether your taste is for great literature or page turners that won not let go , this book is for you . i cannot recommend it more highly . i would say more , but i don not want to give away any of the good stuff !
1			movie	bad	effects	special	feel	horrible	reminicent	horrible			philosophy of a bad b movie ! i am an admitted gore hound but i need a plot to go with it ! the movie directors failed attempt to make a documentary like movie falls exceeedingly short of the mark ! the special effects are horrible , oddly reminicent of the cheesiest of 1980 s weakest horror movies ! too much rubber and corn syrup ! ! ! this is a sloppy , badly made , pathetically inane movie ! the movie has its put some actors to work ! that's all i can say about this piece of chewy phlem disguised as a movie ! i feel real horrible for the nameless people that these events occured even worst about the mockumenaty that depicts their exit from this world ! they deserved better !
2			element	critical	head	fun	read	great	character	central			a wonderful read ! head over heels is just so much fun . it passes and then some the only test that matters to me i couldn not wait to get back to it . i found myself thinking , while attending to life's chores , i wonder how magee the central character is going to dance her way out of this generally self constructed characters not only have depth as individuals , but the chemistry between them is almost palpable . every romance novel should succeed so wonderfully on this most critical element . head over heels is simply a great read i can not wait for more from this author .
2			read	great	personalities	interesting			great read . interesting book . i really learned a lot about lincoln , his staff and congress . not a lot has changed in 150 years as far as congress goes . the personalities of his cabinet was interesting . i had history in collage but this was more informative .
1			smells	bad	thing	best			i can not stop thinking about rat , forrest and tuck . i can not stop thinking about the characters in this book ! and they aren not just people , theres ravens too ! also a castle with drawbridges and a moat that smells really bad . but the best thing about this book is the way the author makes you feel as if you are right there back in time ! i really loved forrest and maddy , my favorite was rat and i was worried about all of them when they tried to escape . i loved how you were on the edge of your seat , wondering what was going to happen next . i have never been to england , but i feel as if i have been to the tower of london after reading this was a scary , exciting , and best of all fun . it's now my all time favorite book .
2			way	best	games	hard	product	great	device	great			best way to beat hard games . great device , had problems trying to beat d 2 on dreamcast , ordered this and it helped out a lot . i just wished they still made gamesharks . but sony / microsoft are against cheating devices for games . anyway its a great product and you can add games / codes of games that are not preloaded .
2			it	easy	improvement	great	design	expensive no			ruger gp -100 front sight . the hi viz sight is a terrific , inexpensive simple design . it's very easy to install on the ruger gp -100 revolver . it's a great improvement over the ruger factory sight . with any ambient light the fiber rod glows making it quicker to position the dot between the dovetails and on target . .
1			book	boring	facts	technical	style	repetitive	style	poor			boring and unimaginative book , just chronological facts . unless you are a videogame techie , this book is boring as hell . i did not enjoy the content of this book because its writing style is repetitive and poor . just a collection of technical facts from the 80 onwards evoking a bit of nostalgia for some of us . a pure waste of money otherwise .
2			music	great	days	old	adventures	new			how i long for the old days . i wore off the grooves figuratively , for you older folks off the recordings of murmur , reckoning , fables , and everything up to monster , but i will probably never listed to are veal again . why i ran out and bought it and expected anything different is beyond me , considering r . e . m . 's last four albu ms sure , it's great music to a lot of people , but i guess they just outgrew me . if you didn not like up and new adventures in hi fi , don not bother with reveal . vacation in athens is calling .
2			book	great			another awful james patterson ending . the book was great . the ending terrible . this is becoming a pattern with his books ! ! avoid
2			cd	best	sound	great	vocals	great	cd	awesome			awesome . this cd is awesome . the sound is great . the vocals are great . switchfoot did an amazing job of writing this one . i havent bought any of their other cd's , but i think that there's no way that anyone , even themselves , could have done a better job on a cd than they did . i think that everyone should buy this cd . this is the best cd ever
1			book	short	it	long	book	bad			one bad book . for a short book , fewer than 100 pages , it is one long , bad , boring read . save yourself ; don not read it if you don not have to .
2			storyline	beautiful	film	greatest	performances	fantastic	brando	sexy	actor	best	brando	brilliant			the greatest film ever made . this is my absolute favorite film of all time . every time i watch streetcar , the fantastic performances completely blow me away . to say this is a stellar cast is a vast understatement ! marlon brando is very sexy and very brilliant , and definitely should have won best actor ! the storyline is haunting and incredibly beautiful . whenever i watch streetcar i become entirely enraptured , and cannot tear myself away from the screen . a definite must own ! !
2			production	best	it	useful	book	great	treatment	best			best production book out there . this is a great book for production econ . any student working through theory of the firm or other production issues at the masters or phd level should have this book on their shelf . the treatment of duality is among the best i have seen , and blows silberberg , varian , chiang , etc out of the water . there is an implicit emphasis on agricultural production functions pure econ people don not really know anything about stage i , ii and iii concepts covered here , which makes it useful for ag economists . i found it useful to learn from and still find it useful as a reference text , which is a rarity for graduate level texts .
2			i	glad	book	great			great book ! water for elephants is a great book ! i wasn not so sure at the beginning , but i m glad i stuck with it . definitely recommend to readers looking for a thriller .
2			reviewers	previous	reviewer	great	brand	ok			this does not work with led lights , even the home depot brand that was reported to be ok . this dimmer switch has all the features that i needed when i replaced my room ceiling lights with led's . previous reviewers stated it didn not work well with controlling led fixtures . however , one reviewer stated that it worked with the home depot brand switch is great but it just isn not made to handle leds , too bad because i like the remote and the time delay feature .
2			booklet	little	questions	private	booklet	helpful	they	cheap	deck	great	point	spiritual			absolutely great and surprisingly accurate ! honestly , i bought this deck so that they could help me in writing my articles on household and cooking tips and pieces of advice from a spiritual point of view . i thought the pictures would help me with hints so that my ideas could fly . i must say i truly got inspired by the pictures , but this deck is incredibly great and so so accurate in private questions that i could not believe my eyes ! the little booklet is also very helpful and has a lovely appearance , as well as the box the cards came with , so thank you a lot ! i wish everyone to find pleasure in these cards , and they are so cheap . if you are a collector , as well just like me , this deck will really please you !
2			price	best	joints	good	joints	healthy	price	great			glucosomine for cats . great price ! used to buy these at walmart and walmart dropped the item from shelves . its the best and best price . use all throughout the cats life for good healthy joints
2			computer	new	drive	hard	solution	great	laptop	new			great solution for labtop usb connectivity ! this is a simple and efficient way to increase the usb connectivity for a laptop computer . we just purchased a new hp laptop with only 3 usb ports . between webcam , printer , wireless mouse / keyboard , and external hard drive , there was not enough ports on this brand new computer . by using this 7 port hub we got all the connectivity we needed . what's more , since the hub is self powered with an ac adapter , we are not drawing power from the laptop's motherboa rd we have used this for a month and have had no problems whatever .
2			it	good	energy	great			perfect . this is my second album and it is as good as his fir st beautiful , unique guitar . great energy ! very upbeat
2			price	free	shipping	great	it	great	price	good	teen	young			cute movie ! i have this movie and i liked it . i showed it too my niece and she loved it too , so i bought her one . i will say that there is a lot of sex humor . if someone is going to buy it for a young teen , they might want to watch it price was good and free shipping was great , too .
1			theater	live	rating	low	makeup	bad			thumbs down . all the children magically popping up , some bad makeup , and a few sad tries at being funny is what makes this movie deserve such a low rating . i think they could have come up with a better joseph than o . i have seen it 6 times in live theater , and every time the show was better than the movie .
2			product	great	hitch	great	price	great			great hitch . i haven not had any problems with this hitch on my 2008 honda odyssey . the only concern is that it tends to reduce your rear end ground clearance over steep bumps / hills . i tow a 3 500 b 22 catalina sailboat no problem . great price for a great product .
2			magic	great	set	great			great set ! my son got this for christmas last year . he was eight and a half . he watched the dvd and presented us with a show . this is a great magic set !
2			base	great	practice	religious	over	little	spiritualist	interested	variations	different			great for the herbalist / pagan . this book gives a great base for the spiritualist who is interested in the use of the green in their religious practice . i was relieved to find a book that was more earth oriented rather than focusing on commercialized ritualism , although some of the rituals seemed a little over done for a beginner to practice some of the other reviewers pointed out , there could have been more depth to some of the sections and others were padded with repeated information . even so , i would recommend this one to anyone interested in learning more about the different variations of the craft .
1			daughter	old	situation	poor	clock	cute	it	hard			so cute i wish we could figure it out ! this alarm clock is sooo cute , and my 7 year old daughter loves it . however , i find it needs more buttons like a simple off / on button for the alarm . the only way to turn it off is to go through the whole process of pressing the display and setting buttons in the proper sequence so that the alarm icon eventually goes away . these are the same buttons for setting the date , time of day , 24 hour vs 12 hour clock , am vs . pm , hours , seconds , minutes , alarm , and / or vibration , so we end up having to reset all of it every time we try to use the alarm . for a sleepy kid and mom , this sequence is impossible . i have the manual sitting next to my bedside to read how it is supposed to work , and have my daughter bring me the ringing clock while it is going off in the morning . this is a poor situation for an alarm clock ! it is cute but too hard to work it !
2			oufit	extra	boots	awesome	one	great	barbie	pretty			so glam ! this barbie is really pretty . i love her clothes and jewelry . she is glamorous and the white boots are awesome . you get an extra oufit which is a beautiful dress . she has glitter on her lips which i like very much . every time i say no more my scene dolls they come out with another great one so i have to get it .
2			quality	terrible	ratings	high	quality	great	looks	terrible	star	high			i don not understand . i don not understand the high ratings for this product . i have these headphones , and i have a rocketfish set . the rocketfish set looks terrible ; i thought these would look less conspicuous , and they do , but the sound quality the only thing that really matters in the end is terrible . that is to say , the sound quality is great what you can hear of it beyond the steady background distortion which goes away only for seconds at a time but is otherwise always there . i can use these to listen to the tv when i don not really care about the experience of listening i just want to hear what people are saying . but i cannot use these headphones for watching movies when i want to hear all the nuances and all the background sounds , like a surround sound . i think one star is too high for what i purchased these for . take my advice , go with rocketfish !
2			it	fast	i	impressed	printer	expensive no	printer	great			great printer . i am very impressed with this printer . i used to own an epson c 60 and this printer just blew that printer away . it's fast and the colors are very vivid . i would highly recommend this product . this is a inexpensive printer with a lot of bang for the money !
1			they	helpful	disc	defective	i	happy	price	good	feedback	poor			fearful customer care and follow up . i ordered the micro mem card and i recieved it promptly and at a good price . shortly there after , it failed . i contacted them and they were quick on the emails and sorta helpful . the disc turned out to be totally defective . in the last email , i was told a replacement would be here shortly , and would i consider replacing whatever poor feedback i may have posted with a favorable one ? i replied that i would be happy to , after i received a working ca rd that was 2 weeks ago and still no ca rd ps i already purchased another from another company and it works fine .
1			r	poor	part	worst	mechanism	loud	versions	new	it	poor			poorly made . do not buy ! this was a wedding gift from our registry . even as a gift , we have to replace it . the grind mechanism is ridiculously loud . you cannot use it with guests because of this . now the worst part . the carafe was poorly designed . you have to poor at an odd angle to only have the coffee dribble out . and it will poor all over your counter . i have seen the new versions of this model with a newly designed carafe but i m not giving it a chance . worthless . this coffee maker has turned me against cuisinart and their poor r&d .
1			looks	cool	comfort	poor	people	large	body	normal	people	heavy			i think this chair is made for large / heavy people . this chair forces the normal body into an awkward position and there is no way to adjust it . the reclining mechanism uses your own body weight as a counterbalance , and there is no way to adjust the tension . the chair looks really cool , but the comfort is poor . what a mistake .
2			they	rich	example	best	they	simple	collection	fantastic	stories	short			an amazing debut . anthony doerr's collection of short stories , the shell collector , touches the heart in complicated , moving ways . thes stories span the world and are told from a multiplicity of viewpoints ranging in age , sex and ethnicity while always feeling true and honest in their varied characterizations . the hunter's wife is the best example of the way most of these stories connect people with nature and through nature with each other in a circle that while often causing pain is also a means of healing . the charm of these stories is how they are seemingly simple but are actually rich and emotionally complex . for a long time this was griselda's story does not intertwine the characters with nature as do the others but it is my favourite . it reverberates with a quietly building strength . a fantastic collection of stories .
2			suzanne	good	crunches	regular	one	good	cuing	helpful	it	great	feel	good	section	entire	ways	different	addition	good			good . over the years , i have come to like the 10 minute solution series . this is quite a good one , but not my absolute will challenge your entire ab section in different ways . plank work for the transverse abs and pilates for the core , combat aerobics to hit and burn the fat and then regular crunches and ab curls and a little more pilates . i like having a dvd that concentrates mainly on abs because you can do these whenever you want daily if you would like . if you have done your walk or aerobic work , it's great to put this on when you have got a little spare time and it's easy enough but you still feel good for it afterwa rd the instructor suzanne is good her cuing is helpful and on the mark and it makes this easy to follow . i think this would make a good addition to your other workout dvds .
2			fortune	good	fashion	similar	collection	difficult	reward	great			this is the sound of madness and you are gonna dig it . i have had the pleasure and good fortune of following baltimore's trephine since their inception over six years ago . during that time they have changed their line up a few times , removing key boards and replacing drummers here and there , but consistanting making extremely challenging music . with this , their latest release , trephine has created their most complex album to date . heavy , technical , and utterly compelling , this collection of instru mental songs are at first somewhat difficult to comprehend in a similar fashion to robert fripp or king crimson . however , for the effort put forth the reward is great . somehow after a trephine album you may very well well find yourself exhausted but elated . simply put , the subtle details of this recording take you in , smack you around a bit , then spit you out without apology . definitely worth checking out ! i should add , too , that if you get the chance to catch them live , do it . flippin amazing .
2			it	worth no	reviews	great	ball	real	price	low	looks	cheap	ball	hate	it	worth	deal	great			i hate this ball . bought this to replace a wilson tackified leather ish ball that i bought around 10 yrs ago for about $ 35 my dog kinda ruined it recently . thought this might be the same ball and i was getting a great deal . wrong . the reviews were great , but this ball looks and feels super cheap and rubbery . it may be worth the price of $ 15 that's the only reason i gave it more than 1 star , but imho it's not even worth playing catch with . the u of michigan ball that i bought on amazon for $ 15 to keep in my office is better quality . considering the low price i m not even gonna bother to pay shipping to return it . think i will gift it to a friend with a kid , and pay a bit more to get a real leather ball that i actually want to throw and catch with .
2			moments	great	religions	different	part	unbelievable	pi	spiritual			when will it end . this had some great moments better understanding of animal behavior , the debate between different religions . but the only way i could finish it was by speed reading . it's claim to be a story that will make you believe in god was the most unbelievable part . where did that even enter into the book ? pi was spiritual and loved god but there wasn not anything that made this survival story make you believe in god more that the next .
2			piece	stable	representation	great			one of a kind . when i saw pans labyrinth in theaters i was loving every moment of the soundtrack , what a great representation of the film , seamless from start to finish , believe me i know my movie soundtracks i own at least 1 000 of them , this one of of the few that will stand as an example to all of them . never before has there been an artist like javier navarrete composer of the album . his vision and craft was so on target i didn not even realize it as song after song , the whole album is one incredibly stable piece of architecture . i wish all soundtracks were like this , sadly to say there not , if your looking at buying this album , do it ! timeless classic
2			characters	great	book	amazing			what an excellent read . this book is so amazing . this is one of the most entertaining books i have read . the characters are great . janet finch does an excellent job with description of characters . this book will make you feel the characters emotions .
2			cookbook	new	recipes	great	recipe	good	counties	original	ones	new	it	worth			love everything about food loves this cookbook . any time you get a new cookbook you just don not know if it's worth what you paid . i figure if there is only one really good recipe included , it's worth the price . i bought this book , originally in 1997 just because i knew michele anna jordan . well , i for sure got my monies worth and then some . and , you don not have to live in california to enjoy this cookbook . i have my favorites like marshall house potato salad , roasted asparagus it's so easy and i have made it so many times i don not even look at the recipe , green beans and shallots and apricot chutney , just to name a addition to all of the great recipes i m still trying new ones , michelle includes a history of california and the original 27 counties , profiles of farmers and their products and lots of little interesting food related stories . if you enjoy reading cookbooks , you are going to love this one .
2			movie	great	acting	fine			men before the mast ! this is a great sea faring movie , based on the royal navy , when discipline was on the moment and tougher than any man could accept . in those days most sailors were blackbirded , that is given a drugged drink , and woke to find themselves so far from home there was no way to get back . discipline included the lash many salt rubbed into the wounds keel hauling , and given long periods on watch in the crows nest , watching for land to appear . food was mostly rotten and living quarters were unhygenic , cramped , wet and infested with officers thought it best to subject the men to rigorous rules of conduct , but rebellion and mutiny were never far below the surface . the acting is fine from everyone involved . life on a sailing ship is well portrayed , and the action at sea is terrifying .
2			help	great			books . this book was a great help . had no idea we could use 2 letter words like long as it is scrabble approved .
2			performances	creative	jones	legendary	dru	awesome	strings	sappy	helen	finest	bands	big	prime	musical			helen's finest . simply put , miss forrest was in her musical prime here , backed by an amazing jazz trio featuring legendary pianist hank jones . fine performances and helen sounds 30 years younger then she was on these exciting and creative performances . it isd refreshing to hear her sing these songs without the overbearing annoying big bands , and the sappy strings , just helen her emotion filled voiuce and piano , bass and dru ms awesome ! ! ! ! !
1			mst	great no	it	decent			i m confused . if the product is brain that wouldn not die / amazin why is there a cover for chained heat 3 hell mountain ? anyway , as for the movie brain that wouldn not die , it's not even a particularly great mst 3 episode well , it's decent , let alone movie . never saw amazin .
1			film	worst	story	basic	we	proud	effects	poor	product	final	actors	good	read	good			poor effects and lamentable editing sink it ; cgi restoration . the script for this third sequel is actually a good read , and imagining how it could have looked while reading it makes one cringe when seeing the final product . according to jon cryer lenny luthor , the film was released before post production even really was underway , so it's no wonder that the effects are so terrible . they aren not finished ! they are in the film exactly as they looked on the sets , which is very fake even star wars and raiders would have looked phony if the post production work was never completed . a cgi restoration would literally work a miracle . it would turn the worst film in the series into at least the third best , and if visually stunning , maybe the best doubtful , but who knows . the actors are all good , and the basic story is clever . c mon , warners , do a cgi restoration , and salvage this film ! give us a farewell to the christopher reeve series that we can be proud of , rather than one that makes us cringe !
1			quality	poor	product	good	grill	large	thing	greatest	clean	easy			poor quality . i received a large forman grill last christmas . i thought it was the greatest thing i had ever used . within two months it was siting on my counter unused and just taking up space . the finnish was gone and the product is usless . it is almost impossible to clean after the finnish wears off . after only a few months of use it doesn not seem to be a very good product if it loses the easy clean i could i would certainly return the product but i have no means of doing that as it was a gift .
2			it	worth	relationship	old	relationship	new	tool	great			sex diet . this cd set is a great tool for any couple wishing to inprove their relationship , whether the relationship is new or old this will at fire to your life . it is worth making the time to try this diet .
2			idea	great	bit	little	fan	huge	solos	great	beauty	true			a great idea , wonderfully executed . i bought this album being a huge metheny fan and it certainly lived up to my expectations . to be very honest , i was expecting something a little bit different , more in line with the stuff that metheny plays with his group and so it took me a little time to appreciate its true beauty . but , over the last 2 weeks , the album has really grown on me . nascente and sometimes i see are just superb , wonderfully arranged , and with great solos . metheny's note choice , on the whole , is exquisite as usual and so is brecker's and hancock's . james taylor also sings wonderfully on his two appearances lending a distinct charm to the album . i would highly recommend this work to everyone .
1			script	bad			terd of a movie . terd of a movie allot of the camera shot are blury and in the dark this movie is a brair witch affect do not waste your money cheezy , builds suspence on dark and sounds very bad script a five year old would not bew scared of this movie
1			i	disappointed	bible	new	letters	big	it	different	thing	good	i	happy	translation	poor	it	bad			la biblia latinoamericana . the only good thing about this bible it that have big letters , so it easier for the older to read . the wording it is really bad , the translation in spanish it is very different from all others bibles , it is a poor translation . i bought it a long time ago , and i was very dissapointed when i started reading it . i stop using it and bought the new american bible and i am very happy with the translation , easy to understand and accurated .
1			producers	legendary	star	big	pop	black	songs	worst	professional	safe			bad ii worse . the members of boyz ii men may seem like gentlemen and all , but they have released some of the dullest singles of the 1990 . safe , professional sounding black pop for the masses . sure , they can sing , but so what ? the music is a snooze . this collection gets the big one star mainly for one sweet day , one of the very worst songs ever recorded . not even legendary producers babyface and jam & lewis can conceal the boyz's blandness . i will make love to you and on bended knee are as predictable as christmas day . only on the single song for mama , do we get signs of life . while i can not call boyz ii men the worst r&b group ever , this hits collection is nothing more than an example of soul music without the soul .
2			songs	great	effort	good	one	good	rock	good	replacement	good	sounds	flat			good one from the band . this one clearly inspired 'spinal tap with it's cover but the music is good rock and that's a fact . it was a good effort and had a good lead guitarist replacement . it has some great songs on it too like when the lightening strikes and a few others and some more pedestrian rockers but it's not a stinker or even as flat as would one with mirrors sounds which is why that one is so average . this is a little above average , more like a three and a half , than a four star but so it sound stands up well though .
1			characteristics	bad	elements	negative			underachievers unite ! this show illustrates some of the more negative but potentially hilarious elements of humanity dishonesty , selfishness , greed , laziness , all the right ways ! it's always sunny takes these bad characteristics and exploits them for some seriously funny tv and i absolutely approve hey , it makes me feel like i m a really sweet and polite person . i wanted to know how danny divito got involved with this show , so i hit google and foundit's always sunny in philadelphia cast & creators live at paley . this disc gives you an excellent behind the scenes glimpse at producing the show ! during the panel discussion cast and crew talk about tackling the sinful subjects , which makes it a perfect compliment to this two season package .
1			book	worst			just bad . i have been in the computer business for 20 years and this ranks as the worst book i have ever bought . i wish i could say something positive about it , but can not think of anything .
2			performance	poor	performances	live	opinions	mixed	mic	great	john	ok	stevie	great	lindsey	great	work	poor	recording	good			poor production fair performance . the lighting , editing , and camera work for this video is poor . regardless , i watch live performances for the music . the sound recording was good , but i have mixed opinions about the performance . mic was great . lindsey and stevie were also great , but christie was unemotional kinda like a non chalet reporter . john was okay , but let's face it he's not much of a bass player .
2			evidence	credible	evidence	scientific	credibility	scientific	deal	great			alarmist fiction with zero scientific credibility . like his fellow alarmists such as ehrlich , gore emplys a great deal of demagoguery and scare tactics , with an almost negligible amount of credible scientific evidence to back it . if you have read this book or are planning to read it it , you should also read eco scam by ronald bailey to get a more accurate picture of the issue .
2			music	great			great music and allows you to skip songs you dont like . i wouldve paid the money to be at the concert . its all about old times in naturally its all about reminiscing about every hit for the band .
2			value	great			great value . t mobile is trrriiffccc ! reliable , and once you place a $ 100.00 amount on your account , there after you continue to get 15 more minutes and even putting $ 10.00 you minutes expire in 1 year .
2			movie	new	ball	great	asspect	great	job	difficult	part	bad	writers	best			david mamet shines again . david memet is one of the best writers of today . his movies are aften thought provocking the spanish prisoner and sometimes their just plan good the untouchables . his new movie , heist , takes every great asspect from all his movies and rolls them into a great and sharp looking ball of yarn . heist is set up like so gene hackman plays cool fire joe , delroy lindo portrays his longtime sidekick and danny devito plays the manipulative fence who saddles joe with one last , difficult job in this ensemble driven caper centered on an elaborate , split second snatching of gold ingots by joe and his that's all i m going to say about the story because the less you know the more apprictive you will be watching the plot for the bad part , the only thing that stinks about this movie is the bare bones dvd it comes on .
2			center	real	improvement	great	sound	hate			great sound improvement . this product made my ipod a real music center when conected to my nakamichi amp . i used to conect the ipod to the amp through the earphone connection and i hated the sound , but once i started conecting the ipod with the nyko stereo link , everything is a great sound improvement . a must !
1			beginner	good	tips	good	page	bad	pages	laughable	representation	terrible			how not to make a book . firstly , there are possibly 4 of these artists whom i would call masters of photoshop . judging by the tutorials , most don not know photoshop nearly as well as they claim . secondly , the book itself is a terrible representation of graphic and book design . practically every page has pixellation , and some pages are just laughable . if this is a book about the masters of photoshop , all of the images in it should at least be in the correct resolution . any photoshopper , or adobe cs enthusiast would know that . not to mention the bad page you are a beginner , good for you . buy this book . it will give you a few good tips and ideas . but if you are already heavily into the photoshop world , avoid this book . it will make you cringe .
2			songs	great	enchanted	great			love the movie , love the cd ! i thought that the movie ella enchanted was great , and i love the cd ! so many great songs ! you should see the movie , then directly get the soundtrack ! the movie and the soundtrack are alot of fun ! !
2			support	extra	shoes	separate	feel	great			keep sliding forward . these inserts feel great until they begin sliding forward in my shoe as i walk and bunching up underneath my toes . tried them in 2 separate shoes and they keep sliding forwa rd box says unconditional guarantee , but can not get a hold of anyone at customer service to complain . sticking with my dr scholl's extra support .
2			song	great	it	great	i	excited			check this out ! i accidentally ran across this cd and it is great ! i am really excited to find something like this especially since i had never heard of love riot before . so beautiful is a great song and the music rocks .
1			it	useful	webster	next	choice	poor			poor choice ! this is a poor choice for any concievable use . i have found it to lack appropriate translations and gives no aid in specifics of pronunciation . it is very minimalist , and seldom useful . i am going to try the webster's next .
2			dvd	defective	buyers	potential	planet	fantastic	discs	separate			beware dvd will not play on most us machines . a warning to all potential buyers of this edition of fantastic planet . i received two copies of this edition , and neither would play properly on my dvd player , nor two players i tried at my friends houses . the movie would play , but would freeze and jump every few seconds . the extras would not play at all . and again , this happened with two separate discs and on multiple players . unless you are content to play this on a computer , do not buy this disc , as you will most likely have proble ms shame on amazon will selling what is , in effect , a defective dvd . buyer beware !
2			reduction	outstanding	boomy	little	idea	great	buy	good	they	comfortable	quality	excellent			excellent . the sound quality is excellent for music but a little boomy for tv or movies . the ambient noise reduction is outstanding . just putting them on is like 30 b earplugs . they are so comfortable i forget i m wearing them . the long cord can be wound up on the reel what a great idea to whatever length is convenient . better to have too much than too little . all in all a good buy .
2			product	good	job	great	condition	great	i	pleased			great job ! i love euphoria by calvin klein been wearing it for a year . i knew the product was good but i am very pleased with the shipping and handling ! ! ! it arrived in great condition and very quickly . i will purchase again . thank you so much !
1			copy	bad	copy	good			bad copy . this cd was listed as a very good copy but had several scratches and stuck many times while viewing . very bad copy !
2			gift	great			a great gift . my husband really liked this ebook that i purchased for him . he had wanted a better understanding of jesus and his life from a perspective that didn not come off as preaching to him . this book achieved that .
2			purchases	awesome			satisfaction , guaranteed . . was totally satisfied with my purchase . broke my phone co rd went online , straight to amazon of course . all purchases prior to this one , were awesome . ordered my headset , was told that i would recieve my purchase on one day , it actually came earlier then date given . now how cool is that . will never go anywhere else . love you amazon .
1			show	worst			k street ? i would never heard of this before so i thought i would take a chance and buy it it turned out to be a waste of money . this is the worst show i have ever not watched . give me a break pure garbage . it should have been titled dirt street . peace .
2			scenes	worth	plot	reminiscent	looked	great	vintage	similar	part	similar			something less than gone with the wind . this movie was made in the 1960 and it shows . though intended as a comedy , the first half of the movie isn not especially funny . only the auto chase scenes at the end are worth seeing and , at that , tend to be rather frivolous . however , as always natalie wood looked great and tony curtis was very at home in his part which was similar in style to several of his other roles . the plot is faintly reminiscent of a doris day / rock hudson movie of similar vintage .
2			soundtracks	old	release	great	tunes	innovative			eclectic sounds to stimulate the mind . the sound of brazilian drums , old movie soundtracks and the innovative tunes of electronica make of this album another great release by daedelus . it doesn not take too long to get lost into another world and get inmersed in a universe where the sun never goes down , summer is the eternal season and california becomes the synonym of paradise . as the music goes on your ears will end up addicted to every single chime , drum , and any other enigmatic noise thrown into this already unique masterpiece . sunscreen anyone ?
1			seems	dark	camera	horrible	photos	good	pictures	horrible	pictures	clear	quality	worst	pictures	good			this has the worst picture quality ever . who would ever thought that i would get such a horrible camera ! i cant belive i forgot the basics that whenever i get any camera , always get one with a flash w / good clear pictures . this camera gives u one of the most horrible pictures if ur in a lighted room , and it still seems dark . also as a webcam its extremly dark like im not ever there , its ok when taking pictures outside when its sunny , but outside and no sun means no good decent photos . plz dont make the same mistake i made and get this most horrible camera ever
2			book	small	book	little	book	great			a great little book . i love this little book . i only wish mr machiavelli had written more much more . one word says it all hone st this book tells it like it is . not for the politically correct , but for those who appreciate an honest take on politics and government . if you love books that say it like it is , no matter the politics , then you will likely enjoy this small book . amazingly refreshing for 1530 ad . like i said above , i only wish mr machiavelli had written more .
1			material	additional	edition	poor	print	poor	dune	available	use	poor	movie	visual			a poor use of dvd ; a poor print of a primarily visual movie . the dvd edition of dune was poor , even if compared to vhs . the video should have been cleaned up , the audio is not dolby 5.1 and the additional material is superficial . also , there is no addition of unused footage despite the many versions of the movie dune available on laserdisk .
2			pictures	great	book	great	neice	old			great pictures . i got this for my neice for christmasand when i saw the pictures i fell in love with it ! i have to say my 5 year old neice is a dog lover to the max ! and there for i think thats why she didn not get into it as much as another book i got called widget about a dog . that sayed i think it will continue to grow on her like it has already been as her interest in books grows . great book for adults as well as kids ! i also love the museum art in the book .
2			line	usual no	something	new	issues	sexual	series	great			six feet under second season . this is a great series with an unusual story line . i like the characters and the development of the story lines something new each time . the show is not afraid to really address issues that most shows will try to skirt around like homosexuality and dealing with sexual issues for people of all ages .
2			book	fantastic	vittorio	new			mesmorizing . anne rice's new book vittorio the vampire is absolutely mesmorizing . i enjoyed it from start to finish . from the vivid detail of filipo lippo's paintings to the passion of vittorio's and ursula's romance , this book was absolutely fantastic . anne rice is certainly at the top of my reading li st
1			codependency	bad			heart wrenching . melody carlson was able to put me in the shoes of the one who loves the addict . i felt her pain , frustration , indecision , guilt and need to help . codependency is almost as bad as being dependent . thank you melody for sharing a truly amazing and moving story . a must read for any mother of an addict .
2			americans	famous	ones	previous	country	great	questions	informative			my granddaughter loves these books . sacagawea was the latest book my granddaughter requested from the childhood of famous americans . she has at least twelve , loves them and enjoys asking us informative questions . how much better does it get having fun learning about the history of our great country ? this 5 star rating is based on feedback from previous ones i haven not seen her lately .
2			i	wrong	store	local	deal	great	shampoos	best	basis	good	part	best	anything	special			a salon product without a salon price . this shampoo is a staple in our house now . we found this quite by accident one day at a local store and it sat unused until we need another bottle . when we did use it i was shocked that no one had told us how great this product is ! we have used many drugstore brands as well as salon brands in the past so we have a good basis to compare it to . when we first picked up a bottle i wasn not thinking it would be anything special but i was so wrong . this is like a vacation for your hair ! it does not weigh hair down and it has a wonderful scent . the best part is it does strength hair and it removes frizz while leaving hair soft shiny and full of bounce and body . amazon has a great deal on it here and you can find the larger bottles so we just stocked up you want one of the best shampoos out there then give this a try .
2			novel	great	storyline	romantic	storyline	sappy			mystery and suspense . cry wolf is a great suspense novel , and one of my favorite hoag books . the characters are colorful , the killer was somewhat of a surprise and the last pages of the book are impossible to put down . the romantic storyline was a little too sappy otherwise this book is a terrific read .
2			crib	solid	crib	sturdy	crib	great			solid crib . i think this is a great crib which is very sturdy . the only thing i don not like about it is that your child can put teeth marks on it .
2			look	great	quality	great	deal	great	price	great			great deal ! my husband loves his callaway polo shirts . i should have bought more . great price , great quality , great look !
2			it	fresh no	thing	bad no	york	new			disappointing . i agree with the reader from new york . i read lucky a couple weeks ago , so it's not fresh in my mind , but the fact is , i really didn not learn much from it . sebold talks plenty about her own life and her family , but the reader sees very little of her recovery process . the book is ultimately not so much about rape as it is about the author . this is not a bad thing in that it indicates that sebold does not let the rape define her , but i think the book would be a much stronger piece of work if the author had made more of an effort to put her rape into a greater context and provided more perspective . given that there are other memoirs by rape survivors out there , sebold just doesn not give us enough reason to read hers . nancy venable raine and patricia weaver francisco both do much better .
2			book	great			great book ! dawn of a thousand nights is extremely well written and kept me wanting to go back to it . i love how ms goyer threaded scripture and the message of god's grace throughout the story .
2			help	great	level	low	interest	high	level	great			hi interest low level reading workbook . great help for adults with mental challanges . high interest / low level would be great to have more available to purchase .
1			track	bad	favorites	personal	songs	terrific	country	proud	albums	best			ray does country proud . this was one of the very first collaboration records long before they became a fad . on this record , ray charles demonstrates why he was one of a kind as he seamlessly moves into the country genre with an album fullof duets the one with the oak ridge boys being the exception . the songs are terrific and ray's terrific singing voice helps raise the bar for everyone else on the reco rd my personal favorites are the tracks with hank williams , jr . george jones , and b . j . thomas , although there's no a bad track here . in fact , most are standoutsand the record as a whole ranks as one of the best country albums i own .
1			they	great no			not great . i picked up this album simply because it was a sequel to the first zen cd . if i had to use two words to describe this set they would be not great . the first cd in the set starts out with some semi decent drum and bass but quickly degenerates into , well , i don not know what . it's sort of like a lame trance album that's trying to double as a soundtrack for an 80 s movie . i really couldn not get into it . stick with the first album .
1			recordings	finest	quality	poor	release	available	it	bad			poor sound quality better to get the yazoo release 1928 sessions . mississippi john hurt was an amazing folk musician and these are some of his finest recordings . it's too bad that columbia decided to use sonic solutions no noise processing on this release . thankfully a much better release of the same material is available from yazoo titled the 1928 sessions . the difference is between the two releases is so extreme it staggers the imagination how columbia could have released this cd sounding so poorly .
2			i	disappointed	i	anxious	story	sappy	plot	predictable	romance	great			i was very disappointed . i was so anxious to read this book after reading the book jacket and seeing the movie trailers . it really looked like a tear jerking romance ! however , what had the potential of a great romance turned out to be a sappy love story with shallow , immature characters and a predictable plot . i never shed a single tear and in fact my skin was crawling with distaste by the time i finished the book .
2			i	comfortable	bags	great			can not beat the price for this quality ! these bags are great ! they aren not the lightest ones out there but if you aren not backpacking with them . i couldn not think of a more perfect product ! i reccived two of these bags for a camping trip in the colorado mountains . having them able to zip together was a fun feature and actually pretty convienient ! the body heat insulated between my wife and i was very comfortable .
2			series	great			desparately waiting ! i have been waiting not so patiently since these books came out for 3 the people in gladney's books are so real , i need to find out what happened to them . the author made them live . she should try speilberg for backing the books would make a great series i hope of movies , with jackie chan as naga teot .
1			music	live	pictures	amazing	functions	easy	sound	bad	functions	different			if i could marry a camera . . it would be this one . hahaha . it is the love of my life . it takes amazing pictures and videos . its easy to use once you get the hang of the buttons and different functions and it can get kicked around , dropped , wet and crushed without having a problem . the only reason i didn not give it 5 stars is because the sound on the videos can be bad sometimes . mainly if you are trying to record live music at concerts . but the pictures for concerts are amazing .
1			textbook	worst	subjects	important	book	confusing			shame on the mackworth and poole . i was a student of dr poole's one of the co authors at the university of british columbia and was forced to use this textbook for two semesters . it is without doubt the worst textbook on any subject in computer science that i have ever read . the book is extremely vague and confusing on many important subjects . the book also uses unnecessarily complex wording to describe simple concepts . at some times it is much like reading code .
1			workmanship	poor	panti	open	fleece	classic	product	worst			shoddy workmanship . champion men's double dry classic fleece open bottom panti can not believe the poor workmanship on these pants . 1 t the seam on the right leg is sewn crooked , 2 d the pocket on the left side is sewn to the back waist band , making it impossible to put your hand into it . since i no longer have the invoice , i guess i m out of luck in trying to return it . worst product i have ever gotten from amazon !
2			concepts	technical	job	great	i	impressed	i	sorry			had me rolling with laughter . really ? book was recommended by the smart folks who produce the podcast stuff to blow the mind . i bought it to read during a trip to las vegas . i go each year to play in the world series of poker . this book was so good i actually opted to stay in my hotel room and read rather than go out on the strip and hit the i did this more than one night ! dawkins writes beautifully and does a great job of explaining even the most technical concepts to the reader . i was even more impressed with his dry wit which had me laughing to myself on the plane and in the hotel room . i was just sorry it had to end . when i got home i ordered another of his books , the magic of reality . i would recommend them both .
1			movie	worst	it	disappointing	politics	french	film	good	it	bad	it	worth no	i	concerned	universities	modern			shamefully bad . this is the worst movie that was ever made . i would rather move to paris and hang out in cafes debating french politics than watch this movie again . it is so bad that it's not worth watching just out of a sense of morbid curiosity it is disappointing from every angle . in this case the word bad means world class egregious waste of otherwise perfectly good blank film . i can not even force myself to describe the movie , it's not worth the effort . i don not like thinking about the movie as i write this . what i m really concerned about are the people here who somehow found any kind of entertainment value from this movie . are they nuts , or just the products of our modern , mindless universities ? someone needs to tell them it's time for their medicine and to stay off the internet .
2			fun	great	piece	big	it	big	it	fun	caution	careful	bridge	perfect	it	easy			great fun ! yes , this piece is big , and yes , it can be challenging to incorporate it on a tabletop layout . however , i can do it pretty easily , and my daughter's favorite play time is when i play , too . for us , this bridge is perfect ! i like the challenge of creating layouts ; she loves to run her trains up , over , around , and through . i highly recommend it , though one caution is to be careful not to push too hard on the center connector . there's a thin somewhat floppy material which supports the track and i think it might crack if played with too roughly ; i do think it would be easy to fix that part if it were to daughter loves this bridge and we highly recommend it . it's big , but it's fun !
2			diversity	great	image	new	profession	historical			frederick ii a medieval emperor . in spite of his erudite mastery of a great diversity of detail in this study , mr abulafia succumbs to the tendency of certain historians today to be first and foremost , a revisionist . at times an iconoclastic need to remake his subject in a new image overshadows his otherwise constructive insights ; leading one to wonder if perhaps the presentation of conclusions that overturn previously held conceptions has not become too much of an end in itself , and certainly a way to establish one's reputation in the historical profession !
2			adjectives	great	boys	little	stories	gross	rhyme	great	forms	various	book	great			very funny ! this book is great for those little boys or girls that like gross stories . the story , told in a great rhyme , is about a man who eats only cheese in various icky forms , with great adjectives describing the cheeses .
2			relief	great	arrangements	direct			an absolutely unique experience ! my vinyl copy of legrand jazz bought in 1961 is a much worn and treasured audio treat . the availability of the same on cd was a great relief . in the 50 years i have been seriously listening to music i keep returning to this brilliant and unique collection . there is just nothing else like it for comparison . the tune selection covers the spectrum of jazz styles from fats waller to john lewis . the muscians were all obviously selected for their individualistic solo styles and yet they blend into wonderful ensembles thanks to legrand's quirky and surprising arrangments . the arrangements are complex but direct and the musicians enthusiasm for the material is obvious . nobody was sleep walking at these sessions . some of the combinations are genius . nuages has a trombone choir with one of ben webster's breathy solos . django has miles in front of vibes and a harp . this is serious music that shows the possibilities of jazz in the right hands .
2			deck	bad no	lvls	high	starter	good			good starter i guess . filled with wacky cards the pegagus deck is not bad for startersyou would love toon world and toon dragon but personally i would get a more destructive deck filled with high attack lvls and tonnes of magic cards and traps .
2			buy	fantastic			i m a non believer , and i still found this book thought provoking and a fantastic buy . for the leather bound addition . perfect binding , sexy , sleek edition . not too small , not too larger . the story of jesus read like a novel , great . the teachings of history and philosophy , relevant to secularist and theological types . the book reminded me of jesus the christ by james talmage and his novel of jesus life within the mormon view of intrigue .
2			life	like	book	great			this book was great book to read and learn from . i really enjoy everything about it . i wish authors went to australia to see what a womens life is like there . thank recommended the material world a global family portait around the world
2			selection	great			my favorite artist . great selection . thanks for notifying me . of course i will order this dvd right away .
2			way	great	cheese	next			one hour to understand change . this was one of the best hours i have ever spent , reading who moved my cheese ? too often today , we wait for others or the situation to change rather than seeking a path that will lead us to a better soltution or result . we waste time waiting , heehawing or becoming frustrated with life's situation . this book taught me to accept it and get on with you haven not read it , it only takes about an hour . and it is a great and simple way to understand change . but most important , it is a great way to accept it and find out where is the next cheese .
2			era	different	funk	grand	compilation	great	band	great			grand funk love note . great compilation , by a great band from a different era . stands up to the test of time , and a worthy add to the rotation .
1			acting	bad	confession	emotional	casting	poor	plot	weak	scenes	powerful			worth seeing only once . it's all been said before this movie suffers from a confusing and weak plot , poor casting , some really bad acting , and . worst of all . a guy getting it on with his cousin yuck . there are a handful of powerful scenes , such as michael corleone's emotional confession to the future pope john paul i , and his reaction to his daughter's death , but all in all , it's almost a parody of the first two godfather fil ms
2			book	ok	book	bad no			nc book . this book is ok . there is to much info on the actors she has worked w / and not enough about her . i also would love if there were more info on her brother christian . all in all it isn not a bad book . some miss information but all in all an ok book . if your a neve campbell fan you will enjoy it . go buy it now .
2			value	great	people	different			4 out of 4 sed by 4 different people broke within 3 months , all in the same place . thinking they are a great value , i bought 2 of these to give as christmas gifts to people at work , and a colleague did the same thing . in all respects , these were just average , a bit heavy and warm , but well worth the money at fir st however , all 4 had the cord break at the right earpiece within 2 -3 months . as they are used by different people , some of which are very careful with their stuff , this is not because they are handled roughly . they were , however , used for several hours 5 days a week .
2			you	sorry	product	great	fashion	old			old fashion works . this thing works period . its been around for all these years for a reason . use your head and don not over do it the first time you will be sorry . great product !
1			customer	poor	i	disappointed			poor customer support . i m very disappointed in hewlett packard as a company . my printer arrived missing parts december 24 h . i have called hp tech 3 times and was assured they would send the part right out to me . it's now january 25 h and i still haven not received anything . in my opinion there are too many other manufactures who want my business , i don not need to deal with this kind of customer support .
1			thing	bad	stuff	terrible	things	worst			terrible stuff . it's one of the worst things i have ever read or seen . i used to be a fan of top cow trade paperbacks but this thing is unforgiveably bad . try some other comics like sin city , you would be better off .
2			album	awesome	they	nice	album	new			sister hazel awesome . hey everyone . i recommended sister hazel as one of todays best bands . i have always listened and loved sister hazel sonce their first out of 3 cds . ive been to their concerts and met them once . they are so nice and down to earth . there arent many cds that i absolutley love but the new fortress album is awesome . it is always in my car in in my cd player at home . sample songs from this website or you can go to the sister hazel website and find out more info latergators katieeee
2			setup	easy	tv	direct	remote	great	button	easy			handles everything i own , and many that i want to . great remote . easy setup , and customization . plugs in by usb , guides you through setup , easy help button on remote assists in troubleshooting . all in all a great remote , my wife loves it too , that says alot . for my applications , the remote handles my dvd , directtv / tivo , tv , nad reciever , and xbox 360 one button turns everything off , very convienant . example when i push the lcd button for play tivo the remote turns on my reciever , then the tv , then the direct tv , switches the reciever to sattalite , switches the tv to composite 1 and there it is . the remote figures out the timing of each action too . anyway , awesome , love it , cant live without it .
1			audio	bad			very disatisfied . was unable to see the film . it was jumping so m uch and the audio was very bad . unfotunately i had to throw it out
1			memory	bad			bad memory . the product is faulty and causing blue screen to my laptop soon after i install it to my hp pavilion laptop .
2			bouncer	different	seem	interested	things	best	bouncer	great			great bouncer . i am a first time mother and when i was registering for gifts i really did not know what to register for what the baby would like . i had a different bouncer on my registry and the baby didn not seem interested in it . after two weeks i returned the bouncer and purchased ocean wonders . it's one of the best things i purchased for the baby . it keeps my baby entertained for awhile and i can get some chores done or have a quick bit to eat . there are two parts to the bouncer . the top part is for the fish , lights & music which automatically turns off after 15 minutes . the vibrator is the bottom half and has its own on / off switch . my only suggestion is that the vibrator automatically turn off after 15 minutes slowly . my baby falls asleep in the bouncer and when i shut off the vibrator she usually wakes up . if the vibrator slows down and then shuts off it might keep her sleeping .
2			movie	bad no			not a bad movie . i am like other reviewers who cannot see why this film wasn not liked . what this film is about is a terrific thing . don not read any more reviews . just see it .
2			character	main	readers	average	story	good	story	readable	satisfaction	great	literature	accessible			not just for the literati . carson has written a work of literature that is accessible by just about anyone , no mean feat considering the poetry she uses to tell the story . those who are classicists can get great satisfaction from the originality of the manner in which the story is told , as well as from analyzing the choices carson makes in her re write of geryoneis . yet average readers can enjoy this book as well . its story is quite readable , and the story and the main character , geryon , are strangely moving , such that you really want to keep turning the pages to see what happens to geryon . so , whether you want to study this wonderful piece of literature , or just enjoy a good story , you are in excellent hands with this carson book .
1			actions	poor	mystery	good	development	strong	plot	intriguing			good , mystery with strong character development . this was a good , mystery with a sad , lead character development . while the plot is intriguing and capturing , the writer uses sub plots which are part of the downside of our social times such as obsessive compulsive disorder and poor parental actions .
2			tour	historical	doses	regular	books	previous	people	new	battle	great			asleep at the watch . immerse yourself once again in the seafaring adventures of captain jack aubrey and his ship's surgeon stephen maturin as they roam the almost unexplored oceans of the early 17 h century , and participate in the bittersweet liberation of chile . the 85 year old o brian's flawless dialogue and meticulous attention to detail makes this book like the rest of the series a historical tour de force . unfortunately after 20 previous books , aubrey and maturin have few surprises left , and hundreds of pages filled with the impenetrable politics and minutia of daily naval life may be as stupefying as dr maturin's regular doses of laudanum and hellebore for readers unaware that a great naval battle invariably lurks in the closing pages . o brian addicts will welcome another chance to visit their favorite characters , but people new to o brian should visit the earlier , fresher books of the series say the far side of the world . auralgo
2			builder	great	product	great			thinkfun zingo . great product ! great vocabulary builder and fun for kids young and older . i bought it to play with my 3 year old and he loves it .
2			ideas	great	eating	healthy	price	good	itself	ok	cookbook	ok	school	high			another cookbook . delivery very fa st good price . the cookbook itself is ok for our liking . more than just a cookbook with lots of tips for healthy eating and time savers . although lots of great ideas , not sure how many of the meals i will actually make because of my food restrictions as well . bought mostly for my high school daughter and like the snack suggestions .
2			book	great			instant gratification can not appreciate it . the wheel of time series is , without a doubt , incredable . if some individuals feel the series is longwinded fine , but don not bring a great book down because you want continual action continually . mr jordan taking to long with series ? yes . series still vivid and entertaining ? yes . if you don not want to read then i suggest you go somewhere else . if you want an incredable series , this is what you want .
2			wire	nice	gauge	large	quality	great	strength	high			wow ! great quality and it meets code ! this is some very nice speaker wire . large gauge , twisted pair , and double insulated . very nice . it's columnar strength is pretty high because it's double insulated , which makes it easier to push through a wall or opening .
2			south	good	south	old	disc	great			great disc . anyone from the good old south should know this album and enjoy it . i first listened to i while in college and it rocks ! takes me back to those days
2			books	difficult	character	great	premiss	good			oh man . the premiss of this story is good . it could have taken what could have been a great character to develope into other stories but dropped the ball too often for this reader . one of the most difficult books to finish i hae ever read .
2			dvd	available	video	great	one	different	version	original	personality	great	voices	great			not the vhs version . i had purchased the vhs version of this show some years ago . it is a great video . jack perkins has one of those great booming baritone voices for doing voice over work and a great personality to go along with it . when i saw that a dvd of the show was available , i bought it . within minutes of playing it , i discovered that this dvd version is not simply the vhs version on dvd but an entirely different one . so if you are thinking that this dvd is just a remastered version of the original vhs version , be forewarned . i can not speak highly enough of the original vhs version . absolutely one of my favorite christmas videos .
1			everyone	bad	actress	best	everyone	mechanical			mediocore . i m sorry tyler , but i loved the storyline and i love you , but the acting was low budget and phony . everyone was bad and almost mechanical . the dialouge just didn not flow . jill was the best actress in the movie . i wish tyler would step it up a few notches .
2			words	dull	reviews	great			why all these great reviews ? you will be tempted . you will be tempted to read this series , if only because of the millions of glowing reviews it has gotten here . do not succumb . recite these words to yourself dull . boring . badly written . is this what passes for christian fiction these days ? what happened to cs lewis ? to graham greene ? to walker percy ? to dostoyevsky ? to kierkegaard ? my lord , we have sunk low . i think i will stick with secular fiction , and i believe jesus will you want to know what will happen in the end times , read revelation . it's that long part at the end of the bible .
2			it	large	sheath	low	model	open	size	regular	knife	great	tools	useful	thing	additional	sheath	small			great knife for a boat crewman . great knife from swiss army . it's a little large for the purpose probably the regular size would be better but it has really useful tools , included the serrated blade , which works best for line cutting . if swiss army ever comes out with the same knife in a flick open blade model , that is the only additional thing i would want ! after searching for a low volume sheath for it , i adapted a small flashlight sheath that didn not make this knofe even bulkier on my belt , as the other knife sheaths did .
2			surprise	great	rouge	hate	cast	entire	chicago	great	chicago	good	visuals	stunning	wasn	hate			the perfect movie musical . i hated moulin rouge and wasn not exactly excited to see chicago . what a great surprise it was that chicago was not only good , but great ! the visuals are stunning and flashy without being tacky and the singing talents of the entire cast is surprisingly top notch . with a quick pace and a wonderful collection of mostly egocentric characters , chicago is a can not miss example of what musicals are all about .
2			books	great	way	hard	professors	advanced			expects to much from the reader . not good for beginers . the book covers a lot of stuff at once it should be called learning to program the hard way dont recommend for beginners meaby just meaby for advanced professors . sorry my recommend it to learn from it as fist vb book and by the way the author has a lot of great books the first one i think was better
2			film	great			painless way to learn the painful truth . great film that tells us what we need to know about the mess our food supply is in . and how to get out .
1			road	low	taste	bad	judgment	poor			sirannon 2 . hbo took the low road . i am on book four of the sookie stackhouse series . i hadn not seen the series and bought season one to get a visual on the characters . for the most part i liked sookie , bill and sam . i knew it was hbo with vampires and i clearly wasn not expecting father knows best . my complaint is the far too excessive profanity and the bad taste could have been an excellent opportunity to build on charlane harris books just once again showed hollywood's poor judgment . by episode three or four i was fastforwarding through scenes . toward the end of the series it was being somewhat toned down compared to the beginning . disappointed with the writing not anna paquin , stephen moyer and sam trammell ,
2			steel	heavy	knife	great			its what you need . its a great knife super thick and heavy steel . in my book its better to have a heavier knife . it alright in sharpness but the grip feels mighty and it sounds awesome to say i have a smith & wessen homeland security tanto and they won not know if your talking about a gun or a
2			cast	awesome	movies	best	film	great			great film . the movie is hilarious and the cast is awesome . probably one of john cusacks best movies .
2			fantasy	great	heroine	likeable	book	great	heroine	smart			addictive read . this is a great book ! i have personally made it my mission to make sure everyone i know who loves great fantasy gets their hands on this book . it features a strong , well characterized , and likeable heroine who is ridiculously smart and resourceful and displays an intriguing mix of compassion and ruthlessness that makes you root for her from the very first sentance . i won not bother summarizing the plot , as you can read it above in the editors review , but i will say that you will not be able to put this book down , so clear your schedule , sit back , relax , and enjoy !
1			line	positive	they	expensive	tests	bad	positive	false	line	false			thin line false positive . i have ordered two batches of these tests now , and both of them contain tests that show a thin positive line within seconds of the pee hitting it . looks like a legit positive , but after three months in a row and 5 bad tests out of 50 of this , i m done . i m going back to tests from early pregnancy tests . they are more expensive , but i have never gotten a false positive with them .
2			reviews	right	remover	great	pores	open			great hair remover . this is my first and i love it . i will admit that the reviews before about the pain were right . i have come up with a tip though the instructions state to use the epilator after a shower when the pores are more open well , i decided that using a heating pad on the area should work pretty good . it did ! on the areas i don not use the heat pad i can not stand to use the epilator , but on the areas of the heat pad , what a difference . i can tolerate it . i was tempted to put the epilator away and never use it again because it did hurt so much . but not anymore . give it a try .
2			movie	old	classic	great	quality	awesome	classic	true	track	nice			great classic on a superb disc . this movie is a true classic and now it`s here on hd dvd ! ! the image quality is awesome for such a old movie and also the audio track is very nice . to bad this is just the standard version and not the director`s cut , but i`m not complaining , i`m glad they released this in on hd dvd ! ! if you like these kind of sci fi classics you wont be dissapointed by this one . now bring on the origenal star wars trilogy in hd
2			effort	next	it	good	page	next	literature	great			perfect read on vacation novel . the plot and multiple coincidences are a little far fetched . but , baldacci does a fine job of spinning a fast paced , interesting story that keeps the reader wanting to know what's on the next page . not great literature , but it was good , entertaining reading . the perfect companion on a long trip or a visit to the relatives . i m looking forward to reading his next effort . the book is far better than the movie , which was taken from the book but cut several subplots and added some `dirty harry scenes for clint eastwood no mystery who the director was
1			thrill	big no	it	worth	album	worst	edition	special			don not let yourselves be fooled by this one ! i have had this cd since 1997 specially dedicated by robbie himself . i actually got this special edition because i really like most of the things he has done , but in fact , i never listen to vintage . why ? well , this is a sort of demo tape . the recordings are from 1983 except track 5 which is from 1974 and all were preserved on acetate . for some reason , robbie decided to release this on cd . actually , the first four tracks merely exceed 3 minutes , and are not a big thrill . she loves my car can also be found on bobby caldwell's worst album august moon . overall , it is only worth it if you are more than a fanatic of robbie dupree . considering the price asked for this , my advise is that you invest your money in other albums from robbie dupree the self titled one , walking on water , smoke and mirrors , or street corner heroes . the first three exist in cd . i have them . and they are five stars , trust me !
2			season	great			great season 8 smallville . hi , just would like to say i loved season 8 and can not wait for season 9 wish it would never emsliesouth africa .
2			we	happy	owner	happy	coffee	hot	coffee	great			happy owner . purchased for my husband's medical school graduation and we have been very happy with it . we have found that the coffee is still quite hot 2 -3 hours after brewing and have no problems with pours or spills even when using in a rush at 4 30 m every morning . great coffee no complaints .
2			druggy	great	it	great			it's histerical ! half baked is one of the funniest movies of this decade . jim breuer , from snl , is a great druggy . it's great if you like dirty comedies .
2			reviews	right	adventure	real	story	great			great story poorly told . unfortunately , the other 1 star reviews are right on the fictionalized account of a real adventure is poorly spun and the long way home by ed dover instead .
2			twists	great	book	wonderful			action packed ! this book was wonderful . it contains some of the characters you have grown to love but was very suspenseful and full of great twists and turns .
2			ladder	great	platform	stable	ground	soft			great ladder ! great ladder . i dropper one star because of the weight . aside from that you will not find a better made , more stable platform to work from . inside weight is not a problem , but outside in soft ground it can be a handful to move around . i have never felt safer than on this ladder . kinda expensive , but you get your moneys worth .
2			sheets	awesome	they	soft	they	beautiful	value	great			excellent value ! these sheets are awesome ! they are beautiful , soft , and fit well . they are a great value . they are not permanent press , though , and may require some light ironing .
2			earbuds	new	earbuds	old	value	good	music	hard	value	great			good value for the money . great value for the money . i was using old ipod earbuds with an android phone . music was often hard to hear in noisy environments . these new earbuds do a very decent job of blocking out background noise .
2			color	great	sound	superior	level	low	quality	high			dvd digital video distortion . this is the first dvd i purchased after buying my dvd player . i almost returned my dvd player because i thought that all dvds were going to have the same compression artifacts and pixelation that this copy has . i wish i would have found all the opinions posted here before i purchased this dvd . i probably would not have bought it . one thing good to say about it though . the color is great and the sound although recorded at a low level is superior to the video tape version only a slight hiss . i agree , with other reviews here . this should be recalled and replaced with a version worthy of the supposed high quality thx certification . by the way , as movies go , this is one of my cult favorites .
2			it	annoying	it	fun	puzzle	great	challenge	different			fourth puz 3 d completed . great puzzle but i wish that they separated the two buildings it was annoying to sort which went to the chrysler building and which the empire state although i suppose it created a different challenge . overall it was fun to complete .
1			fingers	ok	look	bad	looks	ok			color is meh . this is a boring , almost flat pink . it looks okay after you put it on but within a day or two starts to look bad . i would definitely not use it on my toes again . fingers might be okay .
2			i	disappointed	ouvre	large	music	original	music	great	quality	fine	package	good	song	great	collection	greatest	peopleperhaps	happy	hits	best			good but missing too many classics . i went to college in the late 80 s and enjoyed the staple of r . e . m . releases . they reinvented rock alternative music combining great original music with witty scathing lyrics . since they did this for 15 years it would be impossible to put every great song on a single cd , still how can any best of be the end of the world as we know it and i feel fine radio songturn you inside outshiny happy peopleperhaps when a group has such a large ouvre of music it is impossoble to make an album with everyone's favorites , still even as i realize this , i am still disappointed . i will just have to make my own best hits on my sleeve is filled with interesting rem anecdotes about each song and the quality of the recordings is fine so over all its a good package and i recommend it , just don not expect an end all greatest hits collection .
1			readers	interested	it	interesting	amount	low	fat	bad	eating	healthy	diet	low no	studies	weak	points	good	science	strong	diet	low			may not be supported by science . the book offers good points on dieting and cardiac health , but the diet itself is not supported by strong science . a search of medline did not find the two studies cited in the book , or any other study of this diet . from what are indicated in the book , these two studies are rather weak scientifically . interested readers could find a comment published in the harvard health letter , 29 1 5 2003 november it would be interesting to see if this other publication has enough details point out the lack of science supporting the claims of this diet book . i have not have a chance to read this book does serve as a reminder that a diet consists of low amount of bad fat and lower calories by having sensible portions and restricting carbohydrate makes sense for healthy eating . looking at the recommended list of carbohydrate , the diet is recommending a low carbohydrate diet in contrary to the author's claim that it is not a low carbohydrate diet .
1			control	poor			poor quality control , construction . first one i bought , audio cable shorted out after a few months . purchased a replacement , that one had a snapped circuit board where read head is mounted . sent that back , bought another one , read head was misaligned and only played through right channel . overall , i would say this item has very poor quality control and cheap construction . would recommend looking elsewhere for a cassette adapter .
1			movie	bad	acting	poor	effects	special			pretty boring . like the rest of the reviews i found this movie pretty bad . maybe its because i have seen the orginal so much but the acting was so poor . its like they all new it was created for the special effects . its just a slow paced poor re make .
2			surprise	great	variation	nice	i	surprised			great surprise ! i was plesantly surprised that i enjoyed this cd as much as i did . i could have never picture myself listening to country music by this i mean no offense as it highly contrast the type of music i listen to on a daily basis . i love all the songs in carrie's cd without any exeption . there is a nice lyric variation to all the songs some are fun , others emotional , etc overall , i recommend anyone out there to buy this cd .
2			singer	great	number	great			nothing new here . it amazes me that people consider shania a great singer . good maybe great number however , if shania finds another songwriting partner / producer there may be hope for her . this album is a rehash of everything else she and mutt have done on their last 2 albums only the lyrics are even worse . the country and pop versions of each song is just a cheap attempt to dominate the music scene . if you want something refreshing and country buy shania's first album where she actually had to sing .
2			features	great	deal	great	quality	good			great deal . i needed a super sturdy , good quality iron for all of my work clothes . i am always in a hurry , so i love the fact that this iron heats up in 20 seconds or less . the steam features on it are great too . it's exactly what i needed for all of those suits , skirts , and blouses . two thumbs up .
2			cd	fantastic	sound	great			awesome . this is a fantastic cd ! ! if this is the type of music you like , you will play this cd nearly everyday and i bought it over 1 month ago . great sound .
1			decisions	poor	ethics	poor	decisions	bad	choices	poor			the noble singlemom steroetype . i wish hollywood would stop perpetuating this crap about the noble single mom forced to do what she has to do . basically people making poor decisions with there own life and then dragging there kids into the consequences of there poor life choices , and then compounding the bad decisions with piss poor ethics by getting involved in illegal what , where supposed to root for her ? as a victim of circumstances .
1			design	graphic	side	generous	book	bad	buy	good no			not a good buy . i don not think this book is quite as bad as the one star the first reviewer gave it , but the second reviewer must be kidding . five stars ? terrific graphic design ? fun to read ? i give it two stars , and that's being on the generous side . i would not recommend it .
2			vise	great			great vise . this has the expanded base so you can use it for heavier and larger objects and holds them with no problem . highly recommended .
2			fantasy	great	style	readable	note	final	parties	different	maneuverings	political	plot	great	me	interested	literature	great			great standalone fantasy . this was the first sanderson book that i read . i was immediately hooked in the first chapter of the book by the world building and interesting characters ; the mystery of the elantrians and the political maneuverings of the different parties kept me interested throughout the rest book . sanderson writes in a clean readable style without watering down his prose , he is truly the rising star of great fantasy literature . this book is not only for fans of fantasy but for anyone who enjoys great plot , pacing , characters , and adventure . as a final note , if you happen to read this you being brandon i am begging you to continue the story of elantris after the wheel is done .
2			types	different	book	great			great book . this book does an excellent job at covering all the aspects of playing and coaching tennis . he divides tennis into 3 parts the physical , the mental , and the emotional and he covers all three areas well . for example , he writes about your role when you play someone are you the underdog or the favorite he gives several other roles too ? he explains how to be comfortable with your role and how to excell in your role . he also writes about the different types of player personalities and how to best motivate them as a coach . i thought this book was just great .
2			cable	nice	cable	great	clarity	great	price	good	cable	solid	middle	great			great quality cable . this is a very solid nice thick cable . i use it to run a 24 gateway monitor , and it has great color clarity and response time . i play pc games and this cable has not let me down . i have been using this cable for over a year now and couldn not be happier with my purchase . belkin has always made a great quality middle of the road product for a good price , i recommend this cable to anyone not able to spring for monster cables .
2			i	awesome			awesome . this sub i awesome it hits pretty hard for being an eight . i have a 500 watt 2 channel crush amp it bridged and i running about 260 watts and you can feel it it my hardbody truck
2			listen	great	ms	good			classic . i have had many copies of this recording over the years and it continues to be a great listen everytime . i like to listen to this on my harley and cruise . good ja ms never gets old .
1			ms	proble	it	annoying	tape	bad			bad tape . the tape had tracking proble ms i realized it was a used tape . my fault i guess . i still watched it but it was annoying
2			logo	comfortable	size	great			great size and warm . this blanket had a neat a's logo , warm and comfortable , and was a great size for both length and width .
2			nano	easy	cover	great	case	hard	case	good	nano	new	cover	easy	cases	best	case	great			great simple case . this is one of the best cases i have found for my needs . i was looking for a hard protective case for my new nano that was easy to use and easy to take the nano out of so i can put it in my arm band for running . the click wheel cover is great and very easy to use . hard to put in dock cable or accessories and 3 d party headphones with this case on . all in all , a good case .
2			un	young	she	young	talent	superior	sequences	great	miss	original			i want to be alone . ever noticed how similar the two voices are garbo and arnold ? such missed fun if only this director introduced a smattering of humor like the opening chippendales section with our arnie and look alike ? not that we want the missed zucor brothers but it could have been such fun . right ? then there's the femme fatale except for the semi kama sutra gyration near the end with arnie nuffin much here . and the heroinne ? the original miss was replaced cause she was slightly too young miss danes {a superior talent wasted here wasts her time on this milque toast young un must add great chase sequences though the crane section but like the metallic miss it's all in the toilet from there on . stick to cameron's unsurpassed t 2 perfect missing linda h .
2			thing	great	indication	useful	performance	flawless			great for locking up stuff . my wife is an ex drug user so we use this to keep pills in . the keys stay hidden , and the five digit combination is more than sufficient . i don not know what anybody else wants locked up , but the great thing about this safe is that you can leave it in plain sight and easily access it without having to dig up a key . performance of the keypad is flawless , and the led fades when the battery runs low and needs replacing . this indication is especially useful because we use the safe every day
2			product	good	we	happy	service	great			great service , good product . i bought this for a christmas present for my video came quickly and we are happy with the service .
2			adult	average	them	healthy	snack	great			great snack without a zillion carbs . this is a tasty , but not too sweet snack to eat . it only has 7 net carbs per serving . most dried fruit snacks have entirely too many carbs to make them healthy for the average adult .
1			i	surprised	service	bad	i	wrong			order canceled contacted them twice never told why . i have ordered this product before from web vitamins without issue . suddenly , there was something wrong with my order information . i was surprised , as i have been a customer for quite some time and have not made any changes . i have always been satisfied with their products and service , so i expected a swift resolution , especially since amazon sent an email telling me that my order would be canceled if the problem wasn not fixed . i was wrong ! after 2 emails asking for clarification and no response , and then my order being canceled i am chalking this one up to bad customer service .
2			value	solid	shipping	free	price	great	value	great	instructions	poor	stand	solid	assembly	easy			great solid value . received in three days . well packed , great price , easy assembly , solid stand . as others have mentioned , the written instructions are poor but looking at the graphics clears any issues . i agree with the review that the foot peddle should be placed on the outside . you just can not reach it with your foot if you have the shelf installed . amazon , you came through ordered the extension tables for the 735 great price and it makes the planer the free shipping . it frequently is the deciding factor .
2			pack	free	i	thrilled	people	numerous	hands	little	words	easy	app	great	introduction	great	beginner	new	packs	additional	puzzles	easy	application	bible			the beginner's bible and now an app . i was thrilled when handlebar marketing gave me the opportunity to review the new beginner's bible application for ipad , and have been playing with it for a few weeks now . the app is great , with the same stories , illustrations and adding audio features with a soothing male and female reading it for early readers and non readers . the visuals move during the story , and when you tap on the illustrations . the jigsaw puzzles are very easy , which will make it fun for little hands to manipulate on an ipad screen . there are color pages to use too ! the initial pack is free , and additional packs sell for $ 1.99 with 6 stories , games and puzzles to go along with it , to be able to bring you through the bible . i loved the print version of the book , used it with my own kids 3 years ago , and have given it to numerous people to use with their children and ministries to kids . it's a great first introduction to the bible in easy to read words , and colorful , engaging illustrations .
2			radio	basic	version	original	radio	great			careful , it melts ! i bought the original version of this radio back in the late 70 . we have had this one for over two years . it's a great basic radio with loud enough sound for shop / work use . we left it in the vegas sun and it melted the case a little . it still works !
1			cherried	bad			bad cherried . the cherries taste rancid . very disappointing for an organic product . we expected a brighter , fresher flavor . maybe the sale price was an indication of quality . my husband says they taste like prunes .
2			day	detailed	book	great			absolutley fantastic . dr hamza is revealing the inside stuff of the so called republic of fear , i couldn not stop reading it day by day , well detailed and adventures . we lived in saddam's hell for 7 months back on 1990 and we saw the devils atrocities until we were liberated by the coallision forces led by usa so i really believe that this book contains no hypothetic incidents . a great book .
1			levels	different	success	real	it	big	exercises	various	mistake	big	it	poor	it	cumbersome			save your money ! recommended this in my gold box . i like to work out and i like the ability to read my heart rate while i do various exercises . i currently use a nike watch which requires you wear a band around your che st i bought this item thinking i could quickly put my thumb on the pad on the watch and read my heart rate without wearing the nike worked probably 20 of the time when i tried to read it . i tried different levels of pressure but still had no real success . in addition , this is not the best constructed watch i have ever seen . not to mention that it is big and cumbersome destroying your desire to wear it while you exercise . i made a big mistake by not immediately sending this back . it's poor quality material plus lack of sensitivity on the pulse gage should make you run for cover and not take the chance to buy this watch . trust me , i m doing you a favor .
2			it	great	it	easy	author	easy			dogread book of the month . dogread book of the month july , 200 this book was chose to be on the prestigious would ogread as a book selection of the month . we only do 12 books a year . the author comes on line for the whole month to answer questions on the book . george was very well recieved and his book recieved rave reviews . we found it easy to follow and great for the newbe or the long time owner . it was very well received by our 3000 member email group . the author was very knowledgeable and easy to understand . treshell owner dogread
1			comedy	physical	amount	good	movie	bad			bleh . the movie itself is a snoozer . there's a good amount of physical comedy , but the story just went nowhere . however , the running commentary is hilarious ! when the commentary is funnier than the movie , you know the movie is pretty bad .
1			resources	natural	it	simple	rights	civil	efforts	bad	opportunity	equal	guy	little	democrat	liberal	labor	new			just more right wing garbage . ok maybe it's not garbage but it's just more corporate america propaganda , that's for right wing conservatives who think that public efforts in regard to health care , civil rights , day care , wages and the environment are all bad , this is a , for those enlightened among us who believe that government has a responsibility to aid the needy , educate the masses , give health care to all , grant equal opportunity and protect our natural resources , this is nothing more than further proof that conservatism is a failed the record , yes , i am a proud new deal / labor liberal democrat . i believe that government must fight for the little guy . i believe that , if left unchecked , the wealthy interests in america will take all they can out of the working families of america . i believe that the wealthy have one thing in mind their own dollar gain . thus , government must have one thing in mind the welfare of working people . it's that simple .
1			reviews	bad	they	aware no	quality	good			serious product flaws dcs -950 . after reading mostly bad reviews , i took a chance and bought this product . true to the majority of reviews , the camera is subject to locking up regulary . when it worked , the picture quality was good . tried to work with dlink and they were no help . they acted as they were not aware of this problem , but they must be since everyone returns these camera's . i saw similiar reviews for their other models as well . my guess is they have a serious firmware problem they need to fix . with so many models to choose from , you would think they have enough invested in this product line to fix the software . i am going to try the 4 em corporation ipcamwlptg 4 em wlptg 802.11 wireless
2			game	great	flight	best	part	best			great game . best flight sim i have used . doesn not crash my comp and keeps me entertained . best part is that you are able to dl a / c and missions , as well as campaigns .
2			deal	great	trimmer	noticeable	trimmer	great			great quality trimmer , noticeable duller after a few uses . if they stayed sharp longer , i would gladly give this product all 5 stars . unfortunately it lost a great deal of its sharpness after a few uses even when i consistently lubricated the blades . i could always purchase sharper blades or have the existing blade sharpened but i have use much cheaper trimmers that did not have such an observable reduction in their cutting efficiency .
2			buy	great	sound	great	sound	big	they	easy			excellent . sounds great . love the quality cables and they are easy to use . the cables don not tangle as much as other cables . the sound is great and provides big bass sound and is not overdone . it also handles very loud fit well and i can even go running with look good and always get me the sexy ladies ! just show them an ear ! bling bling at ya baby ! check out my vmoda's ! ugggh ! in all are a great buy . got them for about $ 75 on amazon .
2			sound	great	phone	bad	range	great			bad panasonic phone . i bought my panasonic 2.4 dss phone with answerer three years ago . i paid price for it . initially both the sound and the range were great . but 1.5 years later , static started to appear . now the static is simply unbearable and we have no choice but to get a replacement . i called panasonic and they say that it costs price to get a replacement item . we are turned off by this phone enough that we seriously question the panasonic brand in general . so we bought a uniden instead for price uniden tru 346 .
2			it	hate	writer	great	suspense	good			good but the ending blew it totally . this book was going good until the end . the suspense was good , and actually built on itself to where you stayed very much interested . it did kind of lag in a few places , but stayed rolling . then the ending . i won not spoil it for i , personally , hated it . not the part about jason's mask , but there's only one survivor . i think eric morse is a great writer . hope the other camp crystal lake novels are better .
2			story	good	men	tough	read	great	it	hot			awesome ! this was my fav so good story . great . zsadist is my favorite ! i love bella too . i just loved the interaction between them and it was totally hot . i love the way these men are so tough but totally fall in love with the right female . its a great read ! ! looking forward to the re st
1			use	generous	idea	good	finish	strong	execution	poor			non stick coating is non existent . i purchased this item for christmas but today sent it to the trash . despite extreme care , using plastic lifter , generous use of pam or other oils , food sticks every time and the item is almost impossible to clean . i would say it worked well for about the first month . we have kept using it but finally reached the point of too much frustration . this item is a very good idea but with poor execution it needs a very strong non stick finish .
2			connection	french	it	great	selection	good			pretty good selection . it had a good selection i mean it had 6 or 7 of my favorite movies . i just can not believe it did ny feature the french connection . other than that it was great .
2			collection	great	addition	great			great collection . this a great collection of the trilogy . the extras are a great addition to the followers of the trilogy . this boxed set provides hours of entertainment , background , history and behind the scenes discussion of the making of the trilogy . both the recipient and myself have enjoyed watching again and again .
2			product	great			fun gun . product was great . should have an over 10 age rating . too difficult for younger kids to use . arm strength seller great . airzooka black
2			travel	great			motorcycling around cuba . this is a great travel , political , and adventure book , and one of the first non fiction books i have ever read that i got totally lost in . i would love to go to cuba , if it's anything like this !
2			they	great	music	emotional	sound	reminiscent	effort	best			out of the cocteau clone zone into more maturity . overall , i think this ablum is a lovely piece of emotional , achingly melancholic , charming music . harriet wheeler & co . have managed , over their long hiatus , to emerge from cocteau twins clone mode and into a truly satisfying , sweet and ear pleasing groove . rather than cocteau twins , their sound now is more reminiscent of mazzy star , innocence mission , later natalie merchant , more mellow belly , and even rubber soul / revolver era beatles at points . though i really don not have any fovorite tunes on this cd they are all great , i especialy like the slightly sad , pastel melancholy of cry and leave this city . overall , this album is their best effort to date .
1			song	bad	gilmore	happy			surprisingly hilarious . the movie was pretty much , play bad 80 s song as he gets ready for a stunt , then cut it when he crashes . that sounds bad , but i couldn not get enough . filled with characters that remind me of napoleon dynamite that keep the humor going . will immediately be part of my reply library with movies like tommy boy , grandma's boy and happy gilmore .
2			girl	atrocious	idea	great	girl	little	storyline	interesting	girl	nasty			it drags on and on . . . the storyline is interesting . the characters have some depth . what went wrong ? first of all , the movie drags on way too much . second , the dubbing is atrocious especially that nasty little girl . the head in the freezer is a great idea , and making love to , that just turns my stomach i think that was the idea , but still ! i would have to say that the only part of the movie worth watching is the last ten or fifteen minutes , when things actually start to happen . other than that , this film is a boring , pretentious stab at horror .
2			help	great	it	easy			great help ! if you have a traditionally shaped ladies bike , i highly recommend that you buy this to make it easy to load it onto your bike rack . we use it with an allen 5 bike rack and it makes it so much easier to get my daughter's bike secured .
2			country	great	debtor	greatest	it	hard			tell it to the marines . dower must have gone to some other country . i served in japan , did close order drill on the emperor's front lawn , learned a bit of the language , studied under the leading expert on japanese history , spent a sabattical year in japan and more and i think dower's picture is absurd and harmful . i m not alone ; all the gi's i knew felt very much at home in japan . it's a great country every outfit has its scoundrels . japan is the world's leading creditor ; we are the greatest debtor . japan's pre war economic aims have been achieved and surpassed . it's hard to say what our aims were , and the occupation's floundering provides no clues . dower's ethnocentrism is embarrassing .
1			it	funny no	guy	like	guy	bad	it	stupid			groan . what was tommy lee thinking ? this was probably one of the most awful things i have sat through in a while . and only because it was on tv and there was nothing to watch . it was just terribly stupid from beginning to end , completely full of every clich you can think of . it was not funny , you can not even call this a mystery since we know who the bad guy is like ten minutes into the film . what is the point ?
2			arrangements	great	folks	old	i	glad	mdw	current	they	available	mdw	musical	rockers	old			before the mdw . speaking as another one of those old rockers who supposedly doesn not know anything about music , i would like to submit fools gold for your approval . this was the kind of music yes capital m that us old folks were fortunate to is before we entered the current musical desert wasteland mdw . super voices , lyrics you can understand , along with great arrangements it doesn not get much better than this . dan fogelberg , god rest his talented soul , sure did know talent when he heard it . i am so glad these are available on cd now . don not wait ! get the two fools gold cd's while they are still available .
1			acting	worth	acting	bad	job	bad			wrong . it is sad to watch meg ryan portray this role with her bad lip job . bad acting , this movie is worth watching only in terms of learning through the negative .
2			fun	great	item	great	types	different			great fun to open . this is a great item to purchase , its lots of fun to open and gives you the chance for many different types of cards . i highly reccommend it .
1			sound	terrible	acting	poor			could not even finish the movie . after about 40 minutes the children rebelled and demanded we turn this movie off . poor acting , slow , pitifully slow plot , terrible sound and just down right boring .
1			soundtrack	poor	movie	stupid	acting	poor			waste of money and time to watch this stupid movie . poor acting , poor soundtrack , nothing positive to mention about this worse war movie i have ever watch , don not even think of adding this to your collection , you will regret ! not even worth a star .
1			truth	bad	shots	good			ww 2 movie . this is an excellent film , well produced , although as it is obviously based on the eighth air force raids on germany's ball bearing plant at schweinfurt which took terible losses , that fact is cocealed in the movie , i suppose as the truth would have been bad for moral . for those who enjoy this type of film there are good airial combat shots .
2			entertaining	great	station	new	station	local	music	basic	music	good	music	great			great , suprised , entertaining . just good basic fun music , i bought it for one song i liked on a local new station and was suprised to find the rest of the cd great music
2			songs	great			better than the first trio . i haven not changed the cd since i put it in my car . my favorites include blues movin in , he rode all the way to texas , blue train , after the goldrush , and feels like home . it dosn not matter that parton and rondsatd previously released a couple of these on solo albums cause these are treasures with the beutiful harmonies . i m waiting for trio iii . my only question is why isn not radio playing this ? it rocketed to 4 on billboards country album charts with no single release . obviously these are some great songs that deserve airplay . to parton / harris / rondstatd you go girls
1			movie	bad	mix	hate	mix	poor			i hate this poor mix of cg animation and live action . not only this movie was poorly cg live animated , is also kind of boring . there are some cool action scenes but many of them last like less than a minute and there were actually 4 action scenes as far i can remember . i like fantasy adventure films but there are much better movies like conan the destroyer , beastmaster , legend , highlander or even the videogame god of war . this movie was so bad to me that i rather watch you liked ultraviolet or 300 perhaps this movie is for you . adios .
1			product	bad	reviews	positive	streaks	heavy			garbage . this product does exactly the opposite of what it is supposed to do it is supposed to clean screens . instead , it leaves heavy streaks that are nearly impossible to get rid of . isn not that the definition of a bad product ? the people giving this product positive reviews are either paid shills or blind . stay away at all costs . you have been warned .
2			it	good	cereal	hot	price	good	alternative	great			a great alternative to oats . quinoa makes a great tasting hot cereal . we have been eating it for a year or so now . it was good to get a seven pack and for a good price from amazon .
1			concept	bad	i	excited			a shadow should not talk . i was really excited to get this for my son who loves don freeman books . however , this book is about how a shadow is looking for its owner . shadows don not talk . bad concept for a book !
2			product	great	scent	great	i	happy	smell	great	lather	rich			great smell , rich lather . this product is great ! it has given me a very smooth shave every time i have used soap lathers really well and has a great scent ! i just switched from the colonel conk amber to the colonel conk almond and am very happy !
2			gift	great			great gift for granddaughter . we gave this as a gift for our granddaughter's 8 h birthday she had a ball with it ! i would love to have the larger one for our camping trips .
2			story	great	fans	great	we	excited	people	young	job	great	screen	big	actors	young	voight	amazing			true to the spirit of the book . as both of us my daughter and i are great fans of the book , holes , we were excited to see the film although a bit worried that it might not do this magnificent book justice . but after seeing it , we thought the movie really captured the spirit of the book and brought its amazing tale to the big screen with all the magic of the story itself . that probably has to do with the fact that holes author louis sachar also wrote the film's screenplay . the young actors did a great job and in the adult roles , jon voight was amazing as mr sir . this is not just a movie for young people but for anyone who enjoys a great story filled with an array of characters who span generations but who find their destinies intertwined .
2			group	small	solution	great			great solution . we are caring for a small group of feral cats , who show up regularly for meals and shelter in our garage and in a cat shelter we built last summer . i ordered 2 mats first , to keep from worrying about them in the bitter cold . they love them ! i ordered another for 2 beds in the garage . smiles all around !
2			liquids	hot	they	plastic	idea	great	they	easy			like them until they crack . i have four of these in graduated sizes . they are easy to read and pour very well , and they nest for storage . however , eventually they have all cracked at the bottom , as another reviewer wrote . i even replaced one and thought by never using it for hot liquids that might help , and top rack washing in the dishwasher . no such luck , cracked again , and then they leak . and i am afraid to use them in the microwave because they are plastic . a great idea , but seriously flawed .
1			graphics	average	imitation	poor			poor imitation of halflife . so much hype about this game i might have been expecting too much from didn not think the graphics were above average , that surprised is nonexistent . they don not hunt you down , they just shoot at anything close by they can see . move out of their sight and they stop shooting you . they do shoot / see through plants though , which gets annoying . it's like they have a cheat that lets them ignore plants . at long range the ai ignores you as you pick enemies off like shooting fish in a barrel . i couldn not get multiplayer is playable .
2			price	great	he	tired	son	old	ways	different			highly entertaining . i bought this for my car shortly after my son was born so i could keep an eye on him . i love this mirror , it keeps my son very happy when he is tired and often puts him to sleep which is great . the music isn not to annoying and the lights are slow enough that they don not bother me while i drive . it's also a great price ! my son is 5 months old now and we still use it all the time . i would highly recommend this mirror ! it has several different ways to attach to the car as well , so it works in almost every car .
2			movie	good	plot	unbelievable	it	great	i	disappointed			even nicolas cage can not make this movie good ! i purchased the movie thinking that it would be great . dennis hopper and nicolas cage in the same film . i was truly disappointed . the plot is so unbelievable . it was a waste of my time and my money .
1			bed	comfortable	things	worthless	craftsmanship	poor			expensive and worthless . few things i have ever bought in all of my life proved to be as worthless as this . previously bought wal mart's own brand air bed that cost half as much and lasted 8 years before ending up with some leaks . thought i would replace it with this nice double the cost reputable branded coleman . what a mistake . in less than 8 weeks after only the second use in the areas that one sees in the picture where the dips are contoured into the surface the seams manufactured there started to separate and the bed sprung leaks in two places . a comfortable bed initially but when you wake up on the floor on deflated vinyl and with a lot less cash in your pocket you quickly learn the poor craftsmanship and manufacturing process of whomever makes this for coleman . do not buy ! avoid !
2			it	sturdy	value	great			rolling computer case . this case has enough compartments to hold all my paperwork as well as other incidentals to carry me through the day . it rolls effortlessly and is very sturdy . i like the removeable carrying case for my computer . i like it a lot . great value !
2			set	little	price	right	set	great	feature	nice	t	small	it	easy			great little set . i purchased this set of mini torx screwdrivers to expand the range of my existing torx screwdrivers the smallest of which was a t 15 . the largest screwdriver on this set is a t 10 and it goes down to t 5 which is quite small . i have sinced used these screwdrivers to repair a signal switch on my vw golf and take my xbox 360 apart more than once . so far , they appear to be holding up well no rounding of the corners observed . i especially like the fact that the end of the screwdriver that sits in your palm rotates freely so it is very easy to apply some pressure with your palm and then spin the screwdriver with your fingers very nice feature . the case is a little cheaply made but the price is right so i can not really complain . if you are looking for a mini torx set , this one will work nicely .
2			bit	little	book	great			this book is a wonderful and very fynny book ! this great book started out with this wonderful prolouge . the beginning of this book was very serious with a little bit of ax's life . the middle was pretty humourus with ax eating everything . i m not telling you the end ! if you liked this book you would like the andalite chronicals !
2			product	great	bucks	big			great product ! this product offers exactly what it clai ms it has an organic surface and is great for parents that want to go the organic route without shelling out big bucks ! ! also how can you buy a waterproof organic crib pad without the polyurethane ? the packaging clearly states the fabric content so i don not see why people are complaining about the company pulling the wool over our eyes . polyurethane has been used in europe for years and they got on the green band wagon much earlier than us .
2			characters	great	adventure	good	fi	military	attention	great			must read for fans of military sci fi . if you enjoy a good adventure with great characters you will like gehenna station . lots of fast paced action with great attention to detail . the evolution of the planet and it's resident life forms are very well done . i could identify with the characters and can imagine both pre quels and especially sequels to this story . a great read .
2			it	great			very sneaky design . i have had this product for about a year . while it was working it was great . one day it would no longer cook rice . the switch would not stay on . i took apart the machine and found out why . all of the wires inside were screwed down except one . one of the wires was glued down on the bottom of the pot . my guess is that after using it everyday the heat finally made the glue come off . i found a screw around the house that fit and screwed it on myself there's a hole . it's working for now but i m now currently looking for a replacement .
2			book	great			the book is great ! this is my father's book ! he worked so hard , i hope you will read this great book !
1			ripoff	poor			disgusting . how shameless can you get ? as other reviewers have noted , this is a poor quality ripoff of a public domain work .
1			peice	large	construction	poor	bend	bad	design	great	peice	big	condition	bad			poor construction . this case has a great design but is very poorly constructed . the metal frame is very light guage and easily bent . i received this case in very bad condition . it had all six plastic mounting pins on the front broken off and the case was warped . one side had a bad bend on one corner . i feel sure it was shipped this way because there was a large peice of plastic wrapped around the box to hold it together . ups may from time to time deliver damaged goods but they do not wrap a big peice of plastic around a box that is obviously dammaged . they have insurance and other ways to deal with this sort of thing .
1			copy	poor			poor copy of a classic . this version is riddled with typos and mistakes . disappointing and at times confusing . for example aird instead of and , h instead hand , e instead of come . guess you get what you pay for with this one !
1			microwave	worst			worst microwave ever . i purchased this microwave here on amazon , and it arrived about two weeks later . it doesn not work at all . it just doesn not heat up the food . 3 calls to lg customer services got me nowhere , they refused to help me get it repaired . please stay away from such a shoddy product .
1			quality	poor	looks	old	money	expensive			poor quality . my wife wanted this coffee pot because it looks old she washed it the glass top pot was expensive but not worth the money . probably made in china
2			book	easy	american	great	problems	current	book	hard	book	interesting	woman	great	person	strong	problems	racial	it	easy			this book deftly describes a great woman in difficult times . this book is interesting and easy to read , but hard to take . ida wells barnett was a complex person incredibly smart , brave and strong , but at the same time , prickly and ultra book also puts america's current racial and gender problems into perspective , showing us that we haven not come very far from the late 19 h century's attitudes toward and treatment of african americans and women . this book is a must read for anyone who cares about a great american or wants to face and learn more about america's shameful history . that said , the author's style makes it easy to read . amazingly enough for a scholarly biography , i would often find myself reading late into the night because i couldn not put it down .
2			one	good	one	defective	you	ashamed	waste	total	scrubber	bad no			pass on this waster . i bought two of these on sale and what a mistake . a total waste of money . the concept is a good one but this wastes dish soap like crazy ! i thought the first one was defective so i tried the second one i bought and the same story . way too much soap . i never even press the button and it dispenses way to much . don not fill it with soap and it's not a half bad scrubber . but don not waste your money here . 3 . . you should be ashamed for marketing this ! i only gave it one star because the system wouldn not allow me to do zero .
2			interest	great	guy	black	foxx	talented	she	beautiful	job	good	actress	great	show	remarkable			remarkable show . this show definately shows just how jamie foxx is multi talented . the character's in the show could not have been selected better . braxton ha rd . however you spell it . is as funny as you can get , playing the role of the educated and well mannered black guy . the aunt and uncle accentuate each other , as junior is as unclassy as the aunt is classy . fancy is a great love interest , as she is funny , beautiful and a great actress . jamie foxx , without question , did a good job on this show . the only problem that i have with the show is that they are taking to long to release the other seasons on dvd ! ! what is up with that ?
2			talent	tremendous	hell	personal	drive	incredible	feelings	powerful	detail	great	success	great	girl	golden	faith	new			brutally honest and compassionate account of an alcoholic ! have you ever wondered how a person who seems to have it all can create a personal hell for themselves ? laura baugh describes in great detail how this happened to her . she gives a brutally honest and compassionate account of her descent into alcoholism . what an amazing story ! stunningly beautiful with tremendous talent , laura baugh became the lpga's golden girl . her inability to get a tour victory after great success as a junior collided with her incredible drive to succeed and win and throw in a scary , abusive relationship laura describes how the pressures caught up with her and how she escaped into wine and champagne . she ruins her life and hits rock bottom with two near death experiences . amazingly , she recovers to find a new faith in god and to articulate the powerful feelings of getting a second chance in life . i loved this book .
2			book	easy	key	new	guide	fantastic	it	helpful	guide	best	books	basic			a fantastic guide to costa rica ! hands down , this is the best travel guide i have ever used ! whether traveling to europe or south africa , i have not had the pleasure of using a guide book that is so easy to read and follow . whenever a question pops into my mind . i can easily find an answer in the new key . it's written in a style that feels more like having a conversation with a travel guide , rather than pouring through a research i learned that the new key has a website and that if a traveler desires , the author of the new key will consult with you for more indepth , individualized guidance as you plan your trip to costa rica ! i can not emphasize enough how helpful this book has been . often times with guidebooks i find myself photocopying a few pages and putting them in my luggage for reference when i m abroad . with the new key , i will bring the whole book as it's all applicable and helpful ! so glad i found this one , rather than using the basic chain books !
2			service	great			excellent ! the item took a little long to arrive , but it was sent all the way from argentina which is understandable ! ! great service ! my boyfriend loved the cd ! thanks !
2			album	great	albums	best	opinion	humble			a very great album i wish i got it sooner . wilco rocks ! this has to be one of the best overall albums ever least in my humble opinion
1			printing	bad	dot	old			too bad printing . i was frightened when i opened the book . the characters in the book look like a copied material of a very very old 8 pin dot printer output .
2			maker	great	price	great			great coffee maker . this is a great coffee maker and is a great price ! shopped around and chose this . was not disappointed , very sharp !
2			book	enjoyable	maneuverings	military	conspiracy	great	catton	romantic	use	good	tribes	native	acquisitions	military	shop	open			yes ! m ! ch ! gan ! catton covers two centuries in 11 chapters and just under 200 pages . the book is literally crammed with information in a mishmash of military acquisitions , missionaries , native american tribes at least a dozen are mentioned , woods runners , capitalists and of coarse politicians . however , catton makes good use of brevity he does not waste print on the minutiae of strategic military maneuverings as so many historians do , but rather he carefully selects and explores the details of the social and technological events that shaped the territory , the state and the nation the open shop lumber industry , federal land grant programs , the toledo strip , wildcat banks and the great railroad conspiracy . as historians and michiganders go , catton is a romantic , and even melodramatic at times , but never boring . this book is thoroughly enjoyable .
2			term	short	dye	great	hair	light			not so great dye . this dye will give you a really bright pink if your hair is super light . however , it fades really badly , even after one wash . great if you want something short term , but if you want something long lasting , you better look for something else .
1			pile	big	shock	original	ripoff	big	music	bad	songs	good	album	horrible			a cheezy , non original shock rock band . this album is horrible considering this band is a big ripoff of every other shock rock band . this band is so not originalthey are imitations of alice cooper , m . manson , white zombie , rob zombie . i bought this album all cause of one of the members in the murderdolls is also apart of static x which rock ! sadly there are only 2 worthy songs that are actually good on this album , and theyare dead in hollywood , and dawn of the dead , so yourbetter off downloading those 2 songs that i mentioned cause the rest of the album is a big pile of you know what if you like pointless non meaningful crumby plain out bad music , this album is for you , but take it for me , dont waste your money on the murderdolls , i am just hoping the murderdollsnever ever release another album . .
2			i	disappointed	photos	fabulous	photos	terrific	photos	inspiring	cook	experienced	expectations	great			picture pretty . i bought this cookbook with great expectations and was quite disappointed . fabulous photos , but not much for an experienced cook to sink your teeth into . much is updates or variations on california cuisine from 10 years ago . i found nothing novel , water mouthering , or special . however , the photos are terrific and inspiring . think of it as a food styling book and you won not be as disappointed as i was . i did give it away as a gift and my friend , an occassional cook , was overjoyed .
2			overview	great	i	impressed	areas	weak	study	best	scores	great			best study guide . having been out of college for more than a decade , i was nervous about the prospect of taking this exam . my performance on a sample test was dismal , and would have been a failure if it were the actual te st i purchased the guide , and studied it from cover to cover . the book provides a great overview of the concepts likely to be on the te st the performance assessments help identify your weak areas . there are even 3 full length practice tests at the end . i took the test and got great scores ! i was so impressed with this book , i bought the praxis 2 study guide from the same publisher .
2			product	great	he	old			great product ! my son loves this gym . we got it for him when he was 6 weeks old and even now at 3 months he still really enjoys it ! he prefers the music to the rainforest sounds , and he will stay through at least 2 cycles of music and lights , even when we first got it for him . if you plan on getting a gym , imo i recommend getting one with music and lights such as this one . highly recommended and definitely worth the price !
2			cd	good	eyes	old	musicians	great	background	original	bands	big	blues	old	choices	excellent			this is a terrific tribute to old blues eyes . not as good as singin with the big bands cd that manilow released in 1995 or paradise cafe , this cd is still a terrific tribute to old blue eyes . the difference is that in singin with the big bands , manilow sang over the original background and orchestra music of the originals like glen miller and johnny mercer . with the sinatra cd , manilow has some great musicians backing him up ; however , for example , the summer wind sounds too much like a 70 lounge act . you can not outdo the nelson riddle arrangements . manilow's opening and closings pieces which he wrote truly summarize sinatra . manilow's choices are excellent . they just don not write songs like this anymore . too bad he couldn not add rain or shine .
2			vibes	great	putumayo	great	vibes	different			excellent latino by putumayo . anything buy putumayo is great . this is nothing different great latino vibes for any party , morning errand or dinner mix .
2			battery	great			replacement battery . i got this as a replacement for my thinkpad battery . it has been three years and the battery is great , almost as efficient as it was when i bought it .
1			deal	bad	product	good			good product bad deal . this is being sold for 5 -8 dollars on most of the internet . word to the wise , buy this somewhere else .
1			singing	wonderful	quality	good no	staging	bad	singing	exceptional			bad staging . exceptional singing . i actually like the costumes . the writings projected onto the back screen and the minimalistic stage seem to distract the viewing experience . the video quality is not so good . however , the singing is wonderful . this production is more pleasurable to watch than other productions i have seen .
2			it	great			useful . informative and well written . it was great to read the backgrounds of these agents . it certainly helps any writer wanting to contact them .
1			quality	poor	brand	big			poor asian quality . not worth 10 ents . very sad . bushnell is a big brand . it's a shame that they would put thier name on such a crappy you will read with other reviews , the threads on the bolt that screws into the binoculars is so poorly made you barely get 1 4 turn before it binds up . these are absolutely 100 useless . i was on the phone within 5 minutes arranging for the refund / return back to amazon .
2			it	adorable	book	great			great book ! it's a great book ! our baby boy who is now almost a toddler really enjoys this book . it is simply adorable to see the way he reacts to the other babies . when we looked at the book together for the first time he asked why baby laugh ? then why baby cry ? and then after many more such questions he asked is this baby me ? my heart filled with joy . i m sure every parent will hold this book near and dear to their hearts just as my family does .
1			product	terrible	it	helpful	omen	bad	it	worth no			terrible product . this product was never even used . we managed to get it tangled and jammed just in the process of setting it up , and it didn not take much to cause this to happen i had read the caution about how easy it was to tangle . after fighting with it for a few hours we gave up . as another reviewer stated which i should have taken as a bad omen it would be helpful if the plastic casing would open so you could get the line unjammed . my husband called the company who won not take any action on their own . at the price it's not worth my effort to package up and return , so it went in the garbage .
1			i	disappointed	story	good	damage	emotional	thing	good	life	real	fortune	bad	diary	real	life	tough	literature	good			trashy book , impossible story , written by a man . it was a fast read . and it's a good thing , because otherwise i would not have given it the time of day . i picked it up expecting a good story and good literature because so many people rave about how great they think this book is , but i was very dissapointed . first of all , it is written in a way that can potentially convince you it's a possible story . it is diary style and mentions t . v shows and other books , just like a real diary would . but the story and characters are just too impossible . yes , life can be tough , but an unrellenting assault of bad fortune , as happens to dolores just doesn not happen in real life . and , i know people that have lived through being raped and dealing with parents deaths without all the emotional damage that afflicts dolores . the symbolism in this novel was also a joke . every time a whale was mentioned i actually laughed out loud , could you get any more cliche ?
2			they	great	they	easy			ateco clear 18 bags . they are great and so easy to use . the help with my cookies and candies really come in handy and i can just through them away . thank you amazon for offering them .
2			book	practical	book	great	sources	different			great book but wish for matching hypnosis cd ! i bought a few hypnobirthing cds , and books from different sources . mongan's book is great and very practical to use for any type of person . i wish she had a package you could buy with a hypnosis cd or two . of all the products on this topic , hers was the be st unfortunately , hers is the only one i bought used . i wasted a lot of money on inferior hypnobirthing products elsewhere . there was one other site which i enjoyed ; they were guided imagery tapes . i had my baby very comfortably using these methods ! ! i heathly seven pound girl in april !
1			movie	bad	film	bad	movie	suck	effects	special	insult	huge			very bad movie ! i only give this 2 stars because of the special effects and i am a easy going guy . but this movie sucked . depp is portrayed as an idiot , and the overall acting in this one is a joke . charlie's acting is at best 3 stars and the music sucked . very bad film and a huge insult to gene wilder !
1			game	worst			don not believe the hype . not even that innovative at all , and boring as hell to boot . the only reason to get this game is because you think it may appreciate in value over time . it's more of a collector's item than an actual is actually tied with killer 7 for the worst game i have ever played .
2			mix	great	harness	happy			arm will now stay in socket . i have a pitbull / great dane mix who wieghs almost 80 pounds . he hasn not been taken for a walk in almost a year because i could not control himon a conventional leash even using a choke chain . the last walk we tookhe almost pulled my arm out of its socket , made me trip and fall . afterlimping home in pain i vowed to never walk with him again . this harnessis first he didn not want me to put it on but after an intialbattle of wills that i won this time he gave in . the minute we walkedout the door i knew i was in couldn not pull me anymore andfor the first time since he was full grown i actually had a pleasant walkwith him . this harness works great and i very happy i bought it !
2			controller	great			great controller and also works with the ps 3 . have been using this controller for two years now and just tried it in my ps 3 slim and it also works with it .
1			information	little	book	worst			very disappointing all hype little information . jerome dedicates most of this book in excess of 50 to sharing his point of view on government . too many anecdotes and too few methodical discussions on the pro's / con's , and alternatives to offshore investing . in addition , the book is just poorly written . the worst book i have read in years . i have had to go out and buy other books to understand how offshore really works and the domestic tax implications of offshore money .
1			touches	little	kids	personal	book	bad	shift	short	title	wrong			hillary haters , you will love this book . beth harpaz's book has the wrong title . it should be titled one girl on the van . the author spends much of the book giving details about her personal kids , her mother ! and her husband . those other girls on the van got short shift from most importantly so does hillary clinton . hartaz has a never ending list of complaints about the way she was treated by hillary and her aides . it was all so personal and an example , harpaz mentions that hillary hates being photographed when she is hartaz includes a photo of the first lady eating a gigantic sandwich . little touches like that which make this book bad .
2			replacement	complete	resource	great	package	electronic	learner	visual			good if you do a lot of computer based outlining . if you like combining your notes , briefs , etc in one electronic package , this is a great resource . i , personally , prefer software for class and not exam prep . for exams , there are some disadvantages to paper based study guides and i would treat this as a supplement and tool rather than a complete replacement for other tools unless you like living in a paperless world . i m a visual learner and i find that the books help me on exams when i can remember where on a page i saw something . if you find that you learn best by doing things with the text copying , pasting , dissecting , re organizing , this might work better for you .
1			remakes	bad	version	true	i	glad	tugs	major			the horror , the horror of bad remakes ! gray hofmeyr's 1986 version of this film was true to the book and gave your hearts some major tugs , especially at the end of the film when jock dies . in this one , the only bright light is the late robert urich , who endeared himself to everyone here when he arrived to shoot his awful film with a wimpy hero and an even more wimpish heroine , the actress playing the role of lilian complained that south africa is so dusty , i m glad i don not lay bricks when i go to the toilet one that should be missed by all .
2			it	right	it	true	it	nice	margaritas	exceptional	machine	easy	machine	great			lello 4070 gelato junior . great machine , ultra quiet and easy to use ! we had company over a long weekend and this thing kept cranking out batch after batch of ice cream . we also made margaritas which were exceptional . the only beef i have is with the instruction manual . while it's true the machine is easy to use , i wish there was some sort of trouble shooting page and / or li st there's a trick to inserting the bowl , and it took a few minutes to figure out it would have been nice to have had some sort of reference just to make sure i did it right .
2			anticipation	great	disappointment	huge			i was tricked ! i purchased this album with great anticipation since it was rated 5 stars by 70 customers . but this album was a huge disappointment . besides the people this album has nothing . i wouldn not recommend it disappointed common fan
1			story	good	plotline	interesting	paragraph	short	editing	poor			killing time . the plotline is interesting , but what happened to the editor ? there are repeats everywhere . in one short paragraph , this morning appears three times . due to poor editing , it was a bit of work to get through what could have been a good story .
2			characters	fantastic	season	next	plot	fantastic			this show keeps getting better and better . i didn not start watching the show until the second season , but now i own all of the seasons and love it ! the overall show has gotten better every year . this show has a lot to offer . i love scifi , but i need more than just scifi . the plot and characters are fantastic . can not wait to to see next season ! !
2			wheels	plastic	feature	great	trouble	little	one	little			ditch the stroller go for a ride instead . i bought this for my 2 year old to take him when my older children were riding their bikes . it is much better than the stroller because he feels like he is driving . natually this is a little harder to take along than a stroller but if you have the room it is much better . my only complaint is that the wheels are hard plastic and make alot of noise and there are no doors so my little one has a little trouble getting in and out . the removeable floor is a great feature too for when when he's just playing .
2			dish	safe	money	extra	they	great	beak	hard	edges	sharp	cage	new			dangerous to your parrot . i purchased this product and within a few months it rustedthe cage where you screw it in so if you move it around your left withru st it also shredded the sides of the dish because of takeing it outand now the sides have sharp edges that cut up my parrots beak is hard to tear up stainless steal but in a matter of months its rippedin 3 sides . also rust harms your parrot so i had to purchase a new cage . i boughtthe stainless steel dishes that only hook and do not screw in . they are great andi can move them easily around without the rust or it tearing apart . be carefull and spendthe extra money for a safe dish for your parrot , it will cost you less in the endand save your parrot .
2			it	fantastic			will not get harvest home cut and on vhs . i just read all the reviews and will not purchase dark secrets of harvest home . i read the book a few times and watched the series on tv it was fantastic . like all your reviewers i hope someone out there will put the whole series on dvd . i will be waiting . i am going to purchase the book again from one of your sellers on amazon as i lent it to someone years ago and of course they never returned a lot of fans would really really like to see this series uncut and on dvd . we are waiting .
2			variety	nice	cd	great	drive	next			great cd with a nice variety of tunes . great cd for the chillout or to pop in your car on your next drive .
2			hopes	high	reviews	great			didn not hold worth a darn . i had high hopes for this product . it got great reviews everywhere i looked so i bought it . it didn not hold my lower dentures at all . please don not hold anything against the seller if this review links to them , they did nothing wrong , but i will never buy this product again and i can not even give it away .
2			fun	great	book	next	idiom	contemporary	midrash	modern	insights	great	teaching	great	form	popular			great insights and great fun . when i picked up the book , i thought that i would just skim it and then go on to the next book . but it held my attention and i read it cover to cover . it contains great torah teaching in a contemporary idiom and was a lot of fun . i have already used the stories as teaching tools . it is indeed modern midrash in a popular form
2			physics	classical	someone	interested	amount	great	amount	enormous	it	best	number	good			a math text with a purpose . this book contains an enormous amount of insight into a great amount of mathematics that is largely taken for granted in undergraduate courses on the subjects of classical and quantum physics . this book , despite it's age , does a wonderful job of filling the gaps between undergraduate math courses in linear algebra and calculus , and the mathematics that is used in these two foundational fields of physics . i highly recommend this book for any aspiring graduate student in physics , particularly after one has taken a good number of math courses and both classical and quantum physics at the undergraduate level , in preparation for graduate studies . in particular , it is best for someone who is interested in the details of the thoeries . it helped me a lot .
2			board	dull	tin	thin	i	disappointed	one	weak	board	cheap	figures	plastic	plastic	small	board	weak	pieces	weak	version	different	tin	weak	game	great			risk tin is weak . i was very disappointed with the risk tin . risk itself is a great game , but the tin , board , and pieces in this set are very weak . the army figures are small , cheap , plastic . the cards are smaller than normal and the board is disappointingly dull and cheap looking . the tin is thin and did not hold up well in the shipping process . it is not worth the $ 30 dollars i paid for it . buy a different version , this one is weak .
1			i	smart no	people	bad			in bollywood ? geee , , police are bad people ? i didnt know this . what else i didnt know ? hollywood and bollywood same company ? i guess i was not really smart when paid 14 for nonsense but , after all , not much in life make much sense anyway .
2			places	different	color	great	bulb	fantastic	lamp	main			8 years and still going . fantastic bulb . i have lived in and moved to 6 different places since i bought this bulb and it just keeps going . i use the lamp it's in every evening as my main living space lamp so it's seen thousands of hours . great color and dims very well without flickering . it still works great when turned all the way up but just this week started having trouble maintaining even light on the lowest dim setting . so i went out to buy a spare , couldn not find them , until i turned to amazon !
2			they	expensive	it	great			works as good as the battery that came with the camera . this battery seems to perform the same as the official cannon battery that came with the camera . recharged it several times and it's great . length of battery usage is the same , charge time is the same . i have had replacement batteries for other cannon cameras before and i kept going back to the cannon battery even though they are more expensive . this one seems fine and no reason to pay the extra $$$ .
2			signal	great	tuners	portable	loveit	nice			wuzup lilbro . works great no signal lost when you change direction unlike portable xm tuners & no wires hides underdash nice&clean loveit
2			all	great	mine	old	rackets	expensive	it	durable	drives	solid	racket	solid	number	large	it	similar			very solid racket for the price . this racket is a great all around racket . it's very durable and the ball comes off very consistently , regardless of where on the racket you hit it . it's got enough power for solid drives and smashes , enough spin for decent chops , and it's a decent defender . i have played a large number of butterfly rackets seemiller , chiu , kenji and this is still one of my favorites . it's very similar to the seemiller another favorite , obviously but it's got a bit more power and in my head , it seems like it's got a touch more spin . if you play more of a defensive game , go with the seemiller . if you are strictly offense , get the much higher powered and higher spin carlos chiu . i love this one for its all around , slightly offensive heck , even though mine's over two years old , i can still be competitive with it when i break my newer , more expensive rackets .
2			way	great	i	satisfied	quality	excellent			very pleased . i spent considerable time researching and comparing prior to purchasing this product . the quality is excellent ! the stand is a great way to store and display the knife . our primary use of the knife is slicing home baked artisan breads . it does an excellent job . i have only had the knife for a couple of months , but so far , it has exceeded my expectations . i am completely satisfied with the product , price , delivery and performance .
2			looks	good	look	great	they	sturdy	i	happy	shelves	new	environment	industrial			works well and looks good ! i originally bought two of these shelves for use in holding up some of my employee's unifor ms they worked great in an industrial environment . so , when we needed some new shelves for storage in our office bathroom , i immediately bought these . they went together easily , are sturdy , and look great . i have got no complaints and they fit the bill . i m very happy !
1			presentation	amateurish	video	worst	skit	live			saturday night live skit . this was the worst video i have ever seen . it was like watching a video for bass masters on snl . the presentation was so amateurish and the stories were so lame , i was embarrassed that i bought it . seriously . .
1			luck	worst			broken . my husband got my daughter and myself pixel chicks for xmas . i replaced the batteries in hers 3 times within a week and half and finally brought it back for an exchange . we went to play them and now mine is dead . tried to replace the batteries and reset but nothing works . she really likes this toy but we are having the worst luck with them .
2			packs	best	it	tasty	deal	great	description	extra			decent but needs an extra description . gu is one of the best energy packs . it's tasty and it's well designed for quick consumption i find it less messy that powerbar gels . this box of gu is a great deal , how it would really help if it was mentioned in the description that over half of the packets are caffienated . i m sure a lot of people would love the kick , but some people like me need to avoid caffiene due to preference or health conditions .
2			corners	sharp	toy	great	citizens	senior	grandson	old			magformer fun . great toy for any age babies through senior citizens . there are no sharp corners , very colorful , and require imagination . i played with them with my 3 year old grandson and he loved putting them together .
2			advice	practical	recipes	great	experiences	personal	tips	great	guide	new			great wedding tips . know someone newly engaged ? ellie kay's book the new bride guide is an excellent gift choice . her personal experiences and practical advice are needed to , walk the bride down the aisle so to speak , with beforehand knowledge of what's to come . you just have to read this book to believe all the topics explored . tips , tips and more tips . there's even a few sounds great recipes to try .
2			quality	great	it	hard	quality	good			good quality . great quality it is hard and steardy . well crafted a little smaller than expected . shipped fast can be used as a planter as well
1			ringtones	nice	color	great no			its ok . 1 long lasting battery you don not have to recharge it as frequentyly as some of the flip phones 2 the screen color is not as great as what i was looking at online 3 its kind of smaller than i thought it was 4 nice ringtones 5 i would perfer verizon , but cingular has rollover minutes , and if verizon had rollover , i would definitly get verizon over cingular . but cingular is still an okay , phone company .
1			musicians	great no	format	acoustic	line	special			hammerfall rocks . well to be quite honest , i have seen higher quality concert / documentary dvds then this one , but hammerfall still takes home four stars from me . personally i found the dvds set list to be quite well rounded songs from glory to the brave to are negade are played and even the hammerfall versions of i want out sung with kai hansen and breaking the law with a special line up make an appearance on the dvd . whats more heeding the call has been redone in an acoustic format which sounds pretty cool i think i must say that the guys at hammerfall are not only great musicians , but are quite funny too demonstrated by their antics and even more so in the outtakes . the dvd has something for everyone and will certainly at some points make you laugh .
2			advice	practical	jewels	little	guide	small	advice	detailed	information	great	guide	best			great information , terrific photographs . this small but information packed guide is the best i have found for detailed , practical advice about viewing and caring for these little flying jewels . the photographs are breathtaking and the text is well written and filled with wonderful advice and tips about feeders , habitat , gardens , identification and further resources . terrific .
2			resource	great	business	literary	it	helpful	info	useful	book	best	bits	little			the best book about publishing ! as a hopeful published author , i got this book to learn more about the literary / publishing business . i couldn not put this book down . it answered all my questions and more ! about the industry and how to go about every aspect of getting published . it was very helpful , a great resource to anyone who wants to be published . it covers what to do for nonfiction and fiction in terms of proposals , etc the side bars on every page hold little tid bits of useful info and publishing lingo . this is a book i will refer to frequently . if you are wondering why you aren not getting any agent interests or publishing contracts , you will probably find out why in this book .
2			plots	good	fashions	great			real 60 s . good plots , great 60 s fashions and style . very slick and suave . also very interesting as the illuminati presence is obvious . can not remember which vol or episode its in , but the 9 11 date pops up .
2			it	good	success	great	album	good	music	fresh	singer	new	it	like			right back was a good debut album . i got the cd the day it came out after waiting so long to get it . it was good to finally hear some fresh sublime ish music coming out of my truck's speakers . i have heard the cd a few times now and each time i think it gets better . and let me be the first to say that yes they do sound a little like sublime but , almost every member of lbda contributed to sublimes music . so they have a right to sound like that . it is kind of like when ac / dc lost bon got a new lead singer and had great success . lbda has picked up from where sublime left off and i hope they have great success . but for now i will settle for this first album cause at least reggae music is back on the loose
2			works	good	lights	portable	price	great			not as good as duracell , but works . i like purchasing in bulk since we go thru batteries with remotes , portable lights , cameras , etc this is a brand name that works for me . they do not seem to have a long life as duracell , but still ok . the price was great .
1			razor	worst	fan	big			lets just pluck my beard off ! worst i mean worst razor i ever used in my life . always a big fan of the mach 3 but then schick quattro came out . wow 4 blades ! going to give me a better shave . one use . 3 cuts , feeling my bread are being pluck out rather than shaving it ! you know what ? i rather pluck my beard off and not getting any cuts ! warbull a reviewer is right i wouldnt even use it to shave my dog !
2			deal	great			classist drivel . i honestly can not believe that school districts pay a great deal of money for ruby payne's books and progra ms while they may have slick packaging , scratch the surface and you will find damaging anecdotes that stereotype those living in poverty . under the guise of helping to understand and improve the lives of these individuals , it serves to portray them as coming from a culture that is deficient and must be fixed to fit our mold . in addition , it proposes that there is a culture of poverty . this theory has been your money . or , better , yet , by something by jonathan , there's a reason she self publishes .
2			we	pleased	toy	great	thing	negative	son	old			no bones about it . this is a super value ! my husband is taking an anatomy college course & got our 4 year old son hooked on skeletons . receiving this as a gift , we are quite pleased with its durability & how anatomically correct this toy is compared to other toy skeletons we have seen . the only negative thing i can comment on is that some of the bone sizes are slightly out of proporation . it is a great learning toy for children . if you want more accurate detail , your going to have to pay the price .
2			information	good	book	great			i love rookie readers ! this is a great book to use as a follow up to they could still be mountains or on a unit about asia . it gives good information about mount everest and can be followed up with more informational books about how people have attempted to climb the mountain .
2			books	great	list	long			sinks to the bottom . i have read so many great books about the sea , survival on the ocean and island life adrift 76 days lost at sea , dove , castaway , saved ! fatu hiva . the list is long . this will never be on it . truly one of the most boring and confusing books i have read on any subject , it jumps from ad nauseus descriptions of fish , fishing gear , waves and storms to slim references to the actual story . it is impossible to figure out who the characters are . the author throws them in without warning or description . i suspect that the author took a three chapter article and fleshed it out with every detail he could come up with to stretch it into a book .
2			hassle	big	item	great			great item ! about two months . i had to eventually return this item and get a refund . it would still charge my ipod , but the volume wouldn not turn up after those two not buy it unless you want a big hassle returning it and searching for another one .
2			knives	legendary	quality	great	tool	great			a great tool . these are legendary swiss army knives . great quality , blades hold an edge , handy tools that actually work . i use them myself and give them as gifts .
2			moisturizer	good	friend	great	towel	great			smooth skin . this polishing towel is great . there hard to find outside of the internet i have found over the last few years . my friend whose from hawaii introduced me to polishing towels and there great . increases the overall health and appearance of your skin . i have follicle bumps on my forearm , and the towel clears that right up . worth will be hooked ! don not use daily if you have dry or sensitive skin , because it can dry out your skin . use a good moisturizer with the towel is my only recommendation .
1			quality	poor	product	cheap			poor quality . this product is real cheap looking . probably only good for one use . whatever you do never ask for a gift wrap they just put it into a sack
2			review	bad no	version	horrible	video	horrible			horrible video transfer quality on full screen dvd version . this is not a bad review of the movie itself . the movie is full screen edition on dvd not same as widescreen version is horrible . the video transfer to dvd is appalling . the resolution appears to be done at vhs resolution , almost as though some lazy technician decided to just copy the vhs tape onto a you care about video quality , get the upcoming blu ray release or the widescreen version of the dvd .
2			cohesive	entire	writing	fantastic	anything	difficult	characters	fabulous	writing	great	writing	entertaining			this novel is what great writing is all about . i recently finished reading this novel and fell in love with the characters , the story itself and the message of both good and evil , as well as the concept of timshel or thou mayest . john steinbeck is without a doubt a superb storyteller . east of eden has many facets and dimensions within it . somehow or another steinbeck is able to write a multi dimensional story with phenomenal characters and keep the entire novel cohesive from start to finish . i had a difficult to wanting to do anything but read this novel once i started reading it . the writing is fantastic and entertaining . the characters are fabulous and there was always so much going on in this novel that you eagerly want to find out what is going to happen next ! this is a must read novel . steinbeck is such a wonderful writer that i can see why he won the nobel prize for literature !
2			piece	fantastic	record	best			one of the best record . i know the danger money music for more then 20 years . for all this time i have been thinking there is no week point on this reco rd fantastic piece of music .
1			quality	poor	code	different	id	poor			poor quality . poor clarity , reception and enhanced caller id does not work . when calling uniden it states if this does not work i should purchase another type of telephone with a different code that may work .
2			case	nice	shipping	free	life	great	thing	good	heads	pricey	they	available	toothbrush	great			excellent brush . this is a great toothbrush . replaced an older oral b and this is superior . great battery life . comes with a nice travel case and allows you to go about a week without a downside is that the replacement brush heads tend to be pricey . the good thing is they are available locally saw some at a walmart recently . highly downside is that it came with only one brush head so if multiple members of the household are going to use it then add the replacement heads to your order . price i got on amazon was best onthe web and also received free shipping .
2			replacement	great	looked	awkward			great replacement for the ruger mini -14 oem handguard ! very well made and sturdy handguard for the rugermini -14 doesn not have the operating rod cover like the ruger oem handguard , which is a plus to me as the oem handguard looked awkward while attached to the rifle . the vented handguard looks a lot sleeker and fits easily and securely on the mini -14 in fact , now my mini -14 looks like a scaled down version of my springfield m 1 . strongly recommend this handguard to pretty up your mini -14 mini -30
1			highlander	original	highlander	entertaining	hecklers	good	praise	bad	art	great no	stuff	bad			what would joel , tom servo and crow say ? where are the mystery science theater 3000 guys when you need them ? the original highlander was , if not great art , at least original and entertaining . one of my favorite guilty pleasures , in fact . don not ecpect more of the same call this remarkably bad sequal egregious would be to heap upon it extravagant and undeserved praise . the only thing that might make this movie bearable is an audience of good hecklers . trust me on this this is really and truly bad stuff . really .
2			setup	easy	knowledge	advanced	inkjet	nice	setup	tedious	printing	good	price	great			nice network inkjet . if you need an inkjet with wireless , ethernet and usb network capibility at a great price , this is a no brainer . picked mine up for around $ 165 shipped . good quality printing and almost as fast as my b w laser in default mode . setup is easy but tedious . using wireless and ethernet at the same time is possible , but requires some advanced networking knowledge .
2			read	great			a must read book . this book goes with the others books in this series and is a great read . well worth the money and very gripping .
1			streaks	horrible	lamp	new	purchase	poor	lamp	old	idea	bad			poor purchase . brought this hoping to replace my old oem lamp . bad idea , this new lamp throws horrible blue / red and yellow streaks all over the screen that we are not there before . buyer beware
2			button	next	sinatra	great			some stars , some duds . we bought this cd thinking it was from the tribute to heroes telethon . not ! some of the recordings are beautiful celine dion's god bless america among them , but there are a lot of duds that i find myself hitting the next button on the cd player . frank sinatra may have been great in his day , but the recording sounds very dated and tinny . should have been re mastered . if it wasn not for the fact that proceeds from sales are going to the twin towers fund , i would really regret having paid money for this falsely advertised cd , but at least it was for charity .
2			book	next	rock	classic	it	suck	books	modern	books	great	rock	modern	book	good			awe shum ! ! teen reveiwer d . very good book i devoured this book and the second . it sucks i gotta wait until sunday for my next book ! d . im addicted , i was reading the invisable man , now i stopped reading it . i just complain about my one book per week deal xd . great books . ! ! crc se the kid who reads classics , listens to classic rock , listens to modern rock , and reads some modern books . who also likes useing smileys d ! !
2			pictures	detailed	kraft	new	book	great			filled with errors . this has been a great reference book for years , but hasn not been getting better , instead getting filled with more and more errors . the new fiesta , harlequin , and kitchen kraft dinnerwares the homer laughlin china collectors association book has more detailed and better pictures than any other book . i would buy them both , but use this one the lea st
1			sacrifice	final	fantasy	final	movies	worst			one of the worst movies i have seen in a long time . to call final fantasy the spirits within science fiction is an insult to the genre . the appallingly badly written script is not about science , it is about some hokey earth spirit mysticism connected with ghosts , and splices together all the usual clichs of the late 20 h century beautiful mother earth , an evil technocratic dictator , a final noble sacrifice for love . it bored me to tears . even the animation , which was supposed to be its selling point , was unconvincing . the planes and angles of each character's face may be well rendered , but they moved like marionettes , and the prevaling darkness of all scenes probably a deliberate attempt to give it a film noir look just made it visually muddy and advice save your money . there is nothing about this movie that is redeeming enough to make it worth owning .
1			edition	poor			poor quality kindle edition . this review is specifically for the kindle edition by the publisher public domain books . there are several typographical errors in this edition that are not present in other versions ; the formatting is poor , with no block quoting for long quoted passages ; and most glaringly , a whole paragraph is left out near the beginning of the book early in chapter 2 . skip this version , and get the higher quality version from project gutenberg .
1			it	bad	father	old			even if you lurve jude law , don not buy this movie ! it is just bad . really really bad . i bought it only because 1 it was under $ 5.00 nd 2 my 65 year old father asked for it . enough said .
2			i	disappointed	sound	typical	oo	bad no	album	amazing	you	beautiful			quickly forgotten . the first album was amazing , and i was looking forward to the release of this album . when i got it , i was disappointed . i don not think it begins to compare with not oo bad you are beautiful . i have heard many bands of this style of music go from smaller labels to bigger ones , and they have done a much better job with keeping material consistent . i think the guitar line up changes are part of the reason , however it seems as if the songwriting on the whole isn not as well thought out . gone the dynamic , replaced by a more typical hardcore sound . had this been their only material , i don not think i would have pursued listening to from autumn to ashes .
2			day	next	grade	great	pictures	great	it	cool			great pictures but it broke the next day ! ! so so so mad ! ! ! hi its me agin i got this camera because i got great grade i had a b in math c in pe im fat a in science a in english a in world cultures and an a in filipino that rounds up to a 3.5 gpa back to my camera it broke the next day i cried i used it only one day but it dose have great pictures my friends said that it was cool and when i told then that it broke they were sad so thats why im getting thr sony cyber shot t 7 for my b day ! but im still mad i do not like konica minolta ! {
1			waste	complete	mechanism	terrible	product	worst			the worst product ever . this product does not work . mechanism to take the diaper from top into the waste basket is terrible and does not work . a complete waste of money .
2			i	wrong	i	married	downtown	classic	artists	great	version	definitive	pantheon	critical	artists	underrated			more than just a pretty face . rolling stone , q and other music magazines constantly trumpet the great underrated artists of all time the velvet underground , the mc 5 iggy & the stooges , blah blah blah . well there's one name missing from the critical pantheon , and that's mrs miller . correct me if i m wrong , but i have never heard lou reed sing with the passion that mrs miller harnesses on her definitive version of the petula clark classic downtown . my one regret is that mrs miller is already taken . if she was miss miller or even ms miller , there would be a line of worthy suitors around the block . and although i am very happily married i would be in that line . a combination of looks and talent this lethal comes along maybe once every 5 000 years . i m sure my better half would understand . by the way , does anyone know if this is the same mrs miller that used to sit in the audience of the merv griffin show every night ?
2			cap	separate	looks	great	drawback	major	rd	good			hard to fill . the can looks and feels great . the major drawback is that it's missing a separate fill hole / cap . in order to put gas in the can , you need to remove the funnel . the wear and tear on the funnel looks like it could cause the funnel to break easily . no mention anywhere that you can obtain replacement funnels . otherwise , the one handed operation of the can has a good feel although the balance with a full can is somewhat ackwa rd
1			mechanics	hard	game	worst	element	good	story	excellent	game	best			indigo prophecy review . ok , so this game was the best game i had ever played until about 2 3 of the way through it , then it became the worst game i had ever played . the infamous indigo prophecy syndrome exists , and this is where it all began . story is excellent until the middle , and the mechanics are hard to master , but that is a good element to the for buying the game ? probably not worth more than $ 20.00 maybe even less at this day and age . thrilling and worth the effort to play , but looking it up on wikipedia is probably sufficient .
2			ms	proble	it	expensive no	it	great	gps	small			bought it for the rerouting feature that older version did not have . i enjoy using this product on long trips when i want a larger screen to navigate . i used this on my trips from philadelphia to niagra falls and philadelphia to washington dc without any proble ms i will say that the gps would sometimes not be recognized or at least pick up a signal sometimes when running the application so i had to restart the application and sometimes my laptop for it to work . not sure if that was just my computer but just reporting that it happened while using . i like how easy it is to use and you can see lots of roads around you and not just what a small gps only unit would show . i like the fuel calculating feature and the speed display on the unit as well . very happy with purchase because it is inexpensive and great to navigate from a 14 inch laptop screen than a 5 gps .
2			books	great	book	great			adventures of captain al scabbard . this is a great kids books as not only is their intrigue and action but you see the super hero deal with life decisions that help kids deal with there issues . great book
2			it	great	rice	easy	cooker	regular			krups rice cooker / slow cooker / steamer . the krups rice is very versatile and easy to use . you don not have to set the timer for the rice cooking , it automatically knows when to switch to the rice warming part . i liked the slow cooker too , i just set the timer and leave it and not worry about the soup getting burned like the regular slow cooker . the only sucky part of cooking the rice is that once the rice is cooked , the rice get's crusty on the bottom of the pan . it's great if you want a rice cooker that is versatile .
2			way	great	supplements	expensive	taste	terrible	diet	difficult			be careful . before this book came out there was an article about it in the women's world magazine . in fact on the jacket of the book it reads , as seen in women's world . i ordered the book after reading about the diet in the magazine . it sounded like a great way to go but i was disapointed . after reading the book i realized that someone was trying to hide the fact that this diet is extremely difficult if not imposible to do on your own . the book's author runs a detox center , where , if you want to spend thousands of dollars you will have someone waiting on you hand and foot while you do the diet . that is about the only way you are going to do the diet . the supplements taste terrible and are very expensive . the book never talks about that of course . in fact i believe the author of the book tried to hide many facts about the diet deep inside the book or left them out completely . so , be careful , it's not what it see ms the book was poorly written in my opinion .
1			grace	real	fiction	historical	sentence	bad	prose	superb	grace	poor			psychological character study extraordinaire . alias grace has long been recommended to me but i only just read it because the story , a piece of historical fiction of a 1840 canadian murderess , didn not sound particularly appealing . well my only regret is not having read the book story itself , on face value , is rather ordinary . teenage girl and apparent boyfriend both kill their employers . however the girl grace is enigmatic and , as such , her actual guilt is brought into question . all this is explained very early in the novel . but then atwood does a wonderful job of going into the mind and soul of our poor grace ; we are intrigued , disgusted , and feel compassion for this strange creature . the author then deftly reveals , in minute stages , what the real grace is all about . the results are , and ms atwood is a brilliant writer . her prose is superb , to the point where you wonder if she can write a bad sentence . bottom line among atwood's be st a must read .
2			val	funny	cds	previous	one	new	brood	awesome			wwf volume 3 gave a stunner to all the previous sucky cds . this cd rocks all the previous and so called wrestling cds . get rid of sable , odditties , dude love , and shamrocks . love the rock's music wished it was his new one , wished that mankind's newest one was on there , val's was funny as always , brood's was gothically awesome , and dx members music was the be st but the number 1 hit theme entrance was stone cold's because he just plain kicks @$$ ! !
1			f	bad	reviews	mixed	mistake	big			don not bother ! after reading mixed reviews , i purchased this product . it was to be used outside but wasn not tried out until several months later . big mistake ! i m sure the haw 300 f is as bad . if you turn your head , you lose the signal even well within range even in the same room ! garbage !
1			he	boring	they	suck	all	hate	it	suck	movies	suck	it	bad			don not listen to the other reviewers it sucked ! i did not like spiderman 2 at all . it was like watching a soap opera movie or something with no action in it . all there is , is just graphics there's not any fighting in it . doc ock wasn not a villian at all he was just tryin to go after spiderman for what he did to him and all . i don not really see tobey maguire as spiderman that much he just wasn not right at all . kirsten dunst was allright as mj and she's georgeous . i wouldn not mind having a girl like that . james franco would have been a better spiderman than tobey maguire . why did they had to choose tobey ? i hate tobey maguire and all of his movies they suck and he's also boring who never says a wo rd but anyways don not waste your money on this movie it's very bad . that goes along with the first spiderman . both spiderman movies suck !
2			product	great	water	electric	bill	electric			saving $$$ . what a great product . i use it on our water heater electric . shuts off at night , turns on in the morning . electric bill has been reduced . i would recommend this for anyone with anh electric water heater . gjfparma oh 44134
1			clutch	defective	show	bad	model	defective	speed	low	drill	new	drill	old	torque	highest	it	defective	drill	defective	it	normal	gear	low			the clutch is defective . after one return for a new drill and then trying several drills at the depot , and two calls to dewalt , i finally got the answer to why the clutch does not work in low gear the drill is defective . the dewalt tech put it this way we designed it to work in all speeds , but that's just the way it came out . in other words , the production model is defective . i have an old 2 speed 18 drill , and the clutch works as it should in the 0 -450 rpm range . the xrp clutch does not work in the 0 -450 range . since low speed has the highest torque , this is where you most need a clutch ! wait for dewalt to fix this ! they know it is defective , but are trying to tell everyone it is normal . bad show .
1			i	surprised	it	normal	results	poor			worked great . until it didn not . i used this rotary cutter all of 3 times and then the blade suddenly went dull on me . i was surprised at how little i had used it and it was already time to change the blade ? i decided to go with another brand because i asked some other people if it was normal . one of my friends had never changed a blade and has been sewing for several years . i learned my lesson from buying something so cheap and then getting poor results .
2			journey	incredible	whn	surprised	music	great	world	new	it	incredible	atmospheres	emotional			an incredible journey . it is almost incredible what happened in germany decades ago , this kind of music opens a whole dimenssion , deep emotional atmospheres , a must have for everybody who is in this kind of music . and many younger people looks very surprised whn they find these great music was born decades ago . all my praise for this album , i feel i get into a new world it si very intense sensation .
2			looks	good	i	glad	it	due	number	high	price	great	cover	great			great cover for a great price . this thing is a beast ! we live in the northeast where the summer gets to be 100 and the winter is down to 0 with all the wind , rain , sleet and snow you could imagine and this thing takes it all in stride . i bought it due to the high number of 5 star reviews and i m glad i did . i wouldn not be surprised if it's bullet proof . i have had it for 2 years and it still looks as good as the day it showed up on the doorstep .
2			song	terrible	songs	great	player	great			some great songs . i really liked this . i couldnt get enough of the intros to fly like an eagle , and jet airliner . steve miller was a great guitar player and he can equally sing . take the money and run was one of my very first songs and i have listened to that for over 5 years as well as rockin me . the joker in my opinion is a terrible song and sux . this is really good and i highly recommend it .
2			taste	great	quarrel	small	sale	recent	singer	good			her first release , my first exposure , but a decade apart . i had heard about jane over the years , but until i found this cd at a recent garage sale , had not heard her . i like this very much , with my only criticism being that the disc might have benefitted from one or two uptempo tracks . however , that is a small quarrel with a surprisingly good singer , who has great taste in the mellow songs selected , and who is backed by a wonderful group of players . if you like female jazz vocalists , whether of the classic 40 s through 60 s era , or the contemporary 90 s not il now or both as i do this album is likely to please you .
1			movie	worth no	story	bad			waste of time ! bad story , bad acting except for terry o quinn and just bad ! i made the mistake of paying a matinee price to see it in the theater so i hope you will heed my warning when i say , this movie is not worth the cost of the video tape it is printed on . if you must pay . for something , send me the check instead . at least you will know it's going to something worthwhile like a burger and shake from sonic .
2			d	sexy	book	great	pictures	sexy			i love howie . d ! i think this book was great . i loved the pictures and howie d is soo sexy and needs to be noticed . he gets the most attention from me !
2			gelee	hard	reviews	great	nothing	special			nothing special . i bought this after reading all of the great reviews on the web but it is nothing special . i get much better results for my waves / curls with biosilk rock hard gelee . the brhg is cheaper & i can find at cvs . i wish i had saved my money . i will use it but will not repurchase .
1			book	bad no	i	glad	romance	historical	review	good	review	bad	book	bad	reviews	bad	novels	historical	book	good			0 . i like it its a historical romance and that's how it was back then . i admit he was a little harsh and crass at times but i really did like the historical romance novels are like that and i have read worst with actual rape not nearly raped . if you can not handle this book then you should go for that romance candle light dinner thing harlequin present books not hating on harlequin books i love them , but other than that i thought the book was good not bad for johanna early workits like i always say a bad review can really downplay a good book and a good review can really up play a bad book , because of some of the bad reviews for this book i almost didn not read it but i m glad i change my mindi liked the read but a lot of people doesn not feel the same . but give it a try and see what you think .
1			it	fine	he	active	diarreah	bad	cat	old	he	healthy			my cat got diarreah from it . i bought this for my twelve year old cat , who is in excellent condition . i thought i would start giving him this supplement as to prevent any signs of aging and figured , if anything , it wouldn not do any harm . i would open the capsules and pour the powder into his usual mix of wet and dry food and he ate it all fine . didn not even seem to notice . after the first week , i noticed he started getting bad diarreah so i immediately went online to do some research only to find out that one of the side effects are / can be vomitting and / or diarreah and some other ones . i immediately took him off it . i also didn not see any improvement but that might be because he was healthy and active to begin with . my advice if it ain not broke , don not try to fix it ! hope this helps !
2			cooking	italian	cookbook	fantastic	essence	real	flavors	rich			absolutely fantastic cookbook ; ours is dog eared and stained with pasta sauce from use . when i worked outside harvard square , cambridge , one of the highlights of the day was walking down the street to cremaldi's . catherine is an amazing cook , and although it's been many years i still cook her red sauces and tonight , in fact , i m planning to make the stuffed peppers . also contains a recipe for bagna calda sp ? a recipe my family used to make but which i have never seen on the menu of any italian is the real essence of italian cooking , imo rich flavors from simple ingredients . buy it !
2			it	great	idea	great	frequencies	normal	they	cheap	baby	new	monitors	different			great idea but falls short . if you remove the idea of using this for a baby monitor then it's great . my new baby loves the sound and light show . the monitoring function , though , leaves a lot to be desired . too much static to be of any use . in it's defense , it has been my experience that pretty much all baby monitors that use normal walkie talkie frequencies do not work . think about it , as a kid we all used walkie talkies and they didn not work beyond about 15 feet . but they were cheap and we were kids and didn not know better . these baby monitors are no different . if you need a monitor either look into higher prices ones that run at higher frequencies 900 hz or 2.4 hz that may actually work or buy one at a garage sale . don not ever buy a baby monitor new . unless it's just for the sound and light show .
2			video	great			bsb all access . this was a great video that any fan would enjoy . in the first part of the video aj takes you on a tour of the set of every body you then go behind the scenes of as long as you love me . you see each of the guys and they talk to the camera while doing the video . plus , you see 4 of their oldest videos and some eropean concert scenes .
2			sound	great	i	satisfied	i	happy	vinyl	original	album	solid	i	excited	version	expensive	version	real			a solid album from yesteryear . i have always loved this album and initially had the vinyl album , and still do . i was excited to see this cd r version available because the real cd version is too expensive , for me anyway . the reason i m writing this review is because i read another that stated the sound quality is tinny and doesn not sound good at all . this is not true , at least with the disc i got . if you have the original vinyl album this sounds exactly the same . i don not know if they remixed and remastered that vinyl album for the official cd version when it was released , maybe they did and it sounds better than the vinyl , but this cd r version sounds exactly like the album i have , and is not inferior in any way . i didn not think it sounded tinny and all , it has a great bass sound to it . for the price , i am very satisfied , and so happy to finally have a cd i can play in the car ! !
2			they	definitive no	brendel	amazing	introduction	great	survey	good	sampling	solid	collection	great			great collection ! this is a great introduction to haydn and his music . first and foremost , i love the concertos in the set . the cello concertos are brilliantly performed , and the trumpet concerto is also really neat . the soloist's tone in the trumpet concerto is very lush sounding , as is the cellist although that is to be expected from a cellist and trumpet player of that prestige . the symphonies on the first disc are performed very well , and are a good survey of haydn's masterpieces . though among the best , they are not definitive . alfred brendel is amazing as usual with the variations in highly recommended for anyone looking to build a haydn library , or just have a solid sampling of his works .
2			library	current	change	nice	classics	great	they	free			add it . download all the great classics possible . they are usually free and can be a nice change to our current library .
2			beads	fun	blocks	nice	magnets	nice	tool	great	wood	sturdy			better than expected ! the quality of this learning cube is higher than i expected . the wood is sturdy , and the blocks and magnets are nice and weighty . the abacus is a great ancient learning tool and the busy beads are fun . my kids love magnets and use them interchangably with the fridge magnets . beware that some maxim learning cubes have been recalled ! this model has not been recalled , but i still checked our cube over very carefully to make sure the busy bead wire doesn not pull out of the lid , etc , in case this model was constructed in the same way as the recalled models .
2			it	easy	it	great			excellent . it is great for life in general and helps you find focus , in my experience because of depression and anxiety . i think though that it would appeal to a range of readers , it is written very well and is easy to absorb .
1			waste	total	songs	worst			dirty bubblegum pop . 0 10 . this is one of the worst songs ever made . it has no meaning and is an excuse for n sync to score another only reason they sell records is because girls find the guys hot , the n sync fans dont listen to the quality of the music they just like it because they find the boys hot . n sync is a total waste in the music business they are all .
1			vocals	pleasant	genre	bad	singer	bad			worthless . more faceless , worthless arena rock from the late 70 s / early 80 s . along with styx , and reo speedwagon , journey represens the worst of a painfully bad genre , with each being fronted with a really bad lead singer whose vocals are even less pleasant than nails being raked across a chlakboa rd
1			guys	painful	it	bad	land	enjoyable	movies	outstanding	it	flat	movies	worst			the other guys . i which i say the other movie , i had feelings that this movie wasn not going to be good and i hoped it was going to be , but it was just flat out stupid . i even liked ferrell's stupidest movie that he says that is his worst , land of the lo st i loved land of the lost , which was in fact dumb , but actually enjoyable . the other guys was just painful to watch , i was consistently waiting for the movie to end . i usually love will ferrell's movies , but he hasn not made any outstanding movies recently . i believe this has to be one of the worst movies he's made to date . it was just as bad as grown ups .
1			look	similar	metal	thin	supports	great no			cheap cheap . this frame along with many other cheap metal frames that look similar . are exactly that . cheap . they work good for a room that will not see much traffic . or for temporary use with intent to toss it afterwards . the metal is very thin , the welds are minimal , and the supports are not that great . the mattress that normally comes with these is about 2 nch thick and feels every bit of elite 35 -4914 -050 is another one of these cheap products .
2			player	great			guitar legend ! jerry will always be missed for being the great guitar player he was and if you are looking to get started with his music this is the album to buy first ! key track amos moses .
2			it	industrial no	something	nice	shapers	industrial	shop	small	customer	great	i	pleased	rpm	fast			plenty of shaper . i have owned this unit for about 2 years now . it has done everything that i have asked it to do , and i am a pretty demanding customer . i run a millwork shop and have used this thing for cutting door stiles and mouldings . my only gripe would be the lack of more speed adjustments . 7000 rpm is pretty fast when you swinging a 4 nch corrugated head from it . overall , i am pleased . if you say that delta doesn not supply great customer support , your crazy . in 15 years i have been in contact with them at least once a year and they are always very polite and knowledgable . i have even had them warranty something that was out of warranty just to be nice . i didn not even have to fuss . this unit has run side by side with the industrial shapers in the shop and has never failed . it is heavy duty , but not industrial . would be great for a cabinet shop or for a small millwork shop .
2			soundtrack	ultimate	vocals	great			still groovy after all these years . the barbarella soundtrack on cd is a dream come true . i own the vinyl album and have loved the music for years . the soundtrack flows with the essence of the late 1960 s music as in the movie . all the music from the album is on the cd , although , albeit a glich or what , the song tracking does not coinside with the song titles . the tracking is one number off . number 4 sky ride shows as number 5 on my cd player but the tracking is corrected when track numbers 16 and 17 are combined dead duck and the pill . all the great vocals for barbarella , love , love , love drags me down and an angel is love are on the cd . if you enjoyed the music from the movie , this cd is a must ! this is my ultimate soundtrack next to the in like flint / our man flint by jerry goldsmith .
2			info	good	child	basic	handbook	great			great handbook for parents . this comes from the aap , so the info is all good . i like the straight forward facts without having to read someone's biases . i have already had 2 children , but i thought i could use something to fall back on . the pictures , and now some of the basic child care such as cleaning the umbilical cord with alcohol , are a bit outdated in this edition , but overall i would recommend this to anybody who is a parent .
2			cheapest	great	one	good	camera	great	camera	best			great camera . i want to thank amazon , the price is the cheapest the product great , people who think differently have no idea about what they have bought what do you expect ? if you want the best camera pay trhee times the price , but for me this one is very very good ! ! ! ! !
2			it	good	he	old	son	old	product	great			play time . i love this product . my son is only 6 eeks old but he loves playing on the mat . he has been playing on it since he was 2 weeks old . it is really good for tummy time because he can watch the lights and track them . i also like that the toys hang low enough for him to kick them but are not put in areas that get in his way . i could go on and on about thing i like it is a great product .
2			charge	great			love this perfume ! i have been wearing this perfume for years and i still love it . great charge twice as much in a department store !
1			position	high	designer	graphic	images	nice	book	bad			nice images knock off the text games ! not a bad book if you like near dark or dark photography . but the body text of a book is a terrific place to tell your graphic designer to chill out & stop fooling around with type effects . this book adopts a grating playful approach to text that defies you to read it . 120 page of three to ten enlarged words jumping out at you for no reason . example p 58 a high position has given a commanding view . such images can have a creative as well as a historic purpose . i would pay a few dollars to punch this graphic designer very ha rd
2			peretti	capable	story	great			underwelmingly dull . it takes more than just never ending fight scenes and running through a labrynth in the dark to make a great story . by about half way through the book i was weary of what was reading like a cheap first person shooter . i know that frank peretti is capable of so much more depth of character and richness of description . there was so much more in the characters that could have been develolped . they could have expanded on their pasts and brought them convincingly to an understanding of sin . there were also way to many scenes in the book with people trying to decide if they should kill each other or not . it got really , really dull .
2			book	next	family	great			one of the best in the amelia peabody series . i thought this was one of the best in the amelia peabody series and i have read every one ! the suspence held to the end due to the deepening relationship between ramses and nefret . i am enjoying reading how all the characters are growing together . what a great family ! i couldn not wait to get to the end but i didn not want it to end . the cliffhanger at the end is a wonderful touch ! i can not wait for the next book !
2			book	great	book	nasty	thing	good			are you a teacher or a parent ? here is some advice . i do not think this is a good thing for kids to be reading . how people can find this a great book . unless they have a likng for revolting things . i do not understand . example from the red pony steinbeck describes how a boy mushes a vultures head not il it's a red pulp . and cutting the horses throat not il the mucus comes out in a stream . do you really want your kids or students reading this ? i warn you . if you don not like revolting things , don not read this nasty book . please don not force kids to read this ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
1			dimensions	new	need	bad	hits	original no	me	free	hits	original	hits	greatest	recordsin	international	energy	high			justice is in bad need to be served . i have purchased one too many three degrees greatest hits albu ms wishing and hoping to find the original hits from her two ariolaamerica albu ms have any record company consider reissuing them ? in addition to their hits with philadelphia international recordsin the early seventies ; their two ariola albums marked the peak of their career during 1978 -79 this where produced by giorgio moroder during disco music glory days . unfortunately , the songscontained here from those albums are not the original hits . need less to say that the abscence of ms sheila ferguson kills the the high energy spirit of those tacks givin up , givin in , the runner , set me free and jump the gun . i hope that ariola america / bmg take note of my request and reissue new dimensions and three d in cd format for the delight of the fans . justiceis in bad need to be served .
1			novels	worst	newspaper	flat			so this is it ? i looked forward to reading this novel with all the glowing reviews but in retrospect i wish i had paid more attention to the 1 star reviews . they were 100 right . there is not a single aspect of this novel i can recommend . the writing is ordinary , nothing exceptional at all . the storytelling ? it's like reading the newspaper , flat and uninteresting . the story itself ? ok , there are a few interesting scenes , some shocking ones , too , but most of the book goes nowhere , even when it is covering years and decades , which is a neat trick . it has no energy of the very worst novels i have read in a long long time .
2			conditions	different	reference	great	challenges	natural	rainfall	regular	southwest	high	book	small	southwe	high			excellent resource for the arid , high elevation southwest . this book is a great reference and introduction to the ways to work with the natural challenges of growing food in the high elevation southwe st i am in santa fe , nm and have found many of these techniques and plant list suggestions invaluable . many other gardening books are based on experience in more temperate , moist climates with totally different soil conditions . this book fits those of us without the benefit of regular rainfall and decent soil . small format book , decent illustrations and planting suggestions .
2			product	great	coo	little	jayson	old	mommy	new	it	worth	he	old			must have for every new mommy . my son jayson is almost 3 ths old , and he loves this mat ! this product is great , cause it is something he has used since he was about 4 weeks old , and he loves to stare at all the toys . now he has discovered that he can kick them , and touch them , , and the mirror he absolutely loves ! i highly recommend this mat , it is well worth the money when you see your little coo , and giggle to his animal friends ha , ha , ,
2			lover	new	secret	terrible	story	nice	nothing	special	actress	great	distinction	clear			a non breathtaking story read by a great actress . this is a review of book on cassette . the story itself is nothing special . it isn not clear why dana is so afraid to let her new lover in on her terrible secret has asthma . everything else comes down to a nice story , perhaps worth listening to on your way to work in the morning . the acting of the performer , smith cameron is what livens up this story . she reads sensuously , beautifully , perfectly matching the voices of each of the characters , making a clear distinction between them . it's a pleasure to listen to .
2			sound	great	subwoofer	heavy	heavy	big	system	great	you	satisfied	bang	best	subwoofer	worth	quality	solid	amount	incredible	deal	great			logitech z -2300 . in the shortest and most helpful way possible these speakers are the best bang for your buck speakers you can buy in the 2.1 speaker category . the subwoofer alone is worth the price , and the speakers are a bonus . you will be completely satisfied . of course , this can not compete with a system that costs 5 times more , but for about a hundred bucks , this is a great deal . they are well built ; pretty solid quality . with the bass knob in the 0 -60 range , and the volume at about 15 -45 , the sound is just great . with the bass maxed , the system delivers an incredible amount of bass past 40 volume . but , this is great for music that really utilizes bass , such as dubstep . highly recommended for someone looking for a great speaker system for their computer , but doesn not want to spend a side note , the subwoofer is pretty big and heavy , so make sure you have the space for it .
2			features	extra	wife	expensive	tracking	great	fertility	next	idea	good	it	easy			outdated product . it's a good idea and worked for us , but as others noted it's a very manual , and thus error prone , way to track this . my wife now uses an iphone app which is much easier to use and is also far less expensive . i recommend skipping this product and getting something digital to do this for you which will automatically track your fertility , estimate your next fertility , etc if you have an iphone i recommend ova which is the app my wife uses . it is easy to use and has great fertility tracking and extra features .
2			scenes	awesome	movie	good	extras	good			good movie and good extras . ps i love you is a good movie , and this dvd comes with deleted scenes and a commentary which i have yet to watch ! i don not typically like chick flicks , but i am a fan of this movie . the deleted scenes were awesome too !
2			acting	great	chemistry	great	movie	awesome			very entertaining . this movie was awesome . the acting was great . matt damon and emily blunt had great chemistry . it was a suspenseful , fast paced drama with an interesting storyline . overall , very well done !
2			sound	good	composers	great			period piece . if you love this transitional era of great english composers like byrd , weekes , etc you must have purcell . this has good sound , production , and musicians who understand the composer .
2			product	great			! great product , i use this to connect my wireless 360 controller so i can play minecraft on my dell . it had microsoft all over the product . i recommend this to anyone
1			youself	hate	thing	worst	rules	specific	product	worst	browsing	functional	features	advanced			the worst product i have ever seen . if you want to block ads , feature that will eventually block almost all functional web browsing , if you want to have the most awful experiencie with pop up you really really really hate youself and want to have a heart attack , then get super norton internet security ! ! specific rules on traffic does not work , the software behaves the way it way set by default and that's it ! forget about advanced features or anything that goes outside the tinny box you thing is the worst thing you could ever buy . i want my money back ! ! !
2			peak	real	recording	live	guitarist	great	quality	best	gem	real	tunes	good			a real gem . no doubt about it , this album is a real gem . the recording quality may be the best i have encountered for a live recording and the energy level is way up there , building to a real peak with the last two songs all along the watchtower and dear mr fantasy which , alone , make this album well worth the price of admission . if you are a dave mason fan , traffic fan or just a fan of good tunes played by a tight band lead by a great guitarist , don not pass up this album .
2			i	surprised	atmosphere	great	eras	golden			a misplace gem . without going into any plot details , if you are looking for a film from one of the golden eras of horror late 70 s / early 80 s you probably won not be disappointed . i was pleasantly surprised to discover it . flavours of texas chainsaw and friday the 13 h are sprinkled throughout , along with the slighted faded colours and cliched characters indicative of the time . great atmosphere and straight forward story . combine with alcohol , smoke and a friday night and you will be entertained . spooky !
1			palace	entire	novel	black	skin	smooth	clothes	tough	porn	soft	clothes	new	fi	poor	movie	soft	sands	bright	skin	soft	it	like	writing	poor			not like dara joy . this is the first jaid black novel i have read , and although i can really get into a steamy romance , the writing is poor . i found myself thinking that this is what it would be like to read a soft porn movie . actually , i have seen some soft porn that has better plots . additionally , i gave it only two stars because i like sci fi and the empress new clothes was tough to take because it was really poor sci fi . i mean , come on . how plausable is it that the sands that cover that world are all in bright , jewel tone colors , the entire palace is carved out of crystal , precious stones are everywhere and the slaves are really enchanted from the colored sands can not imagine their skin was too soft or smooth . i couldn not give it one star because despite all its flaws , i kept reading .
2			location	separate	clarity	great			vtech phones . excellent product , i have set them both up two units in separate location in my home , one upstairs one downstairs . clarity is great !
2			sets	authentic	actors	fantastic	seem	authentic	it	true	telling	best	job	good	tale	classic	reasons	main	telling	perfect	costumes	authentic			the best telling of pride and prejudice . this bbc telling of pride and prejudice is perfect . it is true to the story , the actors are fantastic , the sets and costumes seem to be more authentic than other p&p ; renditions . though it is a long haul 6 hours , it's a retelling of a long book , so it does a good , relatively thorough job . one can understand the motivations of the characters and the plot points much better than in other versions , which are so compressed for the same time , it manages not to be stuffy , but to carry over the humor inherent in this classic tale . it is one of the main reasons i picked up a jane austen book i never read austen in school , and nothing had drawn me to her before . for that reason , it is one of my favorite movies , ever .
2			lens	expensive	pictures	sharp	lens	good	lens	real	lens	great			good lens . great lens . im new to slr cameras . so i dont know how a real expensive lens is for comparison but i get sharp pictures with this lens , im using a canon t 2
2			grease	black	website	black	band	great	men	young	debut	incredible	angels	black			drooooonnnnneeeee . i can not get enough of this band . ever since i heard of them through the black keys website , i have been digging them like crazy . the black angels are a 6 piece psychedelic drone rock band from austin , tx . now when i say drone rock , i don not mean stuff like sunn o and earth , i mean more of the mid 60 s swirly sound of the rolling stones , along with the jagged punk of the velvet underground . songs such as empire , manipulation , and black grease have a long drone underneath it all , combined with excellent guitar playing , and a singer that brings jim morrison back from the dead . listen to better off alone and tell me it doesn not sound like the doors . there is also a feeling of urgency in the music , with a anti war message on songs like young men dead , the first vietnam war , and sniper at the gates of heaven . blues starts to incorporate into the later tracks , and you are left with an incredible debut that never gets old . i look forward to hearing more from this great band .
2			book	informative	book	basic	condition	great			siberian chipmunks . basic informative book on keeping siberian chipmunks as pets . my used copy was in great condition . chipmunks
1			representation	bad	cause	helpful	cause	good	other	exotic	it	nice	framework	typical			good cause , bad representation . i have read this book , and i must admit that the cause is indeed helpful , although it would be nice to focus on both girls and boys to address the problem of gender i did not like is the the overall representation of pakistanis as well as the writing involved . the writing reminds me of edward said's orientalism . the exotic other in the perception and presence of the american is bothering . it has the typical colonial framework all over . i suggest that one re read the book and keep this idea in mind . the book was mainly written for the american audience , after all .
2			groov	great			over reaching cd set . okay , i know i am going to get beat up on this review but i did buy the cd and am a fan of smashing pumpkins . however every now and then , a band makes too much music , and cannot determine what is good and what is bad . this is the case with sp . not only did they include a ton of cruddy songs on here , they also released around this time period a 5 cd set of b sides . sp was just making music to make music . and it is all too apparent . 1979 is a great groov , but there is nothing to hook it to on this recording . it is a sad recording . buy the single 1979 and save money .
2			music	popular	music	terrible	thing	great	music	good	music	great			some of these bands just don not belong . when i think of 2001 pop music , i think of . music where musicians not only not write their own music , they don not perform it either . songwriting is key in music , its the basis of all emotions within music . boy bands and these teeny boppers aren not music . its a shame that bands like u 2 radiohead , paul simon and beck have to be linked with such disgusting musicians as nsync , backstreet boys , christina aguilara , brittney spears and destiny's child . i have to give this album 1 star because it contains more than one song from teeny boppers . the great thing about the 60 s was not only that the music was great , the good music was popular . now , a lot of kids my age 16 don not know of bob marley , the grateful dead , or even jimi hendrix . it's a shame that pop music could be so terrible . peace and love .
2			emails	professional	prices	great	service	great	information	good	art	great	seller	comparable	seller	awesome			great customer service good condition information . i really wanted this box set mostly for the great art on each cover , and the quality of the books themselves . looks so much better than the cheesy movie cover ones . the seller was super awesome . he / she helped me see the condition of the books by showing me pics . very professional and courteous emails were sent to me also . the seller is comparable to gandalf , wielding the magic of great prices whilst being very helpful in my quest to purchase .
2			choruses	great			me encanta ! this is probably the best of lodvg's albu ms amaia's voice sounds beautiful , the choruses are great , lyrics are oustanding . beautiful beautiful album . i cannot believe how many times i listen to this cd a day without tiring of it ! i highly recommend it .
2			waste	real	dvd	big	events	specific	dvd	great			colossal disappointment . after many great dvd sets released by the wwe including ones for ric flair , the road warriors , brian pillman , world class wrestling , bret hart , etc , i expected greatness from this dvd . what i got was not only far from great , but seemed rushed and felt extremely bland . i expected interviews from peers and people in the business as well as spending more time on covering specific events . the segments covering the mcmahon feud , the hollywood blondes , time in ecw , etc , felt lackluster at be st i expected more matches as well including his first wwe title win , austin vs . hart submission match , and more . stone cold was an icon in wwe history and for this to be his big dvd . it's a real waste . very disappointed . i did like seeing him pushing ricky steamboat in the face though . that was hilarious . and that's where this dvd get's it's one star .
2			moments	great	fights	humorous	propwork	great	it	confusing			don not bother with part ii . fearless hyena is a fun , standard issue early jackie film , well worth seeing for any kung fu lover . the fights are all humorous , including a lot of great propwork as well as a fight in drag . the film isn not all that special , but i thoroughly enjoyed seeing it , and it has some great moments . fearless hyena ii is an absolute dog , however , and i wouldn not recommend it even for free . the storyline is so convoluted it is too confusing even to laugh at , let alone laugh with . buy the first film if you like early chan films , but don not bother with the second .
2			jekyl	great	show	great	hyde	great			great show ! ! is there anyone that can help me ? ? please . okay i thought jekyl and hyde was great when i went to see it but i saw the commercial for it on tv and it sounded different ! ! can nayone tell me what soundtrack of jekyl and hyde that this is the moment is on . you see i only want the recording that has the song that was featured in the commercial on tv ! !
1			i	disappointed	job	poor			could spit fire so mad at dewalt . i m so disappointed with dewalt at this moment . when i bought my first dewalt miter saw and bought the work station it comes with the four bolts to mount saw to mounting brackets . i just spent 600 for the sliding compound saw and ordered the dw 7231 mounting brackets another 50 bucks to be able to switch out saws as needed and what dewalt doesn not put the four bolts needed to mount saw in the box . now if you order the work station they put in the bolts , so if your ordering the mounting brackets why would they not put them in , this is a load of crock and a poor job by dewalt . while i love my dewalt work station and saws this really brings my blood pressure up . i will have to stop what i am doing and put about 35 miles on my truck to go to town and buy four bolts and nuts that should have been in the box . poor job on dewalts part .
2			product	great	copy	separate	drive	hard			don not waste your your money . i made the mistake of buying and loading xp on one of my machines at home . what a great product not ! ! no drivers for my video card , my cd burner , my wireless network , my hdtv interface , etc ; can not upgrade my hardware as usual ; get to send m$ all kinds of info about my machine just to use it ; have to buy an separate copy for each of my 5 the list goes on and on . luckily i installed it on my test machine so when i now have to reformat my hard drive to remove this parasite i won not be losing too much . just my time , money . .
1			music	suck	music	crappy	albums	worst			boring , trite junk that no one likes . get rich or die tryin is one of the worst rap albums available crappy music sucks till eternity . avoid at all any album from led zeppelin , pink floyd or cream instead .
1			shards	little	appliance	worst			piece of junk . this was the worst appliance that i have ever bought . the first time i turned it on the blade started bouncing up and down and it shredded the plastic dome . there was a smell of burnt copper in the air and little shards of plastic all over my counter . spend your money on something more worthwhile , you get what you pay for .
2			themes	odd	you	interested	bill	great	steve	old	experience	different	experience	odd			don not point that gun at him , he's an unpaid intern . steve zissou . bill murray is great in this film . his dark , snarky sense of humor fits very well with the character of steve zissou . director wes anderson always seems to give a surreal edge to his movies , dressing actors in bold colors and backdrops having cartoonish themes it makes for a different viewing experience that is not only odd but very much refreshing ! if you are interested in viewing the life of a washed up scientist along with his quirky team zissou then look no course things could turn around for old steve , but you will have to experience it for yourself as the viewer .
2			rock	greatest	vocals	unbelievable	nation	powerful	melodies	great			u gotta check this from zero out . i can not say anything else than a . w . e . s . o . m . e . piece of music ! from zero's debut album one nation under is very powerful and the melodies are great too , despite the hard hitting guitars . 5 stars is not the accurate way to praise this album it should be 55 at least ! its unbelievable vocals and rhythms make from zero definitely one of the greatest rock metal bands around .
1			listener	good	cry	good	anne	poor			the joys and pains of being a good listener . poor mary anne ! she really got stuck when jessi and mallory shoved her in the middle of their fight . i loved how mary anne insisted that the two of them work out their argument by sitting them in her living room . i also just knew mary anne the champion crier was going to end up in tears by the time jessi and mallory started growing up and talking . mary anne needed that good cry in the end . i hope mallory isn not away for long ; i would miss her too like the bsc . good hanukkah christmas tale on peacemaking .
2			pain	great	mfc	best	material	good	you	amazed	book	great			the best mfc companion . are you still amazed what's going on behind the scenes ? if yes , buy this ! it's a great book to enjoy exploration of mfc . navigate with it and then try yourself . you will probably find america . i would say , authors have taken a great pain to construct such a good material .
2			cd	modern	jazz	classic	money	worth	music	good	cd	great	remix	free			really great jazz cd . jazz fans everywhere are raving about the album sonic tonic by ron blake . the album was produced by soul / alternative artist meshell ndegoeocello . if you like good jazz music you will enjoy this set . the actual cd includes 11 tracks . there is also a bonus disc included which includes remixes by carlos mena , dj spinna , jahi sundance , osulade & transdub massive . the cd is quite funky , trendy and modern . people who enjoy classic jazz will still dig this cd , but the younger crowd may also enjoy it . one song i particularly enjoyed was tom blake dj spinna free radikalz remix . with the bonus cd you really get your money's worth !
2			it	ok	doesn	old	features	great			ok for kids . this film has great features except that if your child understands underlying comments and actions , this may not be the be st my 4 year old doesn not understand yet , so it is ok .
2			novel	historical	illustration	beautiful	history	good	injustice	great	war	civil	novel	biblical			not what i expected . in a sense , a biblical novel is a historical novel . the writer must not inject her own theories that run perpendicular to the grain of history or to the scriptures . a writer of an american civil war history , for instance , would be doing his readers and history itself a great injustice if he portrayed abe lincoln as a pacifi st the red tent does just this sort of thing . joseph married and had two sons , both blessed by jacob and both becoming patriarchs to a half tribe of israel . he was a heterosexual , but ms diamant portrays joseph as a homosexual . this is not only historically innacurate but offensive to conservative jews and to others who take the torah seriously . not only is the book not based on good history or the scripture , it is not a very well written book quite boring in fact . i give it one star because the cover illustration is beautiful .
2			balls	little	fit	great	value	great	they	hot no	i	concerned	ones	fresh	hands	large			fit great , great value , feels comfy . i was a bit concerned about the fit when i ordered these . i have pretty large hands , so usually gloves that are one size fits all don not actually fit me . these fit just perfect . not too long to chafe my wrists , or too short to expose my pal ms the nylon also seems to reduce sweatiness , or at least the perception of it . they are not too hot and breathe really downside i see is that my wife says they are scratchy , when i touch her with them on . and they sometimes snag a little or get those little balls on the fingers depending on what surfaces you are working with . but that's a very very very minor issue , and having 12 of them means i can have 6 in the wash and 6 fresh ones ready to go .
2			novel	great	book	next	bit	little	job	great	i	pleased	bits	little			great zombie novel ! having picked this book up , i found that i really couldn not put it down easily . the author does a great job of slipping in the back story of the end of civilization as we know it . you keep finding out little bits and pieces of what has happened to the world and where are all of the people bit by bit . i am particularly pleased that the author chose to make his zombies , zombies and not the carl lewis , sprint faster than the wind zombies that were in the last dawn of the dead movie . these zombies shamble which is what they do quite well . really enjoyed the building tension . a little bit bummed though that this is only part one of three . it ends on a bit of a cliff hanger but that's not going to stop me from ordering the next book in the series .
2			book	particular	footnotes	great	book	fantastic	footnotes	functional			book great , but footnotes nonfunctional in kindle edition . this book is fantastic , but i give the kindle edition only 1 star because the footnotes are completely nonfunctional in the kindle edition . the footnote links are dead and the footnotes themselves are nowhere to be found in the book that is , you can not manually navigate to them . there are a great many footnotes in this scholarly work and you would not want to do without them . amazon confirmed to me that this particular book does not have functional footnotes , so it's not just user can return a kindle book within 7 days of the purchase date , so i returned the book got a refund within hours thank you , amazon ! and bought the paperback copy instead . i hope someday they will fix the footnotes , because the 700 page paperback is rather hefty and i would love to buy this again on kindle if it is fixed .
2			bag	great	lashing	useful	material	sturdy			great camera bag . great bag , inside is configurable with the velcro dividers . i can easily fit all my gear in it . smaller front zippered pouch can fit a book and the other zippered pocket can hold my laptop 14 . it has accessory straps all over but i removed them you can easily put them back on if needed . i also took a tip from one of the reviewers and sewed the buckle strap across the front for added security , simple needle and thread job . front lashing is very useful and the overall material of the bag is very sturdy .
1			molds	bad			ridiculously bad molds . while i am having fun putting this together , it is by far the worse model i have ever seen . every piece , no matter how small , has a vent on it . and 19 times out of 20 its on the side that people see . for example , right in the middle of the nicely grained wood doors is this ugly circle . even after i file down level it still looks like i said , i m still having fun .
2			correspondance	personal	biography	great	man	great	photographs	various	array	fantastic	school	high			the rise of a great biography . edmund morris has created a fantastic array of history coupled with a consideration as to how roosevelt felt during the events . the research performed by the author denotes an accute attention to detail and still keeps the reader's compilation of various photographs and a strategic use of roosevelt's personal correspondance orient the reader to the great man that he truly was . this book , while long is written in such a way that enthusiasts of high school and above should be able to plow through the heaps of material and see the fruit of of their labor by enjoying such a splendid work .
2			topic	great	ads	personal	gift	great	job	great			fun with personals . as recommended i read this book in snippets , as opposed to all at once . what fun ! this book reminds us that not much has changed really when it comes to searching for love , and lifetime author did a great job of selecting a diverse selection of personal ads . some were humorous , some bittersweet , and some , purely book would make a great gift , could be used as a conversation starter , or a great topic for a book club .
2			tv	great			love this show ! ! such a great tv show , one of my favourites . it came quickly with no damages to the box . very happy
2			performance	great	it	great			the replacement killers blu ray . i saw the replacement killers when first released on video and thought it was great than again on dvd with a better picture & sound and now on blu ray with an even clearer picture & sound with bullets flying all over the place and great performance by chow yun fat & especially by mira sorvino looking pretty hot . recommended .
2			track	great	rapper	old	rapper	great	it	great			the biz is back ! i doubt many people will read this because there isn not much interest in the biz these days , many people only know him as the guy singing off key in his 1989 hit just a friend . many people ever go as far as calling him a one hit wonder . but the way i know him i know him as a great old school rapper with funky and funny rhymes like vapors , make the music with your mouth , nobody beats the biz , and spring again . after 10 years without an lp from the biz , he comes out of nowhere and drops weekend warrior and unfortunately , nobody notices . his first single , let me see you bounce , features elephant man , and is a great track to comeback with . it has a funky mid tempo beat and biz shows he can still peform well lyrically , although not as well as he used to , but it's great to have him back . nobody beats the biz !
2			product	great	shipping	free			great product ! i use this for my fibromyalgia treatment see what your doctor may not tell you about fibromyalgia . since 2003 very expensive here in hawaii and only comes in 40 tablet sizes . thanks so much for bringing this out in the 100 tab size ! keep the free shipping ! i will definitely spread the convenient ! no need to go anywhere to pick up . aloha .
2			picture	great	player	new	one	new			great picture . purchased the mintek last year for christmas . worked great for awhile but after six months the picture picture , just in for repairs and was told that was a common problem with mintek and that it would be more to fix the player than to buy a new one . i am purchasing a new player but defintely not a mintek !
2			price	great			lots of pictures . my daughters needed to have more memory for all their pictures and these discs hold quite a bit of photos . great price
1			neck	little	everyone	upset	cord	short	neck	poor	version	old			the cord is supposed to be short ! we have the old version of this phone . im not sure if this one has a cord that is on the front of it but ours did . im writing this to warn everyone who is upset that the cord on this toy is too short . ours had a cord for the phone and a cord to pull the toy with . i was in making dinner one day and i heard some crying and i walked in to find both of the two cords got tangled some how around one of my little boys neck ! when i got it off there was a deep purple indent on his poor neck . now i know some people might be saying i need to watch my babies more but only a mother of twins would understand how hard it is . now the cord to pull the toy has been cut off , they still like the toy however . im just glad i got to him in time .
2			growth	personal	story	great	writers	great	styles	different	readers	young	star	main			one great story by two great writers . danziger and martin are both successful writers because of their two very distinctive and different writing styles . their voices complement one another beautifully in this story of friendship and life changes . the problems facing the main characters , tara star and elizabeth are ones that young readers will relate to as well as the personal growth the girls experience as they tackle their challenges . the story is told with endearing honesty and humor . a very enjoyable are ad !
2			shape	great			so sorry . to heavy . handle is a pipe . i bought this and the tiller . well made it is however you would have to be in great shape to really work with it . older people like to garden to . this is not for arthritics , give us a break .
2			buy	great	set	affordable	set	easy	find	great	seemed	affordable	price	affordable	furniture	great			great furniture at an affordable price . my wife had been looking for a vanity for a while and hadn not found anything that seemed well made or affordable . this set was delivered quickly , was easy to assemble , was affordable , and has so far stood up to daily use . this was a great find and a great buy .
1			reputation	high	editor	severe	use	poor	it	difficult	language	native no	it	hard			disappointing . very little about this book justifies strauss's high reputation . he doesn not define his terms , and it's difficult to decipher his own position when he's always quoting someone else . his use of english , obviously not his native language , is poor . the book needed a severe editor , but strauss's reputation must have scared everyone away . it's hard to keep in mind anything of what he says .
1			movie	black	experience	worst	hopes	high	dlp	new			do not watch in 3 . i had high hopes for this movie . i just got a brand new 61 samsung dlp and we tried to watch the movie in 3 process they use is the worst 3 experience i have ever had . it was like watching a black and white movie that was tinted purple and green . after 15 minutes the colors started giving us all headaches and we turned the movie not buy
2			cd	entire	idea	great			as a music lover i think that this project was a great idea . i love this entire cd , the matching of the artist was pure genius .
2			self	great	advice	great	laughs	good	it	humorous			full of fun . this book is chalk full of fun . it's humorous . it offers great self help lifestyle advice . plus , it makes a neat is a chalk full of great advice and good laughs . i enjoyed this book .
2			man	great	player	greatest	goal	greatest			very cool . a must have for any bobby orr or boston bruins fan . the greatest goal by the greatest hockey player ever . anyone saying what's his name is a better hockey player is too young to have seen orr play . statistics aren not everything they are secondary to actual on the ice ability . yeah , the g man was great . but orr was in a league of his own . i guarantee you if there were two teams , one made up of six bobby's and one made up of six gretsky's , gretsky would never touch the puck . never again will you see a player that good . never .
2			song	great	ending	great	i	glad	paul	best			paul's back from the dead . i stopped buying paul's records when he was trying to be like michael jackson , but when i heard , the world tonight , on the radio , i thought i would give him another try . i m glad i tape is the best paul has done since , band on the run . in a way , its sad , because it was the last record he recorded with linda . paul's son , james plays a guitar solo on heaven on sunday , and linda sings backing vocals . what a great song with all three family members working together as a team . my favorite is beautiful night , and the great ending that follows . ringo's on alot of the songs , playing drums , and singing back up . steve miller is also on the album , and jeff lynne produces alot of the tracks with paul . every song on this tape is the be st you will not be dissapointed buying flaming pie .
2			paper	good	idea	original	intro	great	idea	horrible	it	annoying			rehash rehash rehash ! i saw this book at a book store and picked it up after reading the intro . great intro , btw . i bought it on amazon later , and when it arrived i started reading does she repeat herself over and over again ? it's very annoying ! she introduces an idea and just when you think she's done , she's saying the same thing again . the actual amount of content in the book isn not all that great . it only has the number of pages that it has because of its repetitive nature . the book should fit in half the number of pages that it , the book feels like a good college research paper . she's done research and managed to pull together some info and slapped it into a book . there doesn not really seem to be much original idea in 's horrible .
2			interview	great			tooth fairy in character with julie andrews featurette . i like the info but wasn not what i expected a movie instead received a brief brief interview wasn not a long movie of the tooth fairy , but did allude to a great interview .
2			actor	great	marketeer	limited no	worlds	mixed	star	emotional	commitment	social			the inner and the outer world the world is only one ? sometimes just a movie star , sometimes a great actor . where it ends the inner world , where it starts the outer world ? this documentary doesn not give you an answer , because both worlds are absolutely mixed in only one . shahrukh lives for his people and by his people . very intense the actor , very emotional the movie star . an unlimited marketeer . with a glimpse of social commitment . always rahul or sometimes mohan ? in the end is just only shahrukh khan .
2			stuff	big	product	great			champ at cleaning the exterior windows . i bought this to clean the windows of my truck while traveling across country . the product is great ! it makes the glass water repellent and easier to clean after application . a couple hints use the gas station scrubber to get the big stuff fir st spray the rain x cleaner and clean with paper towels . follow up with a damp microfiber cloth to polish the glass .
2			williams	great	norton	great			's a rocket ! death to smoochy is laugh out loud hilarious ! robin williams and edward norton were great . the whole concept ? no one puts rainbow randolph out of work ! die smoochy die ! i recommend this film to everyone even if you are not fond of dark comedies . totally original and brilliantly directed by danny devito , death to smoochy has become one of my favorites !
2			pdf	free	concepts	great	investment	great			great concepts awash in babble . the same great motley investment lessons , but unfortunately awash in a sea of wordy babble and silliness . save yourself some money and download the free 13 steps pdf from the motley fool website you will get 80 of everything in this book , and you will get in in 60 pages instead 300 for free ! that last 20 you can find on the motley site anyways . i haven not read the other motley books but if you are heckbent to buy a book i have got to believe not he mf investment guide is better than this .
2			bottle	best	spout	open	bottle	great	it	easy			great workout bottle . i actually bought this one for my wife . i have had one for a couple of years and love it . i can leave the spout open and not worry about dropping or spilling it . i love that i don not have to bend my head back to take a drink so i can use it in the car without taking my eyes off the road . it has a wide mouth so it is easy to fill with ice . best bottle i have found .
1			buy	bad	quality	poor	money	extra	headsets	real	range	limited			not very good at all very cheap build quality . i suspect most of these reviews are from people that have not tried real headsets . i m a long time bt headset owner and i got a chance to try one of these out . it basically felt like a child's toy . very plasticy , very poor quality build . the clarity of the sound and limited signal range make this a bad buy at any price . i strongly suggest paying the extra money for a motorola hs 810 hs 820 or the jabra bt 250
2			i	wrong	shrek	great	reluctance	great	films	best	life	entire	parents	aware no	shrek	brilliant			just a riot to watch ! i never would have thought that a sequel to shrek could be possible but i was way wrong . shrek 2 is a brilliant follow up and is just as great as it's predecessor . shrek and fiona , happily married and living in shrek's swamp where he's lived for his entire life . with great reluctance , shrek and fiona go to visit their parents in a land far , far away but the parents are not even aware that their daughter is in fact an ogre . when the learn of their daughter being an ogre and married to an ogre , they dissaprove of the marriage and seek the intervention of a wicked fairy godmother to undermine the is an outright funny movie and one of the best films of 2004 definately buy this dvd today ! you won not be dissapointed ! i swear it !
1			writing	excellent	it	fantastic	it	real	beginning	bad	victims	strong	series	bad			a bad beginning headed for a bad series . this is a book i will happily put in the category of well written garbage . not a book i would recommend for the specified age group at all . the writing is excellent , sometimes moving . this is a story of child abuse , plain and simple , and there's nothing funny about it . the children are victims , and nothing they do reduces their suffering . in the wolves of willoughby chase , by joan aiken , the children are victims , yes , but they are resourceful and strong , and the story comes across as a fantasy . lemony snicket's series may well be intended as a fantasy , but the first one misses . the evil is unrelenting and the hurts inflicted too real . make it real and let the kids reading know it's real , or keep it fantastic . i will pass on the rest of the series .
1			modellook	professional	production	poor			poor production . aria looks nervous in this title , just as an amateur you wish to see ariaas a professional modellook for another title .
2			twists	glad	twists	great	series	great			great series . great plot twists , was glad there was a season 2 because the end of season 1 was a cliff hanger .
2			bells	great	ones	advanced	online	free	mistake	big	whistles	great	flash	capable	lot	available	book	good			don not expect to understand exactly what you are doing . this is a pretty good book that does a better job of showing you what flash 4 is capable of than actually explaining the nuts and bolts of designing / action scripting with flash . it was my first book on flash big mistake and discouraged me for a few months . besides the flash manual , i had to consult the flash 4 quickstart guide to figure out what these guys were doing . this book definitely needs to go into more detail with actionscripts . i m not at all certain that i would buy it again if given the choice . a lot of these techniques and more advanced ones are available for free online . the e commerce shopping cart didn not really excite me like it did everyone else . they don not describe how to read data in or send it out , which makes the tutorial more of a gimmick than an actual tool . bells and whistles are great for giggles , but i m not sure if the giggles were worth the dent in my pocketbook .
2			voice	great	song	nice			the song's were nice but his voice was great . i liked this cd because i m pedro fernandez 1 fan i have every thing on him . every song cd , tape he's made . andrea pedro fernandez 1 fan
1			it	fine	impression	bad			bad impression big time . what is this ? its fun and all , but seriously ! i no ppl who would believe that la is a crime place where ppl c kill ppl on the streets ! all these video games are showing ppl that you should never go to chicago or california ! and trust me , i was born in california and it is fine !
2			viewing	good	view	great	it	great			tale of two cities baltimore / indianapolis . this superbowl v i remember as a youth barely and it was great to re live this moment on dvd ! i always loved bubba smith and the baltimore colts defense . on this viewing , this superbowl v was not a very exciting game , filled with turnovers and some sloppy playing on both baltimore and dallas but good viewing anyway . i loved the commentary by bubba smith stating that since the organization left in 1983 the baltimore colts players have been shuned by the indianapolis colts , the present colts have no history of their team during the baltimore years or don not respect it , what a shame ! this dvd is still a great view !
2			story	original	story	great			even better 10 years later . i loved this book when it came out , when i was 15 now , 10 years later , i live in the midwest and have my own experience being divorced from a man i hated . i read it now and relate to sissy so much . it's a great , original story and i have loved it for 10 years .
1			fan	biggest	edition	original	i	sorry	film	entire	thing	good	review	bad	release	original			why did they have to mess w / a good thing ? buyer beware ! i am the biggest fan of both disney and hayao miyazaki so i really am struggling with writing this bad review but hey you people have to know before you buy . this version of totoro really stinks ! ! almost to the point of ruining the entire film for me . i couldn not suffer through it when the movie premiered on tcm . let me explain there was a previoulsy released edition that was put out by fox which is the be st the english dubbing on the disney version is horrific . the characters are so off from the original release . please if you are considering adding this dvd to your collection go with the original fox edition . you are missing out on so much of the movie if you only see this lame version put out by disney . i m sorry to be harsh but disney really let us down with this english dubbed version of totoro . .
2			voices	famous	girls	small	gift	great	job	outstanding	it	easy			absolutely wonderful readings ! as a homeschooling mom of 2 small girls , we do a lot of reading together . what a treat to have someone else do the reading for me every once in a while ! kelsey grammer , john lithgow , walter matthau , ted danson , billy crystal and other famous voices certainly do an outstanding job ! the stories are unabridged , which makes it easy to follow along with your own dr seuss library . between the talented author and the unquestionably talented actors , you just can not go a great gift to any child or dr seuss fan of any age ! my daughters love this cd , and are always asking for one more story or the other disc . purchased the green eggs and ham cd set today , and are very eager to see how it compares to this fun compilation !
1			model	particular	punch	superior	idea	bad			punch it ! the malco 1 8 ceiling grid punch , is one of the most vital tools in the t bar ceiling trade . unfortuanatly its not a commonly used brand within the trade . but as tradesmen become more familiar with this particular model and maker , they will share my sentiments when i say that is truly a neccesity ! i gave the cgp a four and not a five star rating , because it still has a flaw or 2 for example the throat should be about an inch deeper , for angled punches . also , the rubber grips have a tendency to slide off after a couple of uses , so more adhesive should be applied during manufacturing . although the punch provides sufficient leverage , due to their well designed spring loaded handles , another 1 to 2 inches wouldnt be a bad idea for the sometimes needed two handed all malco has produced a ceiling grip punch that is far superior to any other i have seen or used !
2			places	wrong	thing	heavy	you	lucky	it	great	thing	good	concept	great	idea	good			sounds like a good idea , but . i bought this toy for my son for christmas . i had bought some of the trucks and wanted him to have bob and wendy too . i found this set and thought it would be great . they only good thing about this set is that he has bob and clicking blocks sound like a great concept , but they don not work . if you can get them to click you are lucky . you can not build anything with this set . the box shows a house , buildings , etc , but you can not build these thing because the magnets are in the wrong places and the roofs make the whole thing top heavy ! i would avoid this set unless you just really need bob and wendy like us .
1			beeps	loud	pairing	easy	static	bad			fair at best . pairing was easy , but it seems like every time i try to turn on the device , it's not connecting automatically to my phone . this is not the same trouble that i have had with a plantroics devise . the most dissappointing feature is the mute function . it works well , but there is a set of beeps to alert you that you are in mute mode . generally that is good , however , the beeps are loud , the beeps happen about every 5 seconds , and lasts about 3 4 a second , and during that time you can no longer hear the call . so , about 20 of the call you are listing to will be covered up by the mute beeps . that's horrible when you are driving and you need to pay attention to a buisness call and want to avoid having them hear your driving background noise . further , there has to be a close line of site from the devise to the phone , else static can be bad . if i hold the phone behind my back , the static is too much to continue . i am really dissappointed in this devise .
1			feel	good no	item	nice	day	next	customer	poor	they	beautiful			nice item , easy to assemble , poor customer service . i purchased table , nook , and bench . put together bench and table with no problem ; they are beautiful . nook arrived with a piece broken ; after multiple attempts to get part replaced sent picture of piece & part number next day , with other attempts as well still have partly assembled item taking up my kitchen . not making me feel good about seller !
2			matches	great			just what i was looking for . i was looking for a scooper to go with the purple booda litter box . no trouble with the handle or stickers . works great matches perfectly .
2			information	unbelievable	changes	great	changes	big	information	effective			awesome book . i learned a lot and lost a ton ! i have lost 60 pounds and kept it off for a long time , using a well known dieting club , and tapping into information from dieting books . this one is becomming one of my favorite sources because i find things in here that i have never heard before . i love it . i also want to tell people trying to lose weight that i have tried many times before , even went to a hypnotherapi st nothing worked until i read an amazing book called effortless wellbeing by evan finer . i don not know exactly why , since that is not a diet book , but after reading and doing what was in that book , i was finally able to make big great changes in my life in many areas . i finally was able to diet successfully and use all of the information in books like you . don not miss this one because it really has unbelievable and effective information .
2			music	great	song	good	music	irish			great irish music . while i agree that sarah mclachlan's intro song is good , i think the tracks that stand out more are the instrumentals . i like especially a week in january . the music arrangements in this album are very interesting and well done . great to listen to when you are in a quiet mood .
2			interview	great	it	great			great interview . it is truly great ! both parties talk so well , excellent review of history ! there are some movies showing what happens in the 70 example nixon's second visit to china , which is very well done .
2			it	awesome	rolls	huge	it	good	wah	great	buy	good	track	great	enemy	worst			now comfortable with vox . where did chastain get this voice ! it's awesome and i suspect genius pop mastermind matthew sweet had something to do with it . anyhow any weakness i ever was dissapointed by in the crush's sound has vanished . love the rockly irreligious intro kill me know , and the compact but harshly distorted sweet pill worst enemy . huge slow drum rolls and shining guitar glacier speed between the lines while roman candle has great wah wah . paul mccartney almost says a quick hello on things get better ! well not really but you know ! anyhow every track is absolutely great , and most are sort of short leaving you desperate to hum them or just pop the cd in again ! this goes up there with girlfriend . it's just so good ! don not deny yourself ! makes life worth living ! buy . buy now , buy is good !
2			set	awesome	adams	fine	tv	greatest	age	golden	i	hooked	episodes	predictable no	episodes	intriguing			probably the greatest western tv series ever . bonanza has always been my favorite series from the golden age of tv westerns . but i have recently been watching the middle period b&w hour long episodes of gunsmoke on the encore westerns channel , and i m now hooked . so , i figured i should check out the very first season and i have not been disappointed . james arness stands tall in more ways than one as marshal dillon , and the supporting cast especially milburn stone as doc adams is fine as well . as with bonanza , awesome guest star performances are the norm for gunsmoke . but what sets this show apart for me is the quality of the stories , making most episodes intriguing and unpredictable . this 6 disc set is awesome . period .
2			service	great	condition	good	book	great	foucault	awesome			foucault is awesome . it's a great book , and there was great service ! i received the book on time and it's in good condition . i love it , and i plan on ordering all the books in the series .
2			fun	great	wine	best	recipes	great			short , sweet and loaded with great recipes . one of the best overall wine making books i have read . not long , only about 125 pages but still crammed with almost 100 assorted recipes , mostly for wine . great fun to make and try
1			players	worst	product	horrible	make	different			horrible product . this product is one of the worst dvd players i have ever dealt with . less than 3 months after receiving this player as a christmas gift , the machine started freezing when playing dvd's as though the dvd's were dirty . a couple of weeks later , it stopped recognizing dvd's at all . i took it in to have it serviced , but by this point the 90 days was past , so i had to pay for labor parts were covered . i have had the dvd player back for about 3 weeks the service center fixed it for over 2 months and it is beginning to do the exact same thing ! i currently can not get any dvd to play in the unit . i would like to note that i have never had any problems with the vcr . i strongly recommend anybody looking for a dvd / vcr combo unit to purchase a different make and / or model .
2			orientation	clear	companion	available	idea	nice	way	real	handle	solid	balance	usual no	companion	great			awaken to superconsciousness . this book gives that unusual balance of deep inspiration andsupportive application . there's a clear orientation here towardsgiving the deepest understanding of what meditation andsuperconsciousness are really all about , but also you come away having a solid handle on how to actually meditate and make it an integrated part of day to day life . you get the refreshing feeling from this book that spirituality isn not just a nice idea but a very real way to be more alive ! this is definitely a keeper ! ps , there's also a great companion tape available that has guided meditations .
2			mirror	great	it	great	side	right	i	excited	colors	different			great mirror . i purchased this mirror after i had to dispose of one that i had used for 20 years . it is great ! the magnifying side is just right and the different colors of beams help you put on your make up in the correct lighting for your activity . i was so excited to find one so close to the one i had previously used . i tried one of the oval lighted mirrors but that was aweful and the light burned out after a few months and i was unable to replace it . this mirror will last me a long time and is easily trasportable .
2			song	acoustic	version	similar	bands	great	album	bad	tracks	new	while	original	job	great	material	best	water	hot	material	new			alkaline trio / hot water music split . how can 2 bands that are so great release a bad album ? the answer they can not . some of the best new material from both of these bands can be found here . alk 3 and hwm each of 2 brand new tracks on here , plus they cover each others songs . alk 3 covers the hwm track rooftops , and they do a phenomenal job of it . more upbeat than the hwm version , the track loses nothing from the original while being adapted to alk 3 s characteristic sound . hwm take on alk 3 s hits radio and bleeder . the hwm version of radio is very similar to the alk 3 version , merely a bit rougher along the edges . great job there . now on the other hand , the hwm cover of bleeder has been transformed from pop punk , to a sullen , acoustic rock song and its done to perfection . the only complaint i have is that its so short . these 7 songs will definitely leave you wanting more from both bands . 8.5 10 or reviews like this and much more , visit
1			bc	best	matching	poor	song	mixed	problem	critical	problem	small	sound	classic	cd	entire			caution ! ! mix well before serving . out of all her albums i wouldnt say that this is her best bc of one small , but very critical problem . with the exception of a few moments , everytime she mixes from one song to another , its off just by a hair . it drives me nuts . on her live in ibiza cd , every song is mixed perfectly . what happend this time ? this really takes away from the entire cd . i couldnt belive the beat matching was as poor as it was at times from a superstar dj . but to be there in person was probably a diferent story . other than that , track slection was massive and had the classic irene sound . so it falls victim to 2 stars on account of busted pitch faders !
1			stuff	horrible	name	bad	movie	ok			drivel . the movie was only okay , but i was hooked on the music , so i bought the soundtrack . yikes ! what an mistake ! this is horrible stuff sentimental , cloying , devoid of substance , repetitive with no payoff . this is the kind of music that gives movie soundtracks a bad name . this is the kind of music that is only atmospheric for the film to which it was attached , and which has nothing to say apart from it . avoid this disc at all costs .
2			it	heavy	shape	good	woman	old	properties	fantastic			love this vacuum , but . this vacuum picks up dirt and dust the best of any vacuum i have ever bought , and i have bought quite a few trying to find the one . my only complaint is it is soooo heavy ! if you have to lift this monster up and down a stairway , be sure to eat your wheaties for breakfast ! i m a 52 year old woman , in pretty good shape , and i feel like i have had an aerobic workout after vacuuming my home . if you don not mind that it isn not featherlight , know that the cleaning properties are fantastic makes my carpet look like new and the on board attachments are heavenly .
2			movie	good	film	great			great film . i can see why this film is an aquired taste and how some would find it a waste . personally i thought this movie was very good and quite moving . amazing cinematography !
1			quality	poor			i would not buy this dvd . the audio and video quality are exceedingly poor . think distorted am radio with a super -8 quality picture , and you will get the idea . it's astonshing that a company even would consider putting this on the market .
2			shoes	casual	pair	old	models	great	pair	new	they	flimsy	condition	great			not what quality i m used to from acorn . i have an ancient pair of acorn slip ons that i just cannot throw out because they are my absolute favorite casual shoes . they are in great condition , for around the house and yard just looking rather frayed on the fabric and beat up on the leather . i needed a new pair that i could wear in public . thought i would try these as they most resemble my favorites , but they are really flimsy and will no way last as long as my old pair . why , oh , why do you keep obsoleting really great models ? ? i will keep watching for ones like this with nubuck and thicker soles . i m not bothering to buy , until i see the clogs that you made before , i don not want to be disappointed by a favorite shoemaker !
2			movie	great			great movie . the movie was great . they made a film that can entertain . this was enjoyable , can not wait to pre order it .
2			book	similar	jobs	great			liars don not get great jobs what a concept . this book is very similar to her nickel and dimed book in that barbara simply sets herself up for as much failure as possible and then blames everybody for that this book she writes a fake resume and uses employment coaches and career counselors to help her try to get a job . we find barbara lying , swearing and putting down the people who are trying to help her making herself seem very unemployable in my estimation . she then blames the very same people for not getting her a pathetic in reality she was offered two jobs but they were beneath her . what barbara doesn not seem to get is that she has to earn a job and by lying on a resume is not a very productive way to go about this sad book a pass .
2			pop	good	tracks	best	album	entire	they	entertaining	way	great	songs	good	it	entertaining			very good electro pop but also kind of cheesy one of 2004 s best 4.5 stars . this album is no moon safari as far as musicianship and creativity goes , but at least it's very entertaining . as opposed to moon safari , however , there's no filler although i suppose a better way of saying it is that all the songs are equally good which is great if you are trying to listen to the album straight through . the only downside , though , is that the songs aren not as influential or great as the ones on moon safari but really , who would expect them to be ? nevertheless they are very entertaining , even if some of them are a kind of guilty pleasure such as cherry blossom girl . however , if you like air or electro pop in general you will most likely enjoy this album , though not as much as moon safari at least you will recognize that the best tracks on that album are much better than the best tracks on here . definitely one of 2004 s better albu ms highly recommended ! highlights include the entire album !
2			cd	rare	sound	great	i	glad	selections	fun	people	interested	rendition	good			rare recording of tsar's coronation . people who are interested in the romanov dynasty will want to get a copy of his historic recording of sibelius cantata for the coronation of nicholas ii . the sound is great and the performance is brisk and even a bit pushy at times . the notes that came with the recording say that this piece has never been performed since it was first given in 1896 it's an interesting piece and i am glad i bought the cd . the other selections on the cd are fun to listen to , charming , fresh and uplifting . i felt like running through a grassy meadow after listening to this cd ! the performance of finlandia seems to have been thrown in to help sales of the other selections on this cd which are all rare . its a good rendition .
2			lover	former	sense	great	cookie	tough			disappointing . i just couldn not like jane nichols , the heroine of this book . she's supposed to be this terrific secret agent , so why is her mentor , mac , always rescuing her ? she's tormented by the death of her former lover for years . nightmares , cold sweats , you name it , we hear about it in the heroine had just taken herself a little less seriously maybe i would have liked it . as it is , i will stick to my kinsey millhone mysteries for a smart , tough cookie who also has a great sense of humor and isn not mired down with all this ang st
1			movie	worst	role	small			i played a small role in this film . and i have to say that this is the worst movie i have ever seen . i watched alot of the scenes being filmed and i can tell you that in her cocaine induced state she still can not act . i own it only because it reminds me of the days that i had long red hair . yeah that is me the amateur porn girl heheheh
2			story	true	dancing	good	story	great	story	excellent	movie	good			great story . good dance type movie . very good movie . antonio was a excellent choice . dancing was very good . inspired by a true story which was excellent . shows interviews in the extras which was very well done . highly recommended .
1			quality	poor	buy	low no			peeling pan . i purchased less than a year ago and already am seeing peeling from inside of thenon stick coating . these pans are of poor quality and can only be used at low not buy , its a waste of your hard earned money !
2			music	classical	place	new	quality	great	speakers	nice	price	reasonable	pair	good			nice speakers , reasonable price . i m not an audiophile , just someone who likes pleasant classical music around the house . our new place was pre wired for rear channel speakers , mounted high up on the wall in the dining room , so i bought these speakers to drop into the openings . installation was straightforward and everything was clearly marked . the sound quality is great , to my ears anyway , and the price was quite reasonable . i would recommend these speakers for anyone looking for a good rear channel pair to be mounted in an interior wall .
2			service	fantastic	body	entire	mouse	regular	mouse	normal			can not use a regular mouse after using one of these for 4 years . this is my second trackball have been using them for over 4 years now . i love them as do my children . there is almost no wrist movement necessary which reduces your risk of carpel tunnel . these are great for everyone . they do take a few days to get use to , not having to move your arm all over the place . when i now try to use a normal mouse , my entire body tries to move with it , it feels so odd to have to move your arm around to get it to function . i recommend this mouse for everyone , especially people that do a lot of work using a computer or , i received it the day after i ordered it ! absolutely fantastic service !
1			band	worst	feel	stupid	look	sexy			the singer probably has morning wood , since she's a guy ! first of all , i ain not a kid . my account just isn not working . second , why would anyone like this junk ? the singer obviously can not sing , and the guitarist likes to scream in the backround . and the music has a bland , stupid feel to it . it almost sounds like they are using keyboards . plus , that stupid , nth degree video of theirs is just plain retarded . the singer is freakin fat and ugly , and she's trying to look sexy . is this a joke ? she's the ugliest thing in pop since ashlee , what do you expect from something that's on mtv ? that's right , you get this . morningwood , probably the worst band ever to plague music as we know it .
1			problem	main	quality	poor	head	similar	drum	real	it	difficult	addition	good			poor quality for the price . considering the price , i expected this to be a good addition to my array of percussion instruments . i had hoped to be able to use this as a practice pad . the main problem with this is the ring that it gives off . it's really distracting from the snare sound that it should have . after putting tape on the bottom of it , the ring was greatly dampened , but now it's more difficult to play on , as it has less bounce now . one pro to this is that it has a head that is similar to a real snare drum , unlike most practice pads , but nonetheless , this is not recommended unless its just for use as a toy .
1			feel	good	deeds	bad			it is for the audience . pleasure is the absence of pain was how one philosopher phrased it , i don not remember who it was , as i was looking out the window at a jaybird when my boy , who has a phd , was talking it up . now , i don not know how much shocking or flogging or punching jailbirds will stop them doing their plainfaced bad deeds , but it sure will make a lot us out here feel good . we didn not get put in prison . tailgating and backstabbing and firing people because you don not like them and all the mean stuff we enjoy doing out here ain not illegal , and we ain not got caught at the stuff that is . yet . put this corporate punishment on tv , where we can all watch it . who knows if that fellow did the stuff they say he did , or whether you did it and didn not get caught , but you can guarantee that you will feel good because it's happening to someone is my two cents . review by haney .
1			production	bad			this is trash . i bought this dvd hoping to learn a little about nathan subblefield and his inventions but was appalled by the extremely bad production is like a 10 year old received a computer and video editing software for christmas and this is the result of their first effort . it jumps around form one irrelevant image to another and is accompanied by meaningless sound bites that do nothing but annoy the viewer . i couldn not watch it for anymore than about ten your money , don not buy this .
2			disappointment	great			a great disappointment . i have been a fan of rl asprin ever since i picked up his myth adventures series i have eagerly read every book he's written , and no few of the anthologies he's edited . that's why a phule and his money was such a great disappointment . the plot was all asprin clever and full of potential . unfortunately , that potential was never realized ; whoever did the actual writing whether it was heck or asprin the smart money is on heck absolutely massacred the storyline . emphasis was placed on irrelevant and uninteresting points , and the book had none of asprin's characteristic incisive satire and wise wit . the bottom line after finishing the book , the reader is left with the nagging feeling that the book was just a first draft .
2			songs	great	activity	constant	i	happy	it	fun			fun to sweat . i love this video so much from when i did it a few years back that i still remember the dance moves and songs . it was lost in a move and i was sad but am so happy to find that i can purchase it and get to sweating again ! the songs are great to motivate you and its constant activity . i can say that this richard simmons video makes it fun to sweat ! !
2			book	religious	achievements	great	book	greatest	treatment	deep	treatment	broad	achievements	literary			monumental , unsurpassed ! dallimore's treatment of whitefield is both broad and deep in its scope . it is miles ahead of any other biography i have ever read . if you want to catch the vision of evangelistic power in revival , apart from the word of god , there is nothing i know of that can ignite one's soul in it's utter depths than this 2 volume set . a read of a lifetime . one of the great monumental literary achievements of this century sherwood wirt of would ecision magazine . the greatest religious book of this century oswald j smith .
2			things	good	book	incredible	scope	great			not more to add . all good things have been said . this is an incredible book of great scope . a must read for the history buff and certainly for anyone interested in another view of this much maligned royal . hip hip hurray for sharon pennman ! ! well done ! !
2			cast	great			dvd . if you love smokey and the bandit then you will love this movie . enjoy . the cast are great , too . add this too yor dvd collection today .
2			documentary	great	preview	great			documentary . great documentary and great preview to the movie , the end of the spear . anyone with a heart for missions should see this .
2			reference	great			great reference . read this book cover to cover before i took my first backpacking trip . four year later , i still reference it . a book to keep forever .
2			music	great	high	natural	pacing	perfect			the most awesome yoga dvd i have tried . every time i try to lose weight i wind up gaining ! this , i think is because part of me resists and acts out the other way . this is the first thing i have tried which inspires me and has given me results ! i have lost 8 lbs . in four weeks ! the exercises give you a natural high with no dread factor . ana & ravi are definitely tuned in to what people will respond to and have obviously designed their workout based on many years of experience of what works ! the music is great . the pacing is perfect ! this is one in a million yoga dvd . if you want to lose weight , tone , lessen your stress , or get inspired , i can not recommend this enough !
2			calculator	awesome			texas instruments ti -89 . this calculator is awesome for the fact that it will do way more than most people will ever need . only downside is that its really hard to figure it all out without some sort of teacher .
2			hen	little	book	great			great book ! this is cute book that is modeled after the little red hen . my 5 h graders really enjoyed the book . i read it aloud on read across america day and then we had some chili afterwards ! in fact , our whole school got a copy of this book for dr seuss birthday and really enjoyed it !
1			money	good	i	happy	style	literary	punctuation	poor			sad ! i m so sad about this book . i was really looking forward to reading it . however , the writing was so distracting because of incomplete sentences and poor punctuation , i could not get thru the first chapter . this obviously british author either tried to reinvent proper english mistaking it for his literary style , or he never bothered learning it in the first place ! i wish i could have gotten further into the story to at least be able to comment on it , but his grammar style was just too distracting . needless to say , i am just happy i didn not spend good money for this book .
2			talents	great			so / so . the though of stevie&herbie sounded great never mind the other great talents featured on this i wasn not feeling pacing was off for i will just stick to headhunters& better yet the stuff herbie did with art blakely&early miles davis .
1			load	predictable	service	entire	conspiracy	big	exercise	bad	thing	believable no			add a star for jargon . cartoonish best describes this book . our trusty hero runs around spouting silly things like sweep and creep and the like and we are expected to believe this is how the us secret service personnel truly talk . i speak from experience when i say , a load of plot was predictable at best , but to be honest , drawn out would be a better description . there was plenty of action , unfortunately none of it made sense . the entire secret service is made to look like a bunch of idiots , except of course for our hero . and no , i m not a secret service agent the whole thing is just not believable . from swiss super mercenaries that no one seems to know about , to the tired plot device of a big government conspiracy , the whole thing just sort of sits there like a bad exercise in not bother . i wish i hadn not .
1			he	long	book	bad			ugh . bad book and how . man who write this sound like he too long with peace pipe and ancient ceremonial herbs . not good . ugh .
2			toys	great	models	great	horses	real			great horse toys ! these horse toys are great models of real horses but there legs can break to easily . please do not let kids under 4 have you play with them play with them gently wether on hardwood floors ar carpeded floors . be carefull ! ! !
2			it	big	trunk	small	stroller	great	base	difficult			great stroller . this is a great stroller , but it is very big and bulky , don not buy if you have a really small trunk or you would have to take the wheels off like i do for it to fit in the trunk . the base is really difficult to get used to but once you do you should have no pronle ms
2			mandoline	french	carrot	tough	mandoline	large	it	great	it	useful	it	light	stations	professional			i have 3 . the beriner is not the perfect mandoline but it is more useful , for more tasks than the large french mandoline i also have . it is light , easily transportable and used in more professional kitchen stations than the larger metal can throw out the finger guard the moment you get it . like any other tool it requires care . a dish towel is a better finger guard as you get to the bitter end of a carrot or a one drawback is that it does not cut thicker than about an 1 8 inch . you could not push a celery root through it or even a tough carrot the long way you can , but it requires poise still it is only 30 bucks and it lasts forever . outside of dense root vegetables , it's great . one of my favortie tools , along with my vita prep , cryovac machine and immersion circulator .
1			sangre	bad	i	disappointed	it	terrible	album	bad	songs	weak			don not make a mistake . don not buy it . mi sangre is bad . all the songs are weak . i only bought it because i heard the two albums before it and i thought this would be as good as the ones before but when i was done with listening the album i was very disappointed , i couldn not believe that music was from juanes . it's terrible . it sounds like music for babies . this album is bad
2			quality	good	difficulty	great	fence	reasonable	table	different	it	hard			not good quality . i have had mine for six months and mostly it has been a source of heartache . the top is bowed like an upside down bowl . i can adjust the center plate to put it in line with one of the sides , but it is really hard to hold work flat on that surface . cuts with a vertical component like glue joints or dovetails are ruined as the piece teeter totters up and down . the base is made of plastic , so it is a bit wobbly . i have had a terrible time with the bolts that hold it together . the plastic is ill designed such that i can not get tools in there to tighten the bolts . all i can do is hand tighten them , with great difficulty . consequently , after i m done with 20 minutes of routing , i usually have three or four nuts on the floor below the table . at some point it is just going to fall over on me . that isn not safe ! the fence is reasonable . apart from that , bosch just wasted my money here . i m going to get a different table and think twice before buying more of their stuff .
1			dreams	bad	record	strong	track	superior	rhyme	solid	rap	best	it	nice	dream	bad	reafs	new			not balance but not a bad dream either . bad dreams is a solid fallow up to their first album balance , yet it seems to lack a lot of the punch and lasting that it's predesessor had . i thought lady venom was , if not the single best rap beat to come out of canada it was the reason i turned onto sm , so getting bad dreams was required of me . i don not know what anybody says , but i feel ventialte is a superior track to fuel injected . fuel is a solid rhyme , but lacks the intelligence we have come to expect from mad child and prev , as does other tracks on the disc . take it back is another track worth mentioning having the same feel as much of their first album . this might just be me , but i was just hoping for a duplicate of balance , but it was nice to hear some new reafs and beats , espically from canadian artists . overall a strong record from very talented artists .
2			product	great	intelligence	outstanding	piece	little	models	old	space	tiny	easy	extra	they	similar			impossible to beat . let me say it this way if some one complains about this product , is the type of person that complains about everything , plain and simple . i read many many reviews for this and other equivalent products , at the end i decided for this because the price and if you paid attention to the pictures , they all are very similar , its extra easy to install , yes there is some tiny space between the hdd and the case interior wall . well i used my outstanding intelligence and place a little piece of aluminum foil between them and . voala ! the space is for the old old models they where little more thick the case is aluminum , well built , connection is no brain as well . at the end this is a great product for an even greater price .
2			review	great	price	good			dead after a month always spins when left on . this would have gotten a great review from me works just fine overall and a good price except for two things . the unit worked fine with our setup and drive . however , we quickly realized that although we shut down the computer , the disk still seems to just spin all day and all night . this means that you either need to turn off the power switch of the drive manually each time you shut it down , or unplug it . just over a month after i bought it , it stopped working . i can not yet verify that it isn not in fact the disk that stopped working or was killed but there is absolutely no sign of life from the enclosure or disk . this makes me really bummed .
1			sleep	good	one	great no			not a great one . my cousin rented this movie thinking that it was about werewolves and a good sleep . what we really enjoyed was the opening and the action sequences , there only few of them but are great ; artial marts , vengence , mistery . i recommend it just to rent .
2			it	dull	actors	different	figures	great	robinson	great	movie	dull	debates	intellectual			why made this movie ? why would anyone want to make this movie ? because facebook is a success ? why not make a movie about the inception of yahoo or google , then ? or even that oracle guy for that matter ! because it would have been dull . well , this movie is dull and just blah , blah , blah of intellectual debates and conversations ! but then again , i ask myself time and time again , why they continue remaking movies about elvis , wyatt earp , robin hoods , when it's possible to show the world other great figures like baseball great jackie robinson ! i mean , how many times do we have to see their stories retold with the same stories using different actors ? i know the answer to my own question . the reason this facebook movie was made was because .
2			video	good	flow	wonderful	video	great			wonderful flow . what a great video ! i just received it and went through the routine . the flow was wonderful . i am not a surfer , have never surfed , i was just looking for a good video , and everybody recommended this to me . but maybe now i will be surfing by summer !
2			game	great	bob	old			my 2 year old loves it . my son learned to use the mouse playing this game . he loves all the games included decorating the cake , fixing the leaks , building the bridge , etc . he plays for an hour or so every time we put it on . unlike reader rabbit , this game requires the use of the left mouse button , and that is not difficult for a 2 year old to a kid that likes bob the builder , this is a great game . i strongly recommend it .
1			book	new	characters	new	plots	new	book	worst	hopes	high			how could cornwell have written this ? disappointed again . i m one of those diehard patricia cornwell fans who is still yearning for her to reel us back in . it's absolutely baffling to think that the same author who wrote body farm , postmortem , point of origin , etc could have written at risk . my opinion is that this is the worst book i have read in years . i had such high hopes when i heard she was writing at risk . i couldn not wait to meet the new characters , really wanted to love it . but reading this book was a boring chore , such a disappointing experience . it almost seems impossible that she could have written this . i guess the sad truth is that the publishers don not really care . they could put her name on a dictionary and people like me would buy it . i would like to believe that cornwell will eventually give her fans new characters , new plots , and a new book to love . this is not it .
1			casting	poor			poor quality casting . the top does not fit . do not waist your money on this product . i would not even give it away , i plan to return it .
2			it	powerful	relase	great	it	dark	band	great			a great relase from a great band . well , the boys in the toolshed have done it again , making a 5 year wait worth it . i love it already , and theres still time for it to grow on me even more . it is , in my opinion , what you get when you cross undertow with aenema . it is not as dark as the two , but more powerful and raw . it has no epic tracks like thrid eye , and most tracks clock at around 7 minutes . the only complaint i have about the album are the fillers . some are kinda cool , but some just take from the album . im glad there are less here than in aenema , but they are still an annoyance even though im sure theyll grow on me , just like the ones in aenema did . but still , songs like the patient and parabola make this album an instant classic . buy it and enjoy .
2			someone	new	book	great	someone	familiar	guide	great			a great guide and resource . this book is great for someone who is familiar with windows , but new to linux / gnome . very useful . i highly recommend it .
1			level	low no	product	good	recording	bad			bad analog recording , background noise for digital music . i purchased this product mainly for recording my lp collection into digitial format using my laptop . i thought that this could be a good product for that purpose , until i used it . this product could not record properly from analog input . it's even much much worse than recording using laptop's analog input . not only the recording level was so low , but also the recorded mp 3 or wma had so much artificial noise that it was unusable . i used usb 2 connection all the time . it seems to me that usb 2 doesn not help any better . playing digital music was relatively ok , except that it produced slight background white noise . still directly connecting from my laptop to the speaker produced much better result . i wonder what the purpose of this device might be ? not recommended .
2			coffee	little	drawings	detailed	book	little	explanation	small	details	new	drawings	tiny	book	small	coffee	great			a beautiful little book . this small book about 3 x 4 is full of beautiful , tiny detailed drawings , one after the other with some small explanation entered intermittently , and a full index with descriptions of each plate in the back . each time you go through it , new details emerge . a great little coffee table book or one for anyone who appreciates midieval art .
1			reading	casual	puns	bad			critics go home ! picked up a copy of this book in the hanoi airport for casual reading , and nearly snorted several types of liquids while reading it . i don not care what the critics said , i did laugh out loud several times . as an american addicted to the bbc's televised mystery series , i got many of the inside jokes , though not being british , i m sure i missed quite a is a book that is meant to tickle your funny bone . it's not meant to be anything more . but , even with the all the nursery rhyme characters , the bad puns , and the fractured fairy tales , it's still a fun whodunit !
2			plans	helpful	book	great			fitness . great book . i wanted information to help me know what kinds of food i should eat . i enjoyed reading this book and the diet plans were very helpful . i wish that the book had more information that was applicable for women so that my wife and i could both benefit .
1			it	fake	movie	worst	place	real no	scenes	fake			the worst movie i have ever seen horrible . this garbage deserves one star because of dennis hopper thats it he makes this movie at least semi watchable the chainsaw scenes are indescribably fake and it looks like a movie set not even a real place absolutely horrible i eventually had to turn it off because i couldnt take any more of it never have i done that while watching a movie ever nothing close to the original or the remake
2			work	scientific	soulmate	scientific	story	solid	origins	humble	naturalist	young	picture	fantastic			solid story of nature , red in tooth and claw . this was a fantastic picture ! a young naturalist of humble origins , william adamson , finds a scientific soulmate in the super aristocrat reverend alabaster , and is invited to live with the alabaster family to help educate the children and to help the reverend with his naturalist studies . unaccustomed to the opulent aristocratic lifestyle , william falls in love with the extraordinarily beautiful and glamorous oldest alabaster daughter , eugenia . the eldest alabaster son , edgar , resents the commoner's hanging on . can william accomplish any worthwhile scientific work while surrounded by the idle rich ? what if he could have eugenia ? would she welcome william into her upper crust caste ? is that where william wants to be ? an amazing film , extremely well acted , i loved it . a movie you can sink your teeth into . highly , highly recommended .
1			card	bad	it	hard			what a wonderful story . what a wonderful and often time touching story . it is very hard to believe what those men went thru . they were dealt one bad card after another and yet they still endured . i recommend this book to everyone . especially those who think that they have is bad .
2			skills	technical	sense	great			this is the book that started my curiosity with engineering . the cartoons of mammoths and caveman looking curiously and giant gears and complicated machines is what got me started . pretty soon i was taking apart all of my toys trying to see how they work . about 30 years later i m an engineer and love what i do . there is a great sense of pride you get when you fix something that was broken , despite never have even seen it before . this book is the origin of all of my technical skills . i just bought it again for my 2 year old , can not wait to start reading it to her . the first time i walk in her room and see one of her toys disassembled in 100 of pieces , i will beam with joy .
1			thing	entire	it	negative	pounds	extra	children	hate	book	worst	i	excited	thing	worst			the worst , most horrifyng book on pregnancy . i am pregnant with my first baby , excited and , obviously , clueless . i thought this would be the perfect book for me . after reading the entire thing , i am scared out of my mind . it was nothing but negative , as if pregnancy were the worst thing that could ever happen to anyone . even when the author talks about seeing the baby for the first time , her emphasis is on how ugly he or she will be . i realize that her aim is to be truthful , which she is , but can not she find anything to be happy about ? she seems to be one of those women who hate their children for giving them stretch marks and extra pounds . if you are looking for an upbeat , caring guide to pregnancy , this is not it .
2			versatility	great	settings	easy	camera	manual	preciseness	manual	convenience	total			auto camera with manual preciseness . i have had a manual focus camera for years , set apertures , speeds , etc this camera gives you all the exactness of that medium with the total convenience and ease of a fully automatic package . plus you can set your own apertures if you wish to move outside the box and the camera sets the speed for you ! the settings are easy to figure out , auto focusing is a bit tricky , but once you get the hang of it , there's nothing easier . great versatility in a reasonably priced package ! i highly recommend it .
2			brush	amazing	tool	great			what a great tool . this brush is amazing . if you have a dog that sheds a lot , this is the tool to buy . worth every penny . shipped fast and works like magic .
1			change	recent	music	bad	support	free			watch out for support costs ! they had free support until just very recently . my beef is with the extreme cost of support , 3.99 a minute . i don not know if that includes listening for many minutes to bad music . you can get 3 months support for $ 199 6 months for $ 299 or 1 year for $ 499 ! i can tell you i spent many hours talking to tech support before this recent change of events . i have had my linksys router for 3 years . i also had to get a bridge to extend the range because it couldn not go through walls very well . i had to call them a lot because sometimes the bridge or router somehow lost the will need tech support now and again when you change isps , etc , go elsewhere .
1			quality	poor	set	live			poor sound and not enogh wes . with so much wes montgomery out there , i would avoid this cd . the sound quality is poor , and on the billy taylor cuts the piano overly dominates . the live set with clark terry is much better , but the fifth track in the session is not included .
1			textbooks	worst	point	main			an awful textbook ! this was one of the worst textbooks i have ever read . it drones on in excruciating detail for pages before finally stating the main point or idea . people don not think that way . state what you are talking about and then give the supporting details and examples . not the other way around . it is a very frustrating read . i had to reference other resources in order understand the theories and concepts presented in this book .
2			tale	good	background	little	shipwrecks	great	book	good			good book for nautical disaster buffs . great shipwrecks of the pacific coast , contains the stories of 10 deadly maritime disasters that all occurred between the 1850 and the 1920 . it does not attempt to be a comprehensive list of such disasters . as such , it is a cut above the usual for these kind of books . author robert belyk is a historian , and though his prose it a bit dry at times , he delivers the goods with first hand accounts from the survivors and overall descriptions of the disasters . he also includes a little background of each story as well as the aftermath . this book will be much appreciated by anyone who enjoys a good maritime disaster tale .
1			city	large	buttons	flat	phone	worst	feature	good	it	hard			this phone is a pos . i have had this phone for about six months . it is the worst phone i have ever had bar none . i frequently have trouble with reception in the middle of the large city where i live . the charger doesn not quite fit into the port , so it's really hard to get it to charge . the buttons are flat which makes it impossible to text message or even dial . the one good feature is the camera which is pretty standard nowadays . save yourself a whole bunch of money and do not buy this phone !
1			films	worst			how this was suggested to me is a mystery . this is in the top 100 worst films of all time . i didnt even read the cartoon inwhich it was bsed on .
1			postdoc	poor	tribute	outstanding	reviewer	previous	baseball	general			outstanding tribute to chappie and mays . this is one of the better baseball books i have read . i remember seeing it in hardcover in a borders in east lansing , mi , around 1989 i never picked it up because i was a poor postdoc . both mays and chapman's lives , and how they fatally intersected , are described in detail , almost as if the author was actually there . sowell is a talented writer , he covers the era in general outside of baseball well . i agree with a previous reviewer , this is fantastic movie material , i wonder why the story has never been picked up ?
2			buy	good	jacket	great	use	casual			great jacket for casual use . appears to be well constructed with quality fabric . the lining is soft and warm enough for cool fall days . the snap closure was one of the features i was looking for in a jacket , as i prefer that to a zipper . the knit cuffs keep the sleeves in place without binding wrists . i consider it a very good buy .
2			presentation	bad no			milton berle . this is a tribute show to milton berle , some very funny comics , there are notv flashbacks and no elvis ! still not a bad comedy presentation .
2			it	clear	game	real	job	great	thing	best			gotta be google . at the moment the only real game worth playing is google . no , i m not a spokesperson for them but it is clear that if you are going to play you ought to play with the guys that own the ball . there is power in building your business with google for dummies . the best thing is that when you meet the google criteria and succeed with them you can use the exact same business building blocks with any other resource . brad hill understands this and does a great job relaying his knowledge via the dummies format . i m beginning my second read through . thanks brad . larry frieders , rph . 340 marshall , unit 100 aurora , il 60506 el 630 -859 -0333
2			album	great			a great debut album . this cd is like a mixture of sade and everything but the girl . funny thing is you can not always hear the words but the music is funky and uplifting .
2			player	great	end	high	players	new	pictures	outstanding	control	best no	quality	good			plays multi region and pal & ntsc dvd's . here is a great dvd player if you are looking for one that allows you watch dvd's from all regions just follow the hack codes listed in the first review which takes less than five minutes ! it also converts pal to ntsc or ntsc to pal via an internal converter something many other players do not have so you do not need a pal tv in the usa or ntsc europe . the picture quality is good . it's not a high end dvd player with outstanding sound and crisp pictures . i m now playing region 2 dvd that i purchased by accident a while back ! the remote control is not the best , but gets the job done . however you can get one of those multi remotes . and don not put other boxes cable , vcr , etc on top as it will overheat and this can cause problems as there are no ventilation you cannot find one , i would advise looking online at auction sites for new players .
1			book	bad			this was a weird book . i was just wondering did any guys read this book besides me because the inside cover of the book says espcially for girls , at least in the hardcover i got . i thought it was a pretty bad book but i was wondering if its because im a guy ?
2			sergeant	major	characterdevelopment	outstanding	results	brilliant	songs	gross	women	powerful	grunthor	particular	book	great			great book ignore the naysayers . i loved this book , and its characterdevelopment in this book is outstanding . in particular grunthor , thegiant sergeant major who sings gross marching songs , and achmed the obnoxious assassin king are two of the best the genre has ever seen . their interactions with each other , and with rhapsody and jo , are not the standard fantasy . noble hero and his plucky female sidekick , or the jordan model where all the women are powerful but personalityless . haydon takes risks no other fantasy author would take , and the results are brilliant . don not miss out on this book .
2			textbook	great	book	good			very good book . i recommend this book because it has all the information you need about philosophy . a great college textbook , worth every penny .
1			quality	terrible	quality	poor	waste	total	mess	total	it	unwatchable	seller	original	movie	original			terrible quality . i was told that this movie was packaged at the factory by 2 d seller . the quality was so poor it was unwatchable and i was unable to return as i had it over 30 days . i had a video expert look at it to tell what was going on and to see if the quality and out of focus shoots could be fixed some how but was told it was a total mess and was transfered poorly from the original movie . i contacted the original factory seller and was told they neer had this movie even though their name and address was on the box . total waste of 26.00
1			performances	great	movie	bad	effects	special	performance	bad	hellblazer	great	adaptation	terrible	progresses	bad			should have read the reviews before i saw it . terrible adaptation of the great comic book hellblazer is nothing short of a spit in the eye of the fans of the comic book with a terrible and down right crude performance by keanu reeves , who makes a joke out of one of the most beloved cult comic book characters made in the last twenty years . his performance is bad to the point of wanting to throw something at the screen just out of sheer rage . the screenplay is a joke and the dialog rages from bad to much worse as the movie progresses and the special effects are so badly done that the monsters would have been better off if they were puppets instead . some of the actors in the film are better than the film itself with great performances by rachel weisz , who is the only ray of light this movie really has and djimon hounsou , who is the only actor who does his comic book character any justice . despite rachel weisz , the movie is bad and not even her talent could have saved it .
2			sound	clear	it	due	songs	best	cd	new	gon	awesome			teen witch rereleased dvd and soundtrack . hey guys well , guess what with the rerelease of teen witch on dvd , the company has also decided to release the soundtrack on cd for the first time , the new cd will have clear and crisp sound and all the best songs it's due out in july somtime heres the site to pay attention to for the release . cant wait , its gonna be awsome
2			pictures	pretty	book	little	tree	big	book	great			delightful . great little board book . sweet story about a tree that's to big to be a christmas tree . so nice and the pictures are pretty .
1			quality	poor			poor quality . paper peeling off . looks better in the photo that it does when it arrives . not durable at all . i returned it .
2			camera	little	screen	large	camera	great	pictures	crisp	pictures	clear	camera	best	it	easy			best camera in this price catagory ! couldn not be happier ! it's a great little camera with all kinds of functions . and the pictures it takes are clear and crisp , never blurry or fuzzy . it's 3.3 megapixels will not disappoint ! it's easy to use , a very simple price , picture quality , style of the camera itself , large lcd screen , red eye reduction flash works great , holds 96 pictures at once , expandable with flash cardscons loves to eat batteries must have a charger , time and date reset each time batteries are changed , preferences also reset to factory default each time batteries are changed .
2			quality	vocal	maturity	real	instrumentation	rich	band	good	wasn	bad no	instrumentation	beautiful	music	good	it	difficult	it	clear			good music . awful vocals & lyrics . it is clear that these guys are a group of talented musicians . their instrumentation is rich and beautiful and this is showcased best on futuro live and the beginning of sun live . it's a shame that they have to start singing because it all falls apart when they do and becomes so sugary awful and pedestrian that it is difficult to bear . the lead singers vocal quality is straining and nasal . the lyrics reveal a lack of any real poetic maturity which would be forgivable is the singing wasn not so bad . perhaps they will grow into a good band or fade into obscurity .
2			prequel	great			great prequel to the game but not a very good stand alone title . i enjoyed the movie as a prequel and because of the background story of flynn and yuri but disliked some of the slower paced scenes and animated fight scenes , i thought it could have been a lot better . at the end of the day i think that any fan of tales of vesperia should watch a movie that helps add some depth to the story and characters
1			it	terrible	me	sick	guy	good	guy	bad	movies	good	girl	young	it	intriguing	it	hard			sick . it was intriguing at first , but as the movie went along it was terrible . it made me sick to watch this young girl create such violence . the other problem was that it was hard to really root for her because the plot didn not connect you with the actress , such as in good movies where you are really cheering the good guy on i never knew who was the good guy or who was the bad guy . would definitely not recommend this movie to anyone .
1			quality	awful	selections	loud no	dance	instructional	moves	authentic	one	bad	quality	bad			bad sound quality . i have taken swing and lindy hop for several years and watched lots of dance instructional and aerobic videos , and this one was pretty bad . i was expecting a lot more from the video , because they are all amazing dancers . the sound and video quality were awful . i could barely hear the instructor and the music selections were not loud enough and did not have enough energy . instead of starting with a stretch and picking up the tempo , they kept switching between dance / aerobics and stretching on the floor . the video never picked up any momentum . swing is about energy . this video did not have it . although , they do teach authentic swing moves that you can learn and throw in your dancing . overall , if you want to learn swing and get a killer workout , take lessons or go to a dance .
2			descriptions	detailed	fashion	old	all	great	fashion	little	it	visual	technique	black	it	good	descriptions	basic	facts	important	man	natural	technique	different	horse	natural	book	great			natural horse man ship six keys to a natural horse human relationship . i bought this book for my daughter she thought it was good but did prefer john lyons and pat parelli's dvd better as it was visual and this book was against some of her own ideas but a great book if you like the techniques that pat parelli uses phrases a little old fashion for the younger generation and therefore my daughter found his relationship to the horses a little hard to understand as she did not know the people he refered does teach all about respect for the horse and from the horse and is well described none the less . a lot of important facts about how to teach a horse , use of spurs , trailer loading , tools , yeilding and many basic detailed descriptions of cantering , techniques of he rein , timing , desensitizing , voice cues and much more . a great all in one book with black and white a different technique to john lyons which she decided she liked best after reading this book
2			headphones	great			failure . these headphones were great at first , but then failed right ear stopped working after 3 months . i sent the orginal pair back to the manufacturer for a replacement , but the replacement pair also failed with the same problem after a couple more months . stay away from these .
2			mug	great			great mug . i bring this mug traveling with me as i know it will keep my coffee hot for a decent amount of time . happy with the purchase .
2			pieces	finest	writer	great	book	great			terrific . this is a great book . i wish i had known about it years ago . lewis thomas is just a great writer , full of personality and wonder . the first thing you should read is the essay on warts . i know . why would anyone write about warts ? it's one of the finest pieces of writing i have read , and i recommend it to anyone . uplifting , makes you proud and humble to be a human being .
2			albums	excellent	nights	hot	way	big	favorite	excellent	it	great	day	hard	albums	next	victories	excellent	victories	little			dakota is back ! dakota fans rejoice ! they are back in a big way and keep getting better . the first track hot nights and last standing man rock you from the start as the lyrics explain the band's perspective on uniting , writing and performing again . there are philosophical messages to be appreciated as the smoking guitars , keyboards and airtight harmonies expand your consciousness and move something deep inside of you . it gets better with every listen and is great for the sole driver on his commute home after a hard day's work . you will love belting out dakota tunes . the band's next two albums , little victories and deep 6 favorite are both excellent .
1			design	bad			bad design . the solder on the board cracks at the rf connector and the signal gets weak . i have resoldered the board twice in 5 months . i got excellent signal when first installed but the signal keeps getting weak . i found the solder joints in the board was cracked . the cable is tapped to the mask , so there is no pressure on the rf connector . just bad design .
1			ray	high	rip	total	bars	black	transfer	old	titles	worst	definition	high no			it's a blu ray alright , but not high def ! this is one of the worst blu ray titles i have ever encountered . for starters , while the movie was originally released in 1.85 1 widescreen , the old video transfer here is 1.33 1 pillarboxed , with black bars needlessly on either side of the image . worse , however , is the fact that this is a total rip off bordering on outright fraud . the feature film is presented not in 1080 or 1080 high definition , but in 720 standard definition . you might just as well buy the dvd ; the picture quality essentially will be the same . technically the movie has been burned onto a blu ray disc , but how can gaiam and let me state the distributor's name once again gaiam get away with calling this a proper blu ray when it most definitely is not waste your money !
2			pocket	little	strap	large	bag	great	supplies	extra	strap	adjustable	bag	little			great little bag . this bag holds your mask , fins and has a little pocket for extra supplies . it's lightweight , if you take it in the water it dries quickly . it has a large adjustable strap so it fit easily across my shoulders . it is exactly as advertised
2			movie	great			its great . i will tell you jason scott lee is the only guy ive seen that can accuratly capture bruce's pesonality this is a great movie .
2			book	valuable	book	little	account	personal	death	realistic	way	different	death	spiritual	sensitivity	great	workers	professional			a must for hospice workers ! for oncology workers , professional or otherwise , and for all hospice workers , including volunteers , this little book is exceedingly valuable . the book is a collection of anecdotal stories of the dying process of a variety of individuals . the stories are written with great sensitivity , wisdom , and gentle humor . at the close of each chapter is an inspiring prayer , relevant to the situation just described . the authors have written a very personal account of their experiences with the dying . this book i believe , will lead the reader into a different way of looking at death a way both practical and realistic , as well as highly spiritual .
2			overview	great	influential	important	methods	various	job	effective	examples	numerous	background	little			great overview of nlp and geometric methods . this is a great overview of nlp and various geometric methods of linguistic analysis . i do research in the field of computational linguistics and it was refreshing to see how widdows was able to distill the essence of many important , influential papers and present these topics in an interesting and engaging manner . he includes numerous examples , graphs , and other supplemental material that do an effective job at getting his points across . those with little formal mathematical background might find some parts intimidating , but if they stick it out , they will find it to be worth the effort .
2			it	funny	book	great	it	cool			maximum boy starring superhero or super thief . i recommend maximum boy because it's funny and cool . maximum boy's mission is to stop the evil maximum boy . maximum boy's lawyer , lester boogerfinger is supposed to be a defense attorney , but he's really a patent attorney . this is so funny . it's a great book and kids will love it .
2			daughter	old	idea	great			great idea but it never worked . my husband and i bought this toy for our 8 year old daughter for christmas and we can not get the thing to work . we have replaced batteries , messed with the film etc but to no avail . when you pull the lever to take a picture nothing happens . what a disapointment .
2			item	great	water	extra	price	great			take your salad for a spin . this is a great kitchen item to have , it really gets out the extra water and allows your favorite dressing to cling to the salad . a must have at a great price .
2			you	happy	way	big	cd	worth	it	great	you	glad	customer	great	song	great	something	wrong	song	worth			awesome cd ! neal is back in a big way . great ! this cd is worth every penny ! buy it and you will be very happy you did . every song is great and worth listening to over and over . if the country music awards shows nominating commitees don not acknowledge this one , than something is wrong with the industry ! i bought it because i couldn not get billy's got his beer goggles on outta my head ! after reading the other great customer reviews on how good the whole cd is i had to go out and buy it ! well , i m telling ya it is great ! you will be glad you did . buy this one ! neal you have yourself a winner !
2			album	great	newspaper	local			great album . i bought this cd after seeing it reviewed in a local newspaper . i find myself turning to it more and more . bluesy / rock and even a bit of bluegrass sound very different .
2			acting	natural	video	great			best of british humour . this is a great video and a pleasure to watch such natural acting combined with the best of british humour
1			girls	old	wake	bad			invasion of the body snatchers , who took megadeth ! whoa , i have never been so disapointed with any music before . where did all those ripping solos go ? dave used to write guitar riffs that put all others to shame . how the hell can marty friedman play thru a whole album without soloing ! hopefully the guys will read their bad reviews and wake up , don not take advice from lars ulrich anymore dave , what , are they trying to garner an audience of 6 year old girls ? this album actually sounds unnatural , contrary to human nature to listen to ! spice girls are more listenable than this ca ca .
2			camera	little	camera	great	product	best	it	easy	it	small	mp	great			fujifilm finepix f 50 d 12 mp camera . pros 12 mp is great for zooming and zooming and not losing clarity . it is small and easy to use . video with sound is very the display is the only viewfinder , difficult to see if you got the shot during bright sunlight . overall a great little 12 mp camera . i really enjoy it . i would highly recommend it to anyone beginner or advanced . the best image stabilization product i have used so far .
2			book	great			monk is at his funniest on his meds ! this was a great book , monk takes his medicine again and it's a riot ! best of the 3 monk books i have read so far !
2			popper	great			great popcorn popper ! we love it . we bought this popcorn popper to use for our son's birthday party and on boy scout camp outs but have been using it at least once a week at home since we got it in augu st
2			series	awesome			edited fake series . this not the series from showtime don not buy this its the canada edited version the only american version of this series is season 1 and is not edited i m hoping time life or some other company comes out with the full versions of these shows . because the series is awesome . i will be waiting till then .
1			thing	bad	voice	nice	girl	new			fantastic ! apl reppin for dem filippinos . well . i love this the only thing i was gonna mention is that the new girl known as fergie stacie ferguson sp ? yeah . well she was in wild orchid ! strange egh ? image changed . alot . for someone born in 1975 i mean , yeah nice voice & i would of thought black eyed peas would of added a more hip hop / r&b / rap groupie . yea no ? someone thats been in the underground rap scene for long while . yet they got stacie from wild thought yal should know dont get me not sayin its a bad thing .
1			artists	bad	album	real	artists	original			not the original artists , pretty bad . don not repeat my mistake . i wasn not paying enough attention that amazon gave me an alternate recommendation when i was searching for the real album of these tracks the premier collection , andrew lloyd webber and now i can not send it back . don not repeat my error . get the original ! scott
1			books	worst	characters	unbelievable	nationsc	united	couple	intriguing	characters	thin	novel	poor	leather	credible	developments	particular			a very poor novel . the first couple of pages of not he power are intriguing and promise to develop into a gripping thriller . however , after that it is downhill all the way . this is possibly one of the worst books that i have ever read . the characters are paper thin , and completely unbelievable . the dialogue is mundane and pedestrian . the development of the plot is juvenile , it reminds me of the universal baddies such as smersh from the man from the united nationsc . l . e . the 'stage whisper comments from the characters explaining the significance of particular plot developments are insulting to the readers a far more credible , readable and enjoyable thriller read stephen leather .
2			he	amazed	seat	great	item	great	it	little			my son loves it . the aquarium bouncer is a great item for my son . the first time we put him in it his eyes got wide and he was totally amazed by it . he loves to watch the plastic fish move around and likes the sounds it makes . it can be a little over stimulating for him though . he usually only spends 5 -10 minutes with the aquarium part on it . but he will spend longer periods in the chair without the aquarium attachment . it is a great seat for him when he's watching his baby einstein dvd .
1			book	bad			bad book . very boring , not much else to say . narrative style didn not impress me . once again very boring
2			fluidity	inspiring	style	inspiring	journey	fantastic			a fantastic journey to . where ? eco's style and fluidity are again inspiring . oh to be roberto ! some of the time . at times i find myself a stowaway , at times i m an adventurer . sadly , i m only looking towards the end of the chapter so that i may put the book down at a convenient place and go to sleep . it took me two months to tredge through this disappointment . if only eco could keep up .
1			movies	worst	part	best			absolutely distasteful . dear reader , i m not here to bash this film for the sake of it but in all of truth mankind ever told , this has to be one of the worst movies i have seen this year . do not watch it or like me , you will never wish to watch animated comedy films again . the best part of the film was the end because you knew the torture was over . this movie lacks sense of humor and induces more yawn than rib tickling in peace , family guyi m not watching the show im not lying , this is really sad .
2			buy	great	toothbrush	great			great toothbrush . i love this toothbrush and will order another in a few months to replace this one . great buy .
2			dvd	great	you	new	workout	great			great workout . i have been doing kickboxing for years and wanted to have a workout option for home when i couldn not get to the gym for a class or they didn not offer a class at a convenient time . i have been purchasing fitness videos for two decades now , and kelly's dvd's are one of the be st this dvd is great for those that are familiar with kickboxing . if you are new , you are able to stop and rewind the dvd to master the combinations . it may take a few times to master some of the combinations , but well worth it , so don not give up . again , as with the other two dvd's that i purchased from kelly muscle definition and weights , the dvd allows you to tailor your workout to your needs and time . it also shows someone doing a modified version of some of the moves if you are a beginner . i highly recommend this dvd to both seasoned kickboxers and beginners . you won not be disappointed !
1			movie	bad	script	bad	expectation	great	faces	familiar	footage	important	release	original			i had a great expectation for this . what would you get if you took a bad script , uninspired acting , ww 2 stock footage , scenes from tora ! tora ! tora ! and put it in a blender and mixed it around ? the answer midway ! this reeaallly bad movie suffers from everything . ww 2 stock footage is over used most of it didn not even take place during the battle of midway and the scenes from tora ! tora ! tora ! are out of place . a corny love interest gets in the way of the action too much . lot's of familiar faces in this , but their acting is uninspired , and the script is dreadful . about 30 minutes of important footage was cut out of the original release including the battle of the coral sea . please , avoid this film !
2			line	great			reformulated and repackaged . glytone used to be a great product line silver jars . this is a new and improved product white jars . it rolls off the skin and cracks it insted of smoothing it . i will be switching to another line .
2			it	awesome	music	sophisticated	metal	heavy	bands	hard	rock	hard			no joke . i just love these guys . on this , thier maiden voyage , boc does something few bands can do ; they maintain the garage band enthusiasm with very sophisticated music and dark lyricism . these two attributes will always serve as thier touch stones . it's unlike anything else . hard rock , heavy metal , psychadelic , twisted pop bands are hard to find . well , you have found it ! beautiful , yet haunting offerings about jokes , dealing dope , pretty feet , dirt bikes , let girls rock too , satan's hogs , burning cities , yet they manage to sneak in an easily palatable country christmas song redeemed ! the bonus tracks i have heard only the amazon snippets of , but hell , iceing on the cake . i don not know what else to say . it's awesome !
2			isn	bad no			wish i could get my money back ! this film isn not bad , the premise for the storyline isn not bad , the acting , not bad , but oh my god it is so very very boring ! you can get up off the couch , make a cup of coffee , catch up on a few emails , and you will of missed nothing , in fact you could miss 90 of this film , just watch the beginning & the end for 10 mins or so , and your sorted ! there no substance to this film & it shows , a male ghost staring at a woman for days on end . yawn fest !
1			off	little	nothing	bad			good , but has issues . these are clearly fine players who have captured the nuances of these fine works . however , i found the recording to be boomy sounds like it was recorded in a barn . and at times the intonation is a little off . nothing is too bad , but it sounds like they didn not get too many takes to create the perfect recording which is the standard nowadays .
2			success	commercial	songwriting	great	i	happy			excellent addition to any collection . i have had this for over a year and it keeps me coming back . great songwriting , guitar work , and production . somehow it manages to be depressing and uplifting at the same time . i can not understand why this album didn not have more commercial success , but i m happy as long as i m in on the 'secret .
2			city	great	appreciation	new	chicagoan	native	way	realistic			a refreshing look at a great city ! not only does the book serve as an aesthetic gem , but also , looking beyond the beauty of terry evans photographs , the book subtly reveals chicago's unique history as well as some of the issues facing the region . i thought the way the book was arranged to exhibit the positive , without completely neglecting the negative , was refreshingly realistic . as a native chicagoan , i gained a new appreciation for the city and was reminded of why i have always loved living here .
2			bipod	best	item	great			tatical bipod / grip . great item i used it in airsoft wars . it withstands mud , rain , and snow . great item for a very very cheap price . i bought a $ 50 grip / bipod and it broke in a week . best grip / bipod ever made .
2			overstatement	ridiculous	point	good	effect	great	government	central	hyperbole	bad no	observation	direct			hyperbole . alex kerr's argument seems to have won a lot of readers over , not necessarily with cogent points & a judicious use of factual evidence , but with heated statements that border on hyperbole . while hyperbole is not necessarily bad , and can be used to great effect at times , kerr's overuse of it ruins the one good point he had namely his expose , as it were , he himself admits he doesn not have access to all the facts of the central government's corruption . for example , he explains that all of japan's rivers & seacoasts have been covered over in concrete , when this is definitely not the case . i highly doubt kerr visited every river , stream , & coast in japan to confirm this very dubious & completely ridiculous overstatement . given the tendency for overstatements , it seems that perhaps kerr wrote the book elsewhere & relied more on his memory which as everyone knows can distort than direct observation .
2			support	slow	size	total	updates	major	thing	great	issues	major	ms	helpful	files	big			major issues . i bought this product based on recommendations , roxio reputation and $ 40 in rebates . i made a mistake and should have gone with nero . emc 7 will just quit in the middle of some operations , mostly when it works with big files . when i point to some dvd files and try to open them , the program will shut down . no erros or nothing like that , it will just quit . roxio released 2 major updates about 200 b in total size which fixed some of the issues . still , even after upgrades , the program hangs and prevents my system from shutting down . you have to manually kill one of the running background processes to get the system to turn off . the only great thing about emc 7 is user groups . if you have a problem do not ask roxio their email support is slow and inaccurate . instead , use roxio user foru ms your questions and problems will be answered within a day and the staff is extremely helpful . not their fault roxio is pushing bloatware .
1			structure	confusing	condition	wrong	langugee	poor	language	poor	materials	good	designs	big	errors	critical			poor langugee and critical errors . this book presents some good materials . two big designs can be used with some careful . the language used is poor . the language structure is confusing and the user might need to read a paragraph several times to understand the author . i think some of the materials were translated from another language to english without any thought . there are some critical design errors . for example he uses this equation to detect an overflow when he treats the thumb cpu v flag alu out `word size ! alu out `word size -1 ; the condition is wrong and causes any conditional branch to fail . i challenge the author if he tested the rtl code before publishing his book . i think a second edition is needed . i was expecting to have better quality for the money i paid .
1			author	worst	math	technical	it	useless	sap	familiar no	sap	poor			worst math author ever . this individual , stan gibilisco , continues to write book after book despite his inability to write a math first book of his that i purchased , technical math , was so badly written that it was totally useless . i swore that i would never buy another book by this author . i evidently forgot his name until i purchased this book . however after starting the first chapter and not believing a math book could be so badly written , his name hit time fortunately i was able to return the book . evidently publishers do not read readers reviews . or maybe they don not care because some poor sap , that is not familiar with the author , will purchase his book . if they did care , they wouldn not hire him for another of the subjects sound really interesing until you see who the auther is and then you know to forget it .
2			rating	high	task	easy	it	great			lemon ? i bought this model vacuum due to it's high rating from consumer reports . ironically , in the three months i have had it , it has suffered two broken belts changing the belt is no easy task , either ! it took three weeks for hoover to deliver the first replacement belt , so it has probably been out of action as long as it has been working . when it works , it is great . i just wish it worked more often .
2			band	great	feelin	lucky	kienzle	rich	feelin	new	english	poor	i	french	lover	great	style	new	me	big	sandy	big	band	original	album	next			disappointed . first , sorry for my poor english as i m french . i used to be a great lover of big sandy 's music . i have seen them twice with fly right trio and boys each time it was killer performances . i loved all their albums except the doo woop one as i don not like this style very much . for me big sandy and his boys were a great original western swing band who don not only cover bob wills tunes but try to make something new feelin kinda lucky is a killer in that direction . but now where are they going ? i i don not look only for western swing music but i definitely don not like this new style except the two instrumentals that's why i give two stars where's the energy and creativity of ashley and lee i keep on loving his steelin style . even big sandy seems to boring . i m not desesperate and keep looking for their next album but at that time i completely agree with rich kienzle .
1			i	deep	music	bad			if you hype it they will buy . a little to much like there bad music but theres deffinetly the other reviwer , song number five is not the song i would sit around dreaming i could this is as deep as it gets i really dont know what the world is coming to believe all the hype . there are way better artists and records out there to spend your hard earned cash on . people who are obsessing over these guys just dont put in enough time and effort to find for the record the singer also looks to have a slight case of down syndrome ? ? ?
1			movie	worst			hideous . this is absolutely , without doubt , the worst movie i have ever had the ! @ ! @$ ! $ ! $ ! pure lame !
1			landfill	local	purchase	worst			garbage . the popeil showtime rotisserie platinum edition was the worst purchase i have ever made . the rotisserie kept falling off and the door would work smooth . my ronco can now be found in our local landfill .
2			room	small	choice	great			so glad we bought this ! i was not even sure if i was going to buy a mobile for my daughter's crib . we had a gift certificate and my husband picked this . at first i thought it was ugly but what a great choice ! ! my daughter , now two months , loved it right away . it keeps her entertained for more than 30 minutes . she smiles , coos , and kicks with joy when she looks at it . i don not bother with the remote . the room is small and the crib is only about 7 feet from the door .
1			miracles	ridiculous	movie	hate	it	hate	name	bad	i	religious no	people	religious	movie	hard	people	religious no	fiction	wrong	event	magical	miracles	fun	it	easy	thing	worth			surrelistic , but . a critic once said that this movie is like walking through sand dunes with led boots . it's very easy to agree with that . there are so many plot holes in this movie , i don not know where to begin . the writers try to cover up these plot holes with random occurences that we are supposed to believe just because we are in a fantasy world . miracles can be fun , but watching a magical event , one after another for 2 hours , is ridiculous . i love fantasy movies , but this just does fantasy and science fiction all wrong , and gives it a bad name . i m not very religious , but what i notice is that people who are not religious hate this movie for it's views . funny thing is , most people who are religious hate it even movie is hard to stomach , the only thing that is worth watching are the absolutely beautiful computer rendered reccomended .
2			smells	great	it	great	i	ok			bad for oily skin . pros smells nicedoesn not clog poresoil freecons way too hydratingi have oily skin and since it said oil free on the back , i figured i might be ok . i woke up with basically an oil slick on my face . i used it for about a week and it's just way too hydrating . it feels non greasy but it causes my face to produce so much oil ! it smells great and would probably be great for someone with drier skin , but definitely not for me . right now i m just using it on my neck and hands so i would at least get something out of it lol
2			shape	great	shows	new	shipping	awesome			i love this show ! i have been waiting for a while for this season to come out on dvd . i stumbled upon this show over the internet since i don not have cable / satelite and i have been hooked ever since ! i try and watch their new shows on the internet but sometimes i forget so having the dvds really helps me catch up . i ordered both parts of the season at once and i ended up not paying for shipping which is awesome saving $ 4.00 and i paid only $ 2.00 more for both parts of the season than what it costs in some retail stores for one part . part one played great and came in great shape .
1			effects	terrible	ity	terrible	acting	bad	story	terrible	acting	terrible	movie	good	qua	poor			stay away . this movie is poor film qua ; ity , a borring story , extremely bad acting , and the gore effects are terrible . not a good movie in any way , shape or form .
2			book	great	people	different			a great book ! this is a book that everyone should read ! it's really moving and might even teach younger kids lessons about people who are only different by the color of their skin .
1			immitation	bad	they	good	comradery	real			too bad . you know when i heard their cd i thought that they might actually be good enough to really make it . this dvd was a disapointment . puberty has taken it's toll on the group . they can not even sing their songs . the other thing is you can not see any real comradery between the members . there is something between greg and chris , but that's all . seeing them live after seeing backstreet boys and nsync , dream street seems like a bad immitation .
2			toy	great	scent	strong	scent	difficult			great play doh toy . this is a great play doh toy . the saw works and keeps my son fascinated . i gave it 4 stars because i do not like the wood scented play doh . the white play doh that is included has a strong wood scent that is difficult to wash off hands .
2			width	great	cutter	great			great cutter . sturdy cookie cutter , not flimsy at all . great width all around , no problems when removing cookies from pan at all .
2			films	great			wonderful collection . this is the most wonderful collection that i have seen in a long time . it has all my favorite mussicals in one set and they look and sound better than i could have imagined . i love it and would advise anyone to get it for your library . every child should see these great films at least once .
2			reader	heavy no	book	great			great book . about a month ago i bought this book before i left on a family vacation . my flight was a 4 hour flight and i read the book the whole flight . i was hooked to this book and i didn not want to put it down when i finally landed . it keeps you in suspense and i couldn not wait to read what happened next . this is a great book to buy even if you aren not a heavy reader , you will become hooked
2			songwriters	good	music	great			first lou reed cd i purchased . i mainly bought this album because of the rouge song which i heard on the movie before night falls . this was the only song , it turns out , that i liked . i don not like any of his songs in this album . the only other lou reed music i have is from when he was in the velvet underground . why is it that most of the good singer songwriters in the 60 s and 70 s don not have great music later in their career . like robert plant and others that have slipped my mind , can not listen to their late stuff either . i wish i could have just bought the rouge song instead of the whole album .
2			book	good	moving	real	it	appropriate	discussions	great			intense , real , moving . i started out reading this because my son's 6 h grade class was reading it . this brought up intense emotions ! created the background for some great discussions with my son . a good book . i would definitely recommend it , although , i don not think it is appropriate for under 12 -14
1			review	bad	review	original			ok it works . it works . my original review was bad but then i figured it out . i just want to say it need better instructions . i had forgotten that i needed to use the connector . but not bad overall .
1			story	worst	stars	stars no	drivel	terrible	quality	low	chavez	major			how do i select zero stars ? besides the mistakes in the typeset and the grammatical errors by the author , the story was possibly the worst i have ever read . please do your best to ignore the ill advised remarks on the back cover and in the page for the book made by major chavez ; he must have owed the author a is evident that the author has a beef he never resolved with his academy experience , and thus he makes the reader suffer . please take my word as an officer in the us air force and a graduate of the usaf academy , this book by no means accurately represents the academy experience and administration . while some of his points and critiques are valid , the author blows them out of proportion with his obvious grudge . i love , but nobody deserves to profit further through sales of this terrible , low quality drivel .
1			movie	bad	it	bad			ouch ! can a movie be this bad ? it's too bad because there were terrific actors involved . but the story ? yuk !
1			photos	sharp	quality	poor	lens	good	advise	general	optics	poor	something	wrong			sub par and dissapointing tamron 28 -80 m pass ! off the bat i did not purchase this lens via however , i offer this as general advise on the product alone . the lens strictly stating , is an unbelievably shocking underperformer . shooting from aperature priority in all ranges to shutter priority , the lens is simply poor quality . it never reaches are asonable looking sharp photos and ultimately fails in every catagory , from color to chromatic abberation . though you could consider this a tough good first lens to learn with except the fact that it may allude the first time dslr r to think something is wrong with their camera , when it's really the extremely poor optics of this tamron lens . i despise the canon 18 -55 m as well but the verdict of sharpness and linear quality is alternative to this focal range is superior in all shots . i offer you to pass on this lens entirely . b . o . l .
2			adapter	great	speeds	great			great wireless adapter fast surfing . very easy to setup , was up in minutes . and great and consistent speeds , thanks linksys !
2			resource	great	myths	irish	names	irish	interface	good	books	useful			great resource on the grail lore . ronan coghlan has done a who's who on grail lore , with wonderful illustrations by courtney davis . very readable , it lists all the characters surrounding arthur and the myths and legends legends of the knight of the round table . coghlan is the author of other useful books , dictionary of irish myths and legends and irish christian names . just not a list of people with a footnote of who they were , he fully references the listing with other writers of fiction and not only is this a super reference to grail lore is a good interface in history as also covers places as well as people . highly recommended for all grail library .
2			inspiration	great	four	strong			great inspiration , but outdated content . i give this a strong four because it is teaching me how and why to for me that's more valuable , but some of the examples are outdated . you are probably better off with a flashmx book at this point .
2			ones	awesome	woodard	fabulous	work	hard	sense	marvelous			informative and entertaining . this unique and fascinating book by bystedt , who was so perceptive to interview these actors at the start of their careers , makes for terrific reading . keanu reeves , who at 23 gives the impression of being a bundle of unsettled energy , with intelligence and a marvelous sense of pitt , hilarious and quite down to earth at 24 the same age as a profound and thoughtful johnny depp . the exquisitely beautiful alfre woodard , so wise at 33 a perplexing robert downey jr at 22 there's a total of 24 interviews , and the photographs are fabulous . the ones of reeves , depp , and jason priestly are simply awesome ! this book is a glimpse into what makes some actors break forth and get known , while so many others fail . a lot of these future stars seem to have hard work and the love of it in common , as well as quick minds and curiosity .
2			album	great	album	black	me	wrong			great album enough said . i personally agree with everone else about how great this album is , except for one thing it does not run over the black album . dont get me wrong i listen to master of puppets usually every day but also the black album . i feel that their self titled album has more organized riffs than puppets thats why i gave it five stars .
2			i	old	supplement	great	game	great			great supplement to a great game . until recently i had no idea that this book existed . i received riven as a christmas present in 1997 i was ten years old . i also received the official strategy guide , which in the back contained an interview with the miller brothers . from that point on i was fascinated with game design and story writing , and enthralled by the world of myst and riven for years to come . this book contains interviews with the game designers , technicians , and dreamers behind this wonderful game series . the book is beautifully composed as well . over 14 inches by 10 with full page , full color glossy illustrations , it shows the game world as it could not be experienced on a 640 480 pixel display . this book , like the game's ages , will bring a rush of exhilaration as you learn about the creation of the beautiful worlds of that enthralling masterpiece riven .
2			daughter	old	missiles	soft	it	high	it	bad no			a hit in the whole neighborhood . bought this for our kids , 9 4 & 2 they are all having a blast playing with this toy . very simple and easy to operate . my 2 year old daughter can put the missile to the blaster and send it off with a foot . it is not bad for under 15 bucks . it comes with 4 missiles that is as soft as a nerf . wont hurt even it hits you on the face . the pump is sort of a rubbery plastic . my older kids can shoot it high as the roof . when we are playing this outside our townhouse neighborhood , all the kids can not wait for his turn . a sure big hit .
2			holder	attractive	holders	attractive no	holders	great	it	beautiful			attractive paper towel holder . so many of the paper towel holders on the market are unattractive and one works great and it's beautiful and unobtrusive . i love it !
2			stuff	basic	station	heavy	book	great			i m so confused . okay , my experiance with the njo series has been via audiocassette thanks to my job and how it takes me on travels . i mean heck , would you rather listen to a comercial heavy radio station or njo ? point madebut ya see , there's a problem with this audio . corrusant , not in there ; feylia , not in there ; tsvanglah's anger at only capturing one of the mighty twins to offer up to yun yuzhan on his attack of corrusant , not in there ; the grieving of the organa / solos , not in there ; viqhi sesh , you guessed it , not in they have in there , basic simple stuff like lando's ruse to appear betraying ; the dark jeedhi , anakin's death , jana acting all whiny and darkish because of it , oh and let us not forget vergere crying because of her betrayal of jacen . you see , this is a great book . but half amazon does not allow me to put this word in way through the novel , the tape shuts down . an abrigged version of this masterpeice is unacceptable .
2			quality	great			love it . i bought this movie for my toddler and she loved it . she loves the characters and the quality of the movie is great
2			development	great			liked this book a lot . 2 thumbs up . a lot of twists and turns i didn not expect . beautiful prose and great character development as well .
2			guide	helpful	map	little	map	best	guide	little	companion	great			trip planner . this little guide was very helpful in planing my trip to savannah , ga and charleston , sc . great companion to the best little map of savannah , ga and the best little map of charleston , sc , also , must haves for vactioning in these two cities .
1			taste	bad	she	right			depressing from a woman's viewpoint . oprah supposedly said that if you read this book , you will never trust men again . she's right ! but i found this book compelling reading ; i finished it in one day . however i was disappointed in the viewpoint that women are always victimized by men and by the stereotyping of airline pilots . the book just left a bad taste in my mouth .
2			screens	nice	system	great	advantage	effective	collection	great			excellent system . the ds lite is really a great system . nice , bright screens , convenient controls , excellent sound , decent battery life , etc i was a little weary of the double screens and touch input , but almost every game i have played takes excellent , effective advantage of both capabilities . great collection of games too . i have really been impressed .
1			attacks	powerful	attacks	short	visuals	stunning	game	bad			you can never go wrong with giant robots . well , let's first say that i have have yet to see hideo kojima do a bad game , and z . o . e . is no exception . like all of his previous and up coming works , z . o . e . features a complex storyline that twists with every step you take thoughout the game . also like his others works , the visuals are absolutely stunning . the control interface is quite seemless and within a matter of minutes you will find yourself doing complicated and highly powerful short and long range attacks . i will say that the part that i enjoy the most is the close in engery sword duels with the enemy you are a fan of macross , neo genesis , or even escaflowne will find this to be a fine addition to their ps 2 collection , and those who are fans of hideo kojima will enjoy both z . o . e . and the metal gear sons of liberty demo .
1			drifter	high	acting	worst	scene	painful	script	ridiculous	acting	awkward			the pale rider . i m a fan of clint eastwood but not this movie . the acting is awkward and the script is a bit comical at times even though i m sure it's not meant to be . the scene between clint's character and the daughter is painful to professes her love for clint's character even though he's been in town only a few days . his acting in this scene is the worst i have ever seen however the ridiculous script left little to work with . all in all a forgettable western in the clint collection . if you are itching for a clint western gowith the unforgiven , high pains drifter , the good the bad and the ugly or the outlaw josie wales and steer clear of the pale rider .
1			it	bad			a mindless boring button mashing game with heroes in it . i finished the game and had to write a review on this game because it was so bad . the game is basically a button mashing game with no excitement . i found myself trudging through the game just so that i could finish it . otherwise i would have spent a lot of money for nothing . if you are a novice gamer , you will get bored with this game . if you are a veteran gamer , you will stop playing in ten minutes . don not waste your money on this game . it felt like a game the company rushed to put out in order to cash in on the super hero craze and / or holiday spending . there are many games out there that are super hero games out there that are a whole lot better like x men legends i and ii . they even came out way before this dud .
2			clean	good	story	great			the winner . this is a great story and a page turner for me . i am always a fan of baldecci . good clean read as always
2			music	great	movie	great	production	good			great movie . i saw this movie years ago . i fell in love with eddie and the music is great . i collect all kinds of movies and my husband was going to get the eddie movies for me one year for christmas . he could not find them anywhere . please bring these back out as a set ! the movie and the music to too good to stop production .
1			ish	bad	page	old	connection	real	book	different	wizard	original	read	good	i	excited	book	good			man that was bad . i was incredibly excited to read this book . i had heard so many wonderful things . i think the five star reviewers must have had a different book . i read about 100 pages of this drudgery and took it back to the library . thank god i didn not pay money for it . there was no character development evident , no real connection to any of the characters and no character motivation . it was just random events thrown together . a good book has both plot and character development . this book had neither . elphaba jumps from a baby to a 17 year old in one page , and then everything is from glinda's pov . i thought this was a book about the wicked witch ? if you want a good read , just go back and read the original wizard of oz and all the following books . those are classics . this is classically bad and almost propaganda ish
2			looks	great	price	great			amazing . if you are looking for an iraqi flag to buy you should get this one , i ordered this flag a few days ago and just got it and i love it . it looks great wherever you decide to put it in your house and also you get it for a great price , enjoy it d
2			product	great			sturdy and long lasting . this is the second flybar foam maverick pogo i have bought . the first was 4 years ago for my older daughter , and it still is in perfect condition . she is now a pro at the pogo and that is why my younger daughter wanted one also . great product ! no proble ms
2			you	interested	story	great	prose	great	entertainment	old	literature	great			the guns of navarone . i have to smile when i see people make so much of maclean's lack of writing syle or prose or some predictability of the story . come on folks , this is plain old action entertainment . . never meant to win literature awards . just enjoy yourself like you do when you read harry potter . you are not reading great literature , you are reading a fine story that keeps you interested , is fast moving and often keeps you on the edge of your seat . this is why so many of maclean's novels have made it to the screen . it's simply entertainment . you want great prose with your action ? step up to stevenson , dumas , cooper or sabatini . the guns is a great action story that moves quickly and keeps you interested all the way through . despite some predictability and weaknessess in the writing style , just enjoy it for what it is . . a 20 h century , wwii action story . read it and have fun !
1			it	bad			haunting . i picked up this book because i wanted to reinforce the fact that i don not have it that bad as compared to others . i gained so much from reading this book , but also once again realized how cruel us humans can be . i will never be able to understand the inner strength & unbounding faith mrs klein possesses . please read this book so that some periods in our history are not repeated !
2			book	easy	carby	little	plan	easy	exercise	great	plan	great			great exercise plan . book was well written and easy to understand . exercise plan is great and easy to keep up with . i don not totally agree with the eating plan , just a little carby for me . i am pairing the exercise plan with the protien power eating plan and it is working well for me . i am about 1 3 of the way through my first 12 week challange and am really starting to see some lean muscles popping out .
2			bible	great			great ! its a great audio bible . i didnt think the dramatization was over done at all . its very clear and understandable
2			brightness	right	silicone	similar	skies	clear	silicone	clear	light	great			astronomy modification . this light is really great for amateur astronomy light weight , very sturdy , battery efficient , a hole for a neck cord except i find the red light a bit too bright to comfortably read star charts . my fix squirt household goop or a similar clear translucent silicone caulk / adhesive into the conical area . i filled mine about halfway . it dims the red led's light and diffuses it for more even illumination . also , the silicone waterproofs and protects the led . you may wish to start with less than half and gradually fill until the brightness is just right for for the twist on , twist off , i leave it on for the whole time i m outside at night . on a neck cord , it shines straight down and bothers no one . clear skies !
2			book	great			perfect . thank you for the prompt delivery and the book arrived in the described condition . the book was great and i really love the whole series .
1			set	worst	everything	wrong	victory	true	disgrace	true	topic	entire			lotusscript . i can only agree with the comments below . if you want to study this topic and find something that adds more depth stay away from this awful book . not only does it say nothing that you can not get from the on line designer help documentation but it actively confuses the entire topic by getting nearly everything wrong including syntax errors and the worst set of exam examples i have ever seen . the person who proof read this appalling reference should be shot its a true disgrace to mh who have published some fine books on the notes certification route a true victory for sloppy workmanship and generally lazy publishing . spend your money on something better .
2			theme	central	fiction	great	book	great			great experimental fiction . a great book because it makes you realize a story does not have to be told sequentially and thus makes you question the nature of time a theme central to the book's plot . if you like this you also will probably like zelazny's doorways in the sand and lord of light .
2			men	modern	bible	great	bible	new	bible	good			great bible . i love my good new for modern men bible it means so much to me when i read god's word from it but i would not pay $ 145.00 for it . i really don not understand why they think they need to charge so much for gods wo rd i really hope they would rethink the amount they are charging for this bible . if it was around $ 50.00 i would love to replace mine , both covers have fallen off of mine but other than that i will continue to use it daily .
2			markers	old	one	black	replacement	great			hardly visible . i bought these to replace my old toxic smelling , fat tipped , dry erase markers . i use these to write reminders to myself on the bathroom mirror , so i thought these would be a great replacement . they are not . the ink coverage is not opaque , so you can hardly read what you have written . the black one is the most visible , but even so it is still quite watery looking .
2			looks	adorable	toy	great	place	good	looks	fun	replacement	tough			this is a dog party good time ! i bought this for my dog 18 months ago when she was a puppy . she loves it ! ! highly recommended , it looks fun . she carries the squirrels around in her mouth and it looks adorable and hilarious . she loves the squeak . even though this toy is absolutely dog and puppy approved i only gave it a 4 star rating . i marked it down by one star because the squirrels are easily torn up . i wish kyjen would make a tough squirrel replacement is a great busy activity toy . my dog burrows her head / mouth inside the plush tree trunk gettin them squirrels . even though the squirrels are easily torn up by over zealous dogs , i still recommend it . the jumbo version has been a good place to stuff all her plush toys to tidy up the room .
2			show	classic	megaset	great			outstanding ! this megaset is great ! the show is better than i remebered , i wish they were more seasons of this classic show !
2			software	great	sound	best	tutorial	easy			great recording software for do it yourself ers . the software did what it said it would do . the tutorial , with voice instruction , was easy to follow and hook up was a breeze . i was impressed with the many cleaning stages for eliminating the pops , clicks , and hiss from my lps and cassettes . considering the many features that came with the software , the price was a bargain . if you are a do it yourself person and not a computer wiz like myself , this is your recording software . i would highly recommend using the gold plate rca cables for best sound a recording quality .
2			you	great	fans	great			amazing . this is an amazing cd ! this mans voice is incredable . there is not one song that i dislike . i loved his performances on american idol , but this cd shows more of what he can do . all you clay fans are in for something great ! can not say much more , buy it and see for yourself .
2			bassinet	great	quality	great			great . this is a great quality bassinet . the changing table is a little akward being right in the middle but if that is the only complaint in life than we are doing great ! great quality , easy to set up and maintain , etc
2			songs	tight	effort	best	melodies	great	album	next			they just keep getting better . i have to admit , i didn not think they could top their last release sundown sky , but they have ! such is life is fantastic . the songs are mature , tight and hoppin ! the intelligent lyrics mingle with great melodies , making this their best effort yet . i am buying copies for all my friends ! my only complaint is that i was left wanting more . maybe their next album will be a double disc ? we can only hope . my recommendation get this cd and catch a band on the rise !
2			ccokbook	fantastic			fantastic . this is a fantastic ccokbook ! one of my favorite all time cookbooks . the dinner menus are supurbly elegant . a perffect addition to your library .
2			material	educational	looks	good	feet	golden	looks	nice	outfit	great	feet	tiny	face	great	costumes	ethnic	hair	good	outfit	mixed			great face , great outfit ! i don not care about the packaging or the educational material printed on the box . i unbox and redress my barbies , so i like this doll very much . she has an intelligent face , good hair for restyling , and an outfit that looks good on other dolls and can be mixed and matched . additionally , her skintone works with many ethnic costumes she looks really nice in a sari , for only thing i rate low on is durability , because of her feet . all the princess dolls have ridiculously tiny feet . they have the proportion of golden lotus bound feet .
2			winch	great	order	next			buy from someone else . the winch is great but do not buy it from amazon ! ! ! they do not back up what they are selling . they say the snach block is a standard feature but they do not send it and trying to get it is impossible enless you send the whole winch back and then there is no guaranty it will come in the next order after all that .
1			lesbian	worst	books	worst	reviews	high			just plain bad . i couldn not even get more than a few chapters in . this has to be one of the worst books of any genre i have read but definitely the worst lesbian erotica ever . i bought it based on the high reviews , but going back through them , it's apparent they are written by the same few people .
2			earthtones	rich	look	great	picture	marvelous	photo	original			a stunning portrait of a fascinating man . i bought this picture for someone who is a customer where i work , and we both think the quality on it is marvelous . this is a photographic reproduction of an original antique photo , blown up to portrait size and tinted in rich earthtones . it would look great matted and framed , which is what he's planning to do with it . this comes also with a printout biography page about padre pio . a five star product you will love !
1			shipping	bad	product	bad			bad product and bad shipping . i do not recommend this product and do not recommend amazon for products you need to work upon arrival .
2			product	great	hands	little	stuff	hot	skillets	hot	it	easy	handle	hot			hot stuff , comin though . i really like lodge ite ms i cook a lot in the kitchen and outdoors . i own many pieces of lodge cast iron cookware . the striped hot handle holders make it very easy to take hot iron skillets from oven to the table . i like them because my kids can use them too when we are camping by the fire , no burning of their little hands . all around great product .
2			game	great	game	new	tms	new			longer and better . this is a great new pokemon game ! more pokemon ! more trainers ! new tms ! much better graphics ! if u loved red , bloo , and yellobuy this now ! !
2			story	flat	wallace	great	book	horrible			much much worse than the movie . frankly , this book is pretty horrible . randall wallace may be a great at movie scripts , but he can not write novels worth beans . it doesn not seem as if he strives to make the reader bond with the characters ; as a result , the story is flat , undramatic , and unemotional , completely opposite from the movie . really , the novelization doesn not do the movie any justice
1			fan	huge	stuff	bad	it	hard			horrendous ! ! ! ! i have been a huge norm fan for years but this is just awful . i have seen norm live and that's the kind of stuff i would like to see on a cd . this stuff is just so painfully bad it's hard to get through the whole thing .
2			song	incredible	effort	best	talent	great			very hot their best effort to date . i own all of qr's works , they have become one of my favorite groups i used to go to grateful dead and jefferson airplane concerts in the late 60 s and early 70 s . i am writing this because i disagree with the 3 stars this album is shown with it is much better than that . i like every song on this album , all but 3 are just super show great talent of this group and incredible song composing abilities . plus , no filthy language . some other bands i like are garbage , weizer , 3 doors down , guano apes , allman brothers , grateful dead , face to face , pixies .
2			toy	great			my son can not get enough . he absolutely loves this playmat . he can spend 20 minutes there easily at one time ! he smiles , talks to the star and blinking lights and kicks the side bars like crazy to make the music play . a great toy !
2			songs	great	temptations	real	singles	good	music	bad	singles	great			ask a real temptations fan . not really the best . although all the songs here are mostly great the ommisions make this not a buy . i agree , beauty is only skin deep should absolutely be included . what about masterpiece ? maybe they should call this temptations some good and great singles . wheres psychedelic shack ? its not that theres bad music here , its just not the ultimate .
2			grandson	old	thirst	big	idea	great	feel	comfortable	toy	educational			incredibly wonderful toy . we bought this for our 6 year old grandson for christmas . he is a very inquisitive child that has a big thirst for knowledge , so when we saw brian the brain we thought it would be a great idea . when christmas morning arrived and he opened the toy , he couldn not put it down . this is the most mesmerizing toy i think any of our grandkids have seen . right away brian broke the ice with our grandson with his sense of humor and up to date way of speaking so that todays children understand him and feel comfortable with him . within minutes our grandson was quoting facts to us and trying to get all of us involved . i think anyone that is looking for the perfect educational toy for any child age 5 -13 should invest in brian because you won not be let down .
1			shadows	suck	enemy	worst			dark shadows sucks more than just blood . i found myself chuckling just once throughout the whole plot was weak and the dialogue mediocre to put it gently . would not recommend this movie even to my worst enemy
2			cd	new	works	great			washed up ? without trent reznor or twiggy , manson has been showing signs of weakness , this new cd lacks any force that we have seen on his other great works . over all this cd felt generic , washed up and i want my money back .
1			descriptions	detailed	story	ridiculous	story	good	seemed	foreign	book	worst	book	terrible			terrible book . this is the worst book i have ever read . this was written and printed like a 4 h grade book . it has no detailed descriptions and the plot was not taken as far as it should have been . the author added in cuss words that seemed foreign to the story , the triangle love story was completely ridiculous . it added nothing to the story except a way to fill in pages . the characters had no personalities . it could have been a good story had the author taken his time . i would not recommened this book . if you want to read it , go to your public library .
2			heritage	great	heaven	high	we	tired			slanderous . i consider myself a patriot , and am not highly enamored of my commander in chief , but he is my commander in chief , and he is out of office in one year so i wish to high heaven that all of the clinton bashers would just give it a rest , we are all sick and tired of it . savor our great heritage instead , enjoy a patriotic , uplifting novel like the triumph and the glory or the bridges of toko ri , and quit handing your book dollars over to sleaze like hitchins .
2			we	pleased	effort	extra	taste	worth	cup	hot	amount	small	coffee	great			resevoir . we purchased this coffeemaker after much deliberation . it makes great coffee and has a warm temp hot enough to suit my husband who is a stickler for a hot second cup . our only complaint is the resevoir is hard to pour the water into . i would spill it on the counter every time . we solved this problem by keeping a funnel nearby that fits perfectly in the resevoir . it greatly reduced the amount of spillage . the taste of the brew is well worth the small amount of extra effort . we are very pleased with our purchase .
2			i	happy no	loaves	large	produc	great	it	dangerous	oven	hot			it's to wide . i bake a lot of bread , in fact i have not bought bread for over a year now . i bought this item as i was looking for a great non stick produc and it is ! however that's where my appreciation for this product ends . i think it's actually dangerous to put this product into a hot oven because it's too flexible . i m afraid i will burn myself as it flexes so i don not use it very often . update , after using this for some time now i m used to the flexing & it doesn not concern me as much as it did in the beginning . additionally , the pan is so wide that i m not happy with the height of the loaf . the width makes toasting difficult & sometimes the slices will not fit into a sandwich size bag . if you happen to make very large loaves , then perhaps this is the pan for you .
1			fiction	worst			inheritance . this book has to be the worst ya fiction ever . unrealistic . had to give it one star because you require it .
1			movie	best	character	main	movie	worst	kids	little	her	hate	it	best			great for otaku , but dubbies will be confused . this is either the best , or worst sailor moon movie , depending on who you are . for me , it's the best , but that's because i m an otaku , and i know everything about sailor moon , right down to the most obscure characters . my obsession has no bounds . but for little kids , or people just getting introduced to the world of anime through sailor moon as most north american girls are this movie can be confusing and just plain wei rd but i will reveiw for those of you who know a bit about sailormoon . d chibi usa is the main character in this one . i used to hate her before i saw this movie , but now i don not mind her so much . the plot has a lot to do with candy and sugary type things and sweetness and love , so if you are not used to an overload in the cuteness department , then this may not be for you . oh well . just buy the thing anyway ! support sailor moon !
2			cd	great	songs	gentle			great cd for kids . i bought this for my kids , and we listen to the music together . the songs are soft , gentle and bible based .
2			one	interested	toys	great			pretty bad . i might love the music of the 80 s , but the decade did churn out some pretty cheesy works in the realm of cinema . this film highlights that fact pretty well . i loved the masters of the universe action figures , but this movie just doesn not link with those great toys at all . it spends too much time on a pair of teenagers on earth who no one is interested in . if the script would have replaced both of them with moss man , then maybe the movie could have been somewhat did there have to be a fight in a music store anyway ? that's not what masters of the universe is supposed to be all about . fight in a place that's awesome , darnit ! this ain not performance of the guy who played skeletor is the only thing that saves this movie from getting one star .
1			it	light	product	worst			terrible . this was probably the worst product i ever bought on line . it is so light it bounces all over when you try to use it . i would actually give it a 0 star rating if that were possible .
2			music	heavy	band	good	markets	great	ones	good	band	real	deris	new	songs	good			trying to improve . with new singer andy deris now completely integrated in the band , helloween tries once more to stablish themselves as a real good rock band . but they are not suceeding , i will tell you . this cd has good songs power is pure energy , the slow ones are good , also , but it seems helloween turned themselves definitely into one of a lot of bands that are bravely doing what is necessary to survive in the hostile environment we have , nowadays , towards heavy music . at least in the great markets . but , anyway you look at it , their creativity was gone after the two keeper of the seven keys albuns , or when kai hansen left the band .
2			it	big	passages	numerous	concept	great			the empress has no clothes . why have so many luminaries and reviewers jumped on this bandwagon ? i just finished reading this novel though i almost abandoned it several times , and find it one big missed opportunity . great concept murdered girl narrating from heaven the evolution of her surviving family and friends . but amateurish execution 1 much of the book is underwritten , in that the characters are mostly cardboard cutouts draped with pathos , and worst of all sebold dangles an intriguing version of heaven and then virtually ignores it for the rest of the book ; 2 numerous passages are painfully overwritten ; and 3 the story moves forward only with the help of cliche contrivances for example mom comes back after 8 years because dad has had a heart attack ? why ? we don not know , because sebold has barely mentioned mom since she left . only in the talk show age could this book garner this degree of favorable notice . if you want to read something compelling and really ravishing , try east of eden .
2			it	great			does anyone else have a sticking problem . i like this leash i really do . it's great the only thing i don not like is how it keeps sticking . it's usually when i have to have the dog on a shorter length while crossing the road i click the trigger and get to the other side and it won not move . i stand there fiddling with the thing for ever and give up and then some how after letting it set for a 1 2 hour i can get it to go again which doesn not help our walk .
2			tip	cumbersome	knife	great			great mater knife . serrated edge and thinness of knife sliced through tomato . forked tip was a bit cumbersome cutting out the top . like this product .
2			device	little	device	great			great device , simple and fast . great little device ! fast enough , and simple . the only things i don not like to switch between stand alone and computer control there is a switch on the back . i use this switch a lot , and it's in a bad takes like a minute for a blank disk to become ready for writing . you can not give the run command until the disc mounts , so you are sitting there waiting . i wish i could just press the button and it would start when the disk becomes ready .
2			resource	great	start	good	step	great	book	great	it	friendly			easy to read and interesting ! judaism cannot be reviewed in one book , but this is a good start for those who want to know more about judaism . i explored judaism almost three years ago when i started dating a jewish man and this was a great beginning step for me . it provides facts , albeit brief , into history , teachings , and beliefs . so many of my questions were answered in the first few chapters . if you don not have a lot of time to read , this is also a great book because it's so thorough and user friendly . it's a great resource to ground you into more complex teachings later . i recommend this fun book to anyone wanting to learn more about this amazing religion , or as a brush up !
2			edition	terrible	story	great			great story , terrible edition . i read this series a long time ago , and was very exited to finally see kindle versions of the books , so i could re read many other reiewers have said , this edition needs a serious edit . the kindle version is clearly an ocr scan of some printed edition , and the most basic of human edits would have caught all of the pubisher really need sto fix this fundamental problem with the kindle edition .
2			series	short	topic	hot	features	special	features	great			i like invader zim , but . the latest in a long line of attempts to cash in on the invader zim license , it seem like these dvd sets omit many of the great special features included in the initial dvd's that garnered the fan base they have now . invader zim is a quirky , dark cartoon that never got a fair shake from nickelodeon because of shows like rugrats clogging up the airwaves . anyone who's wandered into a hot topic in the past few years knows what a cash cow viacom missed out on by cutting this series short . that being said , these dvd's don not do the show justice . do yourself a favor , and track down the initial three volume dvd release used to enjoy all the extras , commentaries , and animatics for episodes that were never completed .
1			information	poor			poor product information . ok , here is the deal . ghost in the shell sac , amazing , this product . horrible . there are 52 episodes total in the sac series . i bought this thinking it had all is no explanation as to how many episodes are in this set i am stuck with only the first season while hunting down the not buy this untill you have found the second 26 episodes in this set !
2			it	nice	guy	great	values	awful			a very educated baseball coach . this video was outdated way before it was ever made . fortunately for me i checked it out of the library and didn not waste my money . the productions values are awful , the intstructor is very monotone and some of the techniques he describes are antiquated baseball philosophy . in the demonstrations the players are constantly getting on top or underneath the ball , it would have been nice to see a line drive hit every once in a while in a hitting mechanics video . i m sure the presenter , tony dello , is a great guy and believes in what he is doing , but personally i think this video does more harm than good .
2			t	live	dvd	great			who is mr x . the dvd is great for media training . the scene of bob newhart being ambushed on live t . v . still makes me laugh out loud . mr newhart is comedic genius .
1			editing	little	writer	bad			not only nuts , but a very bad writer . i knew that he was nuts from hearing some of his shows , but i thought this phd holder could write a decent book . if so , this isn not it . it reads more like his silly talk show , with little editing and fact checking .
1			reviews	poor	reviews	horrible	something	durable	watch	new	store	local	something	expensive no	battery	new	something	wrong			why didnt i listen to all the poor reviews ? i just finished my 5 h marathon and was looking for a new watch . i wanted something durable but relatively inexpensive . after looking around i thought that this watch would do the job . i read some of the horrible reviews but for some reason i decided to give a shot anyways . after two weeks of running the watch display went completely dead . i took it to a local watch store and they put a new battery in , but that didnt do anything . they said something else is wrong with it and that i would need to ship it back . i would strongly advise against purchasing this product . in fact , this is the first time i have ever taken the time to actually write a product review thats how bad this watch was .
2			itself	great			sad . the movie stopped several times during viewing and then actually stopped 1 minute before the end . grrrr ! it took a while working with it to catch the movie itself was great !
2			i	glad	options	various	i	happy	feel	great			worth purchasing . i purchased this piece last year . i am glad i did . the item wasn not easy to install , but that shouldn not let you not buy it . i hadn not considered it as a factor in my decision . i love using all the various options it has . i feel great after my cardio workout on this elliptical machine . it gives you a sense of feeling that you are climbing a mountain . starting out easy and then gets challenging . fun ! i am happy with this purchase .
2			graphics	great	game	similar	game	good	doors	large			very simular to 1 t tombraider . this game is very similar to the first tomb raider i played on ps 1 many years ago . it starts out in south america behind this large doors that shut . has bats and a bear in a pit . great graphics to make the game more to use the grappling hook . i struggled the first day with this item in both games i to the edge jump and just before you descend from the jump , shoot out the grappling hook ; and when it connects use the w key to get momentum and swing back and fort until you have enough momentum to reach the landing on the other side . i could hit the target over and over but did not use the w key to swing back and all it's a pretty good game . still playing it ; and will insert updates and tips as i continue further in the game .
2			characters	fascinating	it	great			i loved it ! it took me a long time to decide and buy this book . i kept looking at the cover and was completely turned off by it . however , the book description just sounded too good to resi st i bought the book and ending up reading it in one night ! the story is spell binding and all the characters are fascinating . i couldn not wait to finish the book , but at the same time i didn not want to book to end . i read a lot of books and it was great to come across an author who was able to make me feel like i was actually seeing the story unfold right in front of me . if you appreciate a page turner with substance , i highly recommend that you read this book . it will be time well spent .
1			explanation	good	instruction	poor	instructor	high			poor instruction . the instructor is high energy and likeable , but the actual instruction is very poor . she confuses left and right and rushes through each section without good explanation of the steps . for example , the cha cha step is not explained , just do a triple . also , i have taken latin ballroom dance , and i felt like this video just threw a bunch of spanish dance words in without consideration for the actual form . for example , the salsa segment never tells you that the salsa count is 1 2 3 hold , 5 6 7 hold . and then cha cha steps are thrown in to the salsa segment . messed might be a fun aerobics dvd for someone who didn not care about actual dance moves . i was hoping for more .
2			blender	regular	i	happy	idea	great	it	loud	smell	horrible	smoothies	nice			awesome in theory , but doesn not follow through . i was really happy to receive one of these as a birthday present because i love smoothies and slushies and anything like that . i thought the spout was a great idea too . well , it did blend well and it made nice smoothies . however , it was very loud and emitted a horrible , rubbery smell . then , for no apparent reason , the handle of the spout broke off . maybe it was just my model , but after seeing the reviews i have seen here , i highly doubt it . i wouldn not recommend this product to anyone . it seems to have a lot of quirks in design that need to be resolved . stick to your regular blender .
2			dramas	gorgeous	work	great			superb ! masterpiece keep up the great work . a wonderful jane austen classic . i ran out and picked this one up , ok bought online via amazon prime love the characters the portrayals , the scenery . yah , it could have been longer , and more indepth , but i applaud masterpiece for creating these gorgeous and sexy dramas .
1			budget	low	movies	worst			wtf ! . awful , this is one of the worst movies ever made . nl was once the mecca of amazing comedies , but now they are far from it , they make crude and mean jokes about other films and directors while they make movies like this one . year one has the same idea and was truly brilliant , this however is a low budget , camp filled piece of garbage .
1			weather	worst	gloves	safe			warm safe gloves . i bought these gloves for our fire police . they direct traffic at accidents and fire emergencies . out in the worst weather . i can tell you they really appreciated these gloves . warm plus they are reflective for directing traffic . i highly recommend them , plus they arrived very quickly .
2			issues	social	one	different	song	great			this album has a lot of depth . if you are purchasing this album for the song breakfast at tiffany's the one here is different to the massive hit version ; that's on their album home which got released after this so i gather the one here is the of the songs including not he tiffany song are great , there are only a couple of duds hence the 4 lyrics on the songs are based mainly on relationships , loneliness , social issues and not get put of that they got dubbed one hit wonders with not he tiffany song ; i recommend this to anyone who likes alternative rock a last note the 11 h song itself is the last track which is not listed , it's listed as a 10 track album .
2			buy	great	we	low	i	glad			christmas gift . i typically buy movies when they first come out but because we have been a little low on money i have tried limiting my purchases so i was glad that i waited and bought this for him at a later date because it was such a great buy .
1			barrel	hate	paintball	worst	accuracy	short			worst paintball upgrade ever ! i sent this item back . made my short range accuracy horrible . added distance to my long range shots but with zero accuracy . i hated this barrel on my tippman 98 custom . the barrel added so much backspin the balls never hit the same area twice .
2			subwoofer	great	subwoofer	nice	i	happy	end	low	subwoofer	small			nice small subwoofer . this subwoofer is great for situations where you don not need loud , earth shattering bass . it outputs good clean low end and offers multiple inputs . i m very happy with it .
1			phone	worst			the worst phone we have owned yet . we bought one of these sets and within a few month the volume / navigation control started to fail . pretty soon most of the buttons stopped working . i needed a replacement and thought it may have just been a lemon . silly me ! i bought a second one and guess what ? same problem in about 6 months . don not waste your money on this one .
2			addition	great			the best of them all . this is the best of all the other socom games . the only downfall is there is no health packs in this series so you have to make sure you dont get killed . but other than that this is a great addition to the socom series .
2			illustrations	great	reference	great	fpr	great			great reference ! this book is a great reference fpr those planning their home landscape . great illustrations and helpful information gives helpful tree / shrub size information .
2			album	fantastic	album	previous	cd	available	bands	new			at least as good as love the cup if not better . if you enjoyed their previous album , love the cup , you should enjoy this . this is a fantastic album . you can compare sons and daughters to other bands like franz ferdinand and the futureheads , but the fact remains that they have their own unique sound and i don not get any of that phony vibe from them that i get from most of the new pseudo garage / new wave bands that are proliferating now . sons and daughters are for at this time this cd is available in the us only as an import . save some time and money and order directly from rather than waiting for to import it for you . you will get it much quicker and save a lot of money .
2			actors	unknown	fransisco	big	pics	great	it	compelling	it	fun			fair and a half . if the fan were a b film with unknown actors , it would be fun . those formula horror pics are always great to watch when you need to mindlessly pass the fan is not one , so why is it made as such ? you have top name actors , and a big location san fransisco shoot . but when a demented baseball fan , abuseive and estranged from his family , becomes obsessed with a sf giants star and kidnaps his son , so what ? everything here is freeze dried . if you watch deniro inthe king of comedy , the stalking angle is the same , but there is so much unique , it is extremely compelling . this fan is juat a batch of loser cleches nothing is done to make this charactor more than a garden variety sociopath . there is even a police chase at the end . woo , and hoo .
2			baddie	good	characters	great	book	nice	books	best			brill book . i picked up this book in the library and thought oh good a nice book to read but when i started reading i became spellbound . it is one of the best books i ever read . the story is brill , the characters are great , the baddie is good at being bad and it is simply unputdownable . i think that anyone from ages 9 and up would love this book .
2			band	awesome	fan	huge no	performances	best	video	great	setlist	awesome	corruption	good	videos	best	power	good			one of the best concert videos period . it's a shame that a great video like this has it's rating brought down either by people who had problems with their purchase or people with nebulous criteria the guy complaining about the quality of the widescreen . this dvd is the definition of what a five star concert should be . iggy is aweswome no more than 5 bodyfat and on fire . the band is awesome ; these are some of the best performances of these songs that i have ever hea rd the setlist is awesome . i m not a huge fan of avenue b , so i generally listen iggy's opening comments and then skip to the third is impossible to describe the power that iggy brings to the stage . i only wish i had been there in belgium to see the show . search and destroy , corruption , and raw power are as good as it gets .
1			quality	poor	content	poor			disappointing . should have known by the price that the content and quality would be poor ! there were only 6 designs to make two of which are jewelry . i expected more . would be best to save your money !
1			i	disappointed	video	good	i	excited	quality	great no	version	good			this is a 5 star movie but this dvd is a 1 star . i just watched this dvd version of convoy and was a little disappointed . being a fan of the movie , i was all excited to get the dvd only to find out that some of the movie is missing ; specifically the scene when the reporter is talking with the duck . the duck tells the reporter to ask the rest of the convoy why they are there and he does . the dvd version of this scene has a broken conversation with the duck , then the preacher , and back to the duck . in addition to this the sound quality is not that great and a few times it is mute for a second . at the very beginning of the movie the video jumps once or twice but is good for the most part . the dvd says it is digitally remastered to me it looks like recorded this movie from hbo and digitally remastered their copy . personally i would recommend finding a good vhs version and burn it to dvd yourself or wait till it is released from the film industry .
1			popper	best	service	good	mine	bad			this popper is lousy ! poorly designed . ejects lots of unpopped kernels into the bowl , then they pop in the bowl and shoot popcorn all over the place . lots of kernels don not get popped . where's my good ole west bend model 82400 ? that was the best air popper i have ever had . too bad mine died after many years of good service .
1			quality	poor	telescope	portable	mount	loose	mount	poor	idea	good			good idea , poor build quality and execution . what a disappointment . seemed like it would be a good idea for a portable , somewhat robust telescope for a kid . poor build quality tripod mount , shoddily glued in , was loose and rattling around inside scope plus , if you want to use the included base , because of screw holes with caps at the back , it won not point higher than maybe 45 degrees not so good for looking up at the sky ! ! obviously not tested for function before they released it to market .
1			condition	good	condition	poor			very disappointed . when i ordered this used book , the book was supposed to be in very good condition . i thought the book was in poor condition . the pages appear to be worn .
2			language	elementary	title	great	it	hard			patronizing , fake sounding . this book is superficial and preachy . it is filled with stock answers and suggestions which turned me off and turned off the people i showed them to . it's hard to believe that teenagers would want to read beyond the first page . i also found the language elementary , and the grammar occasionally incorect . answers to common questions were surfacy . this is a great title with very weak back up in the text . i work in a school as a counselor and have a teenage child , and i would never give this book to anyone who really wanted the lowdown .
2			season	great	premise	good	look	bored			good premise . i m late to this party and just recently started watching lost on amazon . season 1 was great ! season 2 became a boring soap opera . by the time i was done watching season 2 i honestly didn not care if all of the characters died , and actually hoped they to writers piling on multiple layers of confusion into your screenplays is not storytelling . even the actors look bored reading your 500 subplots and back stories . i started to watch the first episode of season 3 with hopes it would get better , but after ten minutes i was rooting for jack to go on a hunger strike and die on camera .
2			money	good	i	disappointed	production	greatest no	production	musical no	man	great	example	greatest			eventually measures up . while i wanted to love this cd i think clay is the greatest example of the american can do philosophy , and a decent human being to boot i was disappointed when i first listened . other than this is the night , the only track to wow me was i survived you . but , since i wanted to love it , and i had paid good money for the thing , i kept listening . then i fell and i mean hard ! i do love this cd . no , it is not the greatest musical production ever in fact , i think it is overproduced . clay's voice sings for itself it needs less help , not more ; but it is a fine start to a career that will cross many medias i would love to see aiken on broadway , mr cowell ! and we will watch with wonder at the good this great man will do with his life and his time of fame . he is a performer worth supporting and encouraging . you go clay !
1			it	hate	selection	limited	reception	bad			unhappy with the selection . cingular selection of phones is very limited . i chose the motorola v 551 phone and hate it . i bought it primarily as a telephone and find that it has very bad reception and a very slow keypad . it can not keep up with my fingers and often leaves me somewhere in the menus i didn not plan on .
2			understanding	good	advice	realistic	foods	different	book	great			straight forward and realistic . this book is great . i appreciate the thorough information it gives you to really have a good understanding of how different foods cause your body to respond . it also gives straight forward advice on substitutions and recipes that are realistic for a family to use .
2			part	instructional	video	difficult	workout	great	it	difficult	workout	good	while	little	it	hard			good workout , but not great for an apartment . this video is physically difficult . i am runner and decided to switch up my workout routine . i have had a hard time getting through the first three songs . the steps take a little while to learn there is an instructional part first , but it is very difficult to do this dvd unless you have a lot of room to move around . i live in nyc apartment and even after moving some of my furniture out of my living which is a decent size , i still find it hard to move adequately enough to do this workout without getting frustrated . it is a great workout if you have the patience to learn the dance moves first and have enough space . i have the mat workout as well and that requires far less space to perform those moves . i have not made any other changes to my exercise routine or diet and people have asked me what i have been doing because i look better . tracy anderson knows what she's doing .
2			season	final	show	great	player	regular	show	good			good show , really awful version ! sony took a long , long time putting out this final season of a great show and this is the best they could do ? first of all , it's a dvd r , not even a proper dvd . and it wouldn not play in our regular dvd player it kept getting pixilated and wouldn not play . they put all of the episodes on one disc , which i m sure didn not help . at least two discs for this , guys ! not to mention the fact that there is no , virtually no information that came along with it and no extras . a long , long way down in quality from the first series set . shame on you , sony . this is so not worth the money !
2			looks	great	book	good			i hope this helps ! i was told about this book at a workshop . it looks great ! it is a good book to use at the beginning of the school year because it gives students a chance to build up their writing ego !
1			action	predictable	work	mediocre	acting	good	acting	poor	plot	boring	sale	next			a waste of money . the plot is both weak and boring , drawn out by self indulgent scenes which separate the inevitable very predictable action . the acting is poor , with one exception , not that the script would lend itself to good acting anyhow . camera work is mediocre . this dvd will go out in the next garage sale !
2			hd	great			cute . my daughter loved cute tinkerbell movie ! froze up for a split second only once or twice but the hd was great .
2			weeder	great	praise	high			great weeder . i don not use this tool myself but my wife gives it high praise saying that the push pull method for light weeding is much better than hoeing .
2			science	readable	writer	great			cutting edge thriller . smart , fast read . whew ! i sat up all night with this one . besides a plot that doesn not let up , this spooky , vivid tome is filled with very readable science . this can happen ! darnton is a terrifingly great writer . eat your heart out thomas harris !
2			picture	clear	i	impressed	set	great	lessons	valuable	challenges	new			amazing movies ! i was extremely impressed with both the picture and sound quality of all 8 movies . all made incredibly well , they gave a clear picture of what the writer of the books was trying to convey . watching all the characters grow up and face new challenges was also very encouraging . i think this is a great set of movies for all ages and teaches valuable lessons to children . amazing and awesome to watch over and over again !
2			songs	great	birthday	happy	novelty	nice	annoying	old	voices	strong			rebecca ryan . the choice in tunes is fanatastic but rebecca ryan hardly does them justice . the emotion is watered down , her voice sounds like a parody of marilyn monroe singing happy birthday to mr president though a nice novelty but song after song in this style becomes old and annoying . the piano playing deserves 4 stars but unfortunately you are distracted by the the weak whispy voice that lingers much like a mosquito in ones ear . this cd left me craving the talent of keely smith , dinah shore and julie london , who are the strong voices usually associated with these great torch songs . your money is better spent with the originals .
2			it	great			cracked . the pan arrived with a crack that runs through the metal from exterior to interior . it doesn not seem to leak , though , and it's great otherwise .
2			it	good no	love	old	movies	modern	it	great	it	fun	character	classic	story	little	escapism	serial	films	similar			good to see indy again . let's face it , you can not really top the original . the first indy was a unique and inspiring classic that has spawned many many similar films through the years . as we found out , even sequels of the same character could not top the fir st so let's look at this one on it's own . indiana jones , is a classic character of modern movies and will live on for years and years . so it's great just to see him again . they use his age as a kind of tongue in cheek joke throughout and they reunite him with and old love and his son . the story is a little over the top and there are flaws , but , it provides what indiana jones movies are supposed to do ; action , thrills , laughs and 2 hours of saturday morning serial escapism . no it's not as good as the lost ark , but i thought it was fun to go on the indiana jones express again and just have some fun .
1			ps	bad			actually . just in response to michael e walton's review , the insyderz a ska / rock / rap band also do christian rap well . as a matter of fact , krs one also guest raps on some of their `preach ier songs , and it doesn not sound half bad . now lets all grab our instruments , and get down with jesus . ps this album is pretty bad . support ska .
2			i	hooked	character	strong	emotion	great			tully in me . i loved the book . it was the first book i read of hers and i am hooked . tully has great emotion . no matter if you have had a life like hers or not you bond with the story . it is definitely one to pick up . be aware you won not want to put it down . tully is a strong character that has seen it all from love to death .
1			seems	capable	bibliography	poor			too chatty ; no data , no drawings , poor bibliography . if you have heard weisman speak on npr there is no reason to read this book . if you want to espouse the eco cause you need to back up ideas for change with data , drawings , annotated a journalist , weisman is too uncritical in his analysis of the problems found at gaviotas . there may be wonderful things happening in the llanos especially the reforestation , but little of it seems capable of transfer to other settings . his anti capitalist bias keeps him from doing cost / benefit thnking , much less analysis . also , this has far too much dialog reporting , so that it is neither fiction nor journalism .
1			i	glad	diction	bad			utter garbage . at about page 28 i threw it in the recycling bin . i m glad i paid only 50 for it . bad diction , uninteresting characters , and no plot .
2			parts	different	story	good	details	various	action	little	adventure	magical	job	good	reader	young	mythology	interested	book	great			excellent , but want more details . this is a great book for any young reader , especially those interested in fantasy and mythology , although some parts are much different than the tradional view of merfolk in general such as removable tails , but the story was good . what i noticed first was the ommission of various details , such as how they suddenly learn of the mermaid's name or leaving out details in the battles towards the end . i did find , however , that the narrator does a good job of telling the tale , like a mother would tell it to her daughter . all in all , a good story with a little action and lots of magical adventure .
2			areas	different	one	best	son	old	beeping	great	voice	great			i am ready to smash this thing . we bought a few of these for the house and positioned them in different hallway areas , one being right outside our 3 year old son's room . for some strange reason , first alert included a feature in which the volume button on any tv remote will set off a test on the unit . the unit is so loud both beeping and voice which would be great if there was a fire or carbon monoxide leak . the issue is we watch tv at night in a living room outside his room and every time you go to turn it up or down , this alarm goes off and wakes him up . i have no idea why they put this feature in . plus the infrared receiver on this thing must be the best quality one known to man as somehow it picks up the remote from distances that the tv won not even pick it up and it seems to go through walls sometimes . i am done with this unit .
2			performances	great	footage	live	interaction	real	performances	live	dvd	interesting	master	grand	roots	real no	seems	average	dvd	great			not so great . i love roots , i love peter tosh , and i found this dvd mildly interesting , but not great . halfway through i lost intere st it lacks the sheer power and wow factor of the live wailers performances . the backing band seems very average a very 'synthesized and not very rootsy sound . kind of like a session band , not a real roots . the mostly white audience looks bored most are sitting throughout the performance , and tosh seems to disconnected from them no real interaction between tosh and audience . peter tosh was a serious activist and grand master of reggae , but somehow this show doesn not capture that . i know peter tosh has done some great performances , i m hoping for better live footage to emerge one day .
2			mac	fast	fast	compatible	printer	good	i	surprised	feature	extra	printer	great			great printer for the price ! i wanted a mac compatible , fast , good quality printer for home use and got it all with the epson stylus c 60 all the reviews that warned about noise braced me for it , so that when i first turned it on i was pleasantly surprised to find it wasn not any noisier than the apple stylewriter it replaced . i didn not realize , however , that two sided printing was an extra feature on printers . since this one does not have that feature , i am giving it a 4 star rating rather than a 5 star which it deserves .
2			flavor	great	they	best			best sesame cracker . i just recently purchased these crackers by ak mak and they are the best ever . crisp , great sesame flavor . maybe that is because there are no preservatives or bleaches . ak mak crackers will be my choice from now on . check out theirweb site .
1			book	bad			very bad and not deep book at all . it's not a book about jdbc api , it's a book about how to write and design progra ms contains a few examples . author only talks and talks but doesn not describe and explain jdbc itself . even documentation is better .
1			complaint	biggest	quality	poor	advice	best	housing	cheap			you must be kidding ! i can not believe all the rave reviews unless this product has padded reviews . the plastic housing on this grinder is really cheap and flimsy feeling . the mechanism does not grind smoothly my biggest complaint , and the adjustment for setting the size of the grind is poorly designed . on the smallest grind setting the pepper comes out too coarse . the price is way to high for this poor quality of grinder . best advice is look at other grinders .
2			ideas	great	children	young	skills	gross			alphabet theme a saurus . many , great ideas to teach the alphabet to very young children . activities allow children to involve their fine and gross motor skills keeping their attention focused on the activity .
2			they	good	sandwiches	great	it	easy	sandwiches	good			great sandwiches . i never had a panini before and didn not know what to are they good . i like the crispness of the outside of the sandwich and it does heat the filling up nicely without burning the outside . i only wish that i would have paid more attention to the dimensions . actually , i thought the cooking plate would be bigger . somewhat of a disappointment . otherwise , it is easy to clean and does make good sandwiches .
2			entertainment	great	spirit	free	brother	little			he's eating my brain ! i m watching my third tapeof this movie , having worn the others out . i love everything about it , from the kids the boy reminds me of my own little brother , while the daughter is , well , the friendly sort . capt ron himself is a free spirit , and manages to to get the harvey family to enjoy life the same way . this is one of those movies that gets under your skin , and you find yourself quoting lines from it all the time . i keep coming here to see if it's on dvd , because i would like to stop wearing out vhs tapes . i would also like to see the soundtrack . that way i could listen to it and imagine the movie . this is great entertainment ! i wish they made more like it . whenever i see kurt russell , i think of captain ron .
1			reader	bad	story	short	yarn	good			not scary , not interesting , don not buy it . okay , here goes . a gypsy witch , metabolic imbalance , pies , etc etc etc c mon . after the age of sixteen , this stuff isn not scary anymore , only humorous . i have always considered king an engaging writer who spins a good yarn , but the only story of his that's every truly frightened me was grandmother , a short story from his collection skeleton crew . thinner isn not even an interesting story ala the bachman books or any of his early work . leave the book at the bookstore . don not touch ! bad reader !
2			gameplay	addictive	gameplay	great	game	great	games	best	banner	big	microsoft	main	i	delighted			great game , spoiled by networking issues . having played every one of the aoe games from the very beginning , i was delighted to find a mac port of aoe ii gold . the gameplay is great , and is seriously addictive . the only downside which has resulted in this game receiving only four stars is that network play between macs and pcs is not possible , and gameplay between two or more macs is problematic . this is highly unusual for a mac game , but of course , the problem can be seen written all over a big banner in the main screen microsoft . this is the only issue i have with this game , in all other respects it is one of the best strategy games ever made .
2			show	great	points	different			great show ! there are a few points that are different than the books , but i would say overall it was entertaining and worth the money .
2			game	great	disc	clear	bottom	black	price	great			chrono cross . i got the game very quickly and it was in perfect condition . i was a little set back by it being on a clear bottom disc , and not on a black bottom but i am going to assume those games aren not being reprinted . a great game and a great price to pay for it .
2			characters	great	music	little	it	hard			terriers worth a watch . it's hard to characterize this captivating show . if you like shows with great characters , watch it . sly humor ? watch it . action ? watch it . sexy people ? yep . originality ? you got it . also funky intro / ending music too little of it and first rate acting . i haven not seen something this good in a long time . thank you fx .
2			unromantic	nasty	ending	fantastic	vampires	old	complaint	main	book	great			old school vampires . plot wise great book , clever story arc and a fantastic ending . as a vampire story ie was the vampire sufficiently evil , nasty , unromantic and fear inducing ? excellent . characterization so so . my main complaint was that the writing style was quite juvenile at times . overall i gave it 4 stars but would have trimmed it a bit and liked a more polished writing style .
2			yoga	best	stress	great			best yoga dvd . originally found this on netflix the week before starz pulled a bunch of stuff off of there , of course ! and i fell in love . bought it through amazon , and i am still in love . this yoga dvd is super relaxing and really gives the body a great stress . i highly suggest it for anyone and everyone .
1			sugar	free	taste	bad	tastes	horrible	stuff	bad	stuff	good			taste bad . this stuff taste bad when i eat it r you guys sure this is fat free sugar ive trying to lose the weight with good and tsty stuff but just tastes horrible
2			residue	powerful	writing	strong	writing	clear	story	great			bones a masterful dance . this incandescent book held me enthralled from first page to last and left me wanting five more that i might not for another week at least , have to leave the company of these two men . i literally could not put it down . my daughter ate cereal for breakfast , lunch and dinner . the writing is strong and clear as a mountain stream and the dance between the story and the teller mesmerizing . i was transported to a world i did not want to leave and have been left with a powerful residue . it is a great as in larger than life story , timeless and beautiful . i am larger for having read it .
2			it	helpful	tool	great			great tool . not much to say since this was purchased for my son as one of his text books for school . he thought it was very helpful .
2			deal	great			great deal . what a club for the price . i beat this club balls fly farther and straighter . i love it ! ! so get what are you waiting for check one out for yourself you will love it to .
2			moment	great	graduates	recent	school	high			like the fruit itself , delicious . for twenty years i have given this book to recent high school graduates , carefully inscribing each book to encourage them to see what mcphee reveals he reveals most vividly is the idea that there is no such thing as an uninteresting subject ; there is only an uninterested also impressed me , decades ago , was the notion of connectedness , and the idea that one thing an orange , a diamond , iron , oil , lead could reveal everything about our world . finally , he deserves five stars because he never gets in the way of his subject , and he has moments of such brilliance his devotional to otto , the restauranteur , still ranks as a great moment in writing , fiction or non that everyone should read favorite of a shelfull of mcphees , with the headmaster in a virtual dead heat .
2			reviews	great	steel	fine			not so happy . i bought this iron based on all of the great reviews , but a few things are sole plate doesn not slide well . i was looking at teflon or ceramic sole plates , but figured that stainless steel should be fine . every other iron i have owned has been ss , but this iron seems to grab the fabric causing it to bunch up . i end up ironing a lot of wrinkles into the fabric and they don not come out , when i turn it off , the red light on the handle stays on forever and the handle remains warm . i m not in the habit of unplugging my iron every time i m done , but now i have to for peace of mind . it's kind of a pain . another thing , one day i laid it down so my cats wouldn not knock it off the boa rd i came in a couple of hours later and every drop of water had leaked out all over the floor . i m in the process of returning it now . other than that , it heats up fast and steams well . it's just not for me .
1			look	good	pictures	good	it	poor	resolution	low			thin , but not too good ! this camera take good pictures only in sunlight ! otherwise , without light , with artificial light it is so poor , so blur ! i have got a create pc cam 300 with 640 480 resolution and it's better better than , with almost sixty dollars i recomend you buy another one ! try philips key , it has low resolution but you can store almost 1600 photos ! ! good look ! !
2			talent	phenomenal	states	united	voice	phenomenal	piano	great			superb ! the voice of the guess who all by himself . burton was always the reason i loved the guess who . his talent and unique voice are phenomenal , and well displayed on this disc . if you like great piano and voice , this is the disc for you . i hope burton brings the show to the the united states sometime .
2			improvement	great	suppleness	nice	dvd	good	primer	great	i	old	step	next			one of my favorites . i have several ana brett & ravi singh dvds and this is one of my favorites . i am 36 years old and , although i work out often , i have never been very flexible . this workout warms up your body and through moving , flexing , stretching , and breathing including breath of fire safely increases your flexibility . each exercise is done long enough to let the muscles release . i feel a nice suppleness in my back and thighs and one of my tai chi teachers noted i have gotten more length in my spine and increased range of motion in my joints . i started with ana & ravis beginners & beyond and had great improvement from that in the way my hips and back feel . i am always recommending that one to my contemporaries as a good starting dvd it has a great breath primer for the breath of fire too and now recommend this one as the next step . i love ravis calm voice , and anas elegant demonstration . they are a magnificent team !
2			shine	nice	class	free	quality	great	box	small	buy	good	condition	mechanical			beautiful zippo . this was the first zippo i ever purchased . it comes in a small box with a guarantee paper stating that any zippo pocket lighter , when returned to our factory , will be put in first class mechanical condition free of charge , for we have yet to charge a cent for the repair of a zippo pocket lighter , regardless of age or condition . the instructions for filling said to use only zippo fluid , however i used ronsonol lighter fluid and it works fine lit on first light . i chose this zippo because of its shine , and it has a nice shine to it . over all this was a good buy . it seems to be in great quality , and how could you go wrong with their guarantee ?
2			oppertunity	great	book	awesome	book	great	cd	awesome			awesome book ! this book is awesome ! i love it ! i m just a guitar newbie , but this book has given me a place to start my journey through the confuseing world of music theory and guitar studies . the cd is just as awesome as the book , since i dont have my own band , it is a great oppertunity to practice my scales and modes . i think this book is great for all skill level guitarists , and i would highly recomend it !
2			school	true	punk	fine	lyrics	fantastic	kids	rich	school	old	mood	good			melodic punk at it's fine st there are not many cd's i have that i can honestly say i love every track , however after the 3 d spin this cd has not left my deck . i have listen to it over & over again & i love it . it gets me in a good mood . the lyrics are fantastic . the guitar in colorforms sends chills up my spine . spam in in can , & rich kids are so catchy i think mtv should market a video for one of these songs any one of the songs would be an instant hit on trl . old school 101 are true to their name . os 101 & the decendents are definitely my all time favorite bands ever !
1			edition	new	guide	bad	itself	useful			not a bad guide but . the information itself is useful enough , although as others have mentioned it's essentially what's in the manual . the bigger problem that i ran into was that after 3 months the binding fell apart and pages began to fall out of the book ! perhaps that explains the new edition .
2			hole	black	ladies	naked	band	great	songs	good			not up to par for a great band ! this album while good is not what it could be . i have seen these guys many times and this album seems like a cop out . listen to what some have said they sound like 311 can not rap , can not play punk , bare naked ladies but harder musicians that are tone deaf . this album does not sound like them . it doesn not have the passion of there past music . these guys have the talent to write better songs . songs such as trash & 30 days are just an example of how they have not matured but have fallen into the black hole of pop music . the songs are good but the lyrics are stale . it's a disapointment from a band that has a persona way outside the music of this album .
2			buy	great	seller	local	deal	good	store	local	price	great	filter	effective	i	pleased			great buy . i am very pleased with this purchase . when i bought it i found out quickly that i needed a fine filter badly , so i called a local pool store that was supposed to be the local seller of this product to find one . the woman acted like i was an insane person asking for something no one would ever make or ask for . anyhow i cut one of my daughter's leggings pantyhose to fit the coarse filter , and presto a wonderfully effective fine filter . this is a really good deal , and a great price for it .
1			i	worst	waste	complete	movie	boring	length	long			quite possibly the worst i have seen in years . this movie was not only hopeless and boring , it was a complete waste of money . i don not even agreee with a 1 star rating , it deserves at the very most a half characters were annoying , the storyline painfully erratic and the length was just way too long . don not waste your money .
1			phones	worst			phone won not dial . buttons don not work . this is one of the worst phones i have ever bought . i don not save receipts on purchases under $ 100.00 but if i had i would have returned this . in under 4 months , and we don not dial out on the landline very often , the buttons on both phones became impossible to use . first when you push , nothing happens , then it overdials , or you have to push the button several times . by this time , you get the phone error message . never buy this phone !
1			video	boring	one	disappointing	editing	poor			very disappointing , poor editing , unmotivating , too much focus on the girl with bare hip bones . i have and use almost all of leslie's videos and this one is very disappointing . there is no chemistry between the group . the editing keeps focus on the girl with the bare hip bones showing . the video is boring . the background is blah .
2			earphones	great			great earphones . love them . i live in a nursing home and wear them all night to watch tv and block out outside noises . good quality and very very comfortable . stongly recommend .
2			songs	great	names	great	fan	big	value	good	freshmen	best	kenton	best	waste	great			great names disappointing results . stan kenton and four freshmen are among the best in music of their time . i am a big fan of both them , so very reluctantly i have to admit my disappointment . unfortunately , this concert does not live up to their reputation . a lot of talk , which may be entertainig in concert itself , but in cd , it is a great waste of time ! and in those few minutes of actual music none of their great songs . a pity ! personaly i think , it does not give you a good value for your money . listen to the samples you will get the idea .
2			scenes	emotional	srkhan	great	acting	good			wonderful acting . i like this movie because the acting is very good . there are a number of emotional scenes regarding family relationships . but there are lighter circumstances , too . i think srkhan is just great in this movie .
2			album	great	album	solid	singer	true			great album overall . how could i have slept on alice ? she is a true soul singer , and the album is solid from top to bottom .
2			moments	nice	story	good	effects	special	voice	high	action	great			excellent film ! this was dubbed the star wars for the 90 s and it fell short there . but this movie has excellent special effects , great action , and some nice comic moments . the story was very good and very well thought out . the special effects dazzle the mind with the way the city looked , the vehicles , and the weapons . about the only thing that annoyed me was chris tuckers character . i just could not stand listening to his annoying high pitched voice and continual wining . he wasn not always annoying , just 90 of the time . other than that , the movie maintains a pretty fast pace with some awesome battles . a highly recommended movie .
2			books	best	book	great			desert hostage . this was such a great book ! i highly recommend it to anyone . i read this book years ago and lent it to a friend who lost it ! i have been looking for it for years because i absolutely loved it and i finally found a used copy that i just bought . it was one of the best romance books i have ever read . what a shame that diane dunaway hasn not written anymore books . this is a must read !
2			quality	flat	levels	low	interlude	great			remaster it . a fine album . the piano of mccoy tyner on the title track is a masterwork , and the surprisingly uptempo summertime features a great rhythm section interlude . but the sound quality is flat and the recording levels too low . perhaps it could be improved through a remaster ; if so , this is a five star disk .
2			meals	great	lifestyle	free	book	easy	seminar	free	anybody	healthy	life	perfect			sugarfree , quick & easy ! is so much more than just recipes . i would recommend the book sugarfree , quick & easy ! to anybody who loves to eat but wants to be healthy . i was at edgewater mall here in biloxi , miss . and caught a free seminar that was given by the author , deanie comeaux bahan . she has written several books about maintaining a sugar free lifestyle . her cookbook sugarfree , quick & easy ! is so much more than just recipes . it is helping me already with terrific time saving tips for shopping and cooking . thanks to this book , i have learned how to start and keep up a no sugar life , which is perfect for me , since sugar is something i am not supposed to eat ! deanie answered questions from the audience and explained the glycemic index so even i can understand it now ! and the index is printed in this book . since using sugarfree , quick & easy ! recipes , i am making great meals that don not show up on my waistline .
2			looks	great	tv	greatest	series	great	series	entire	way	best no			great series , packaging leaves something to be desired . mash is one of the greatest tv shows to ever be on the air , even though it reuses episode ideas ad nausea towards the last 3 seasons and you can always pick out the episodes alan alda wrote / directed . the entire series and the film are included , as well as some fun behind the scenes stuff . the packaging looks great , unfortunately it's not the best way to store optical media and if you aren not the pinnacle of careful when taking out and putting them in , you will end up scratching the discs .
2			tome	political	persuasions	political	style	casual	regularity	great			on target . just trust us is a slender book that packs a painful punch . boyer has summarized the growing malaise of impotence and , worse , disinterest that is speading throughout the canadian populace . accountability is a word that our politicians spout with great regularity and yet examples of it can seldom be found in the halls of government . we , as canadians , shrug and become increasingly cynical we ignore scandal and by pass the polling booths on our way to pay our taxes . the result , as boyer states , is government of the government , by the government , for the government . just trust us is written in a casual , conversational style and the author refrains from tendacious diatribes ; a rarity in any political tome . this is a must read for canadian citizens of all political persuasions .
2			music	classical	lyrics	light	afficionado	classical	way	great	cd	emotional	baby	new	i	delighted			a voice to bring peace to the world . as a parent of a new baby and a classical music afficionado , i was delighted to find when night falls ; it is now a favorite of my daughter and myself . kirschlager's phrasing is nothing short of phenomenal , making even the simple brahm's lullaby 3 on the cd more compelling and emotional . her warm tones are especially complimented where the viola and cello are present try s 4 and 5 . can german lyrics be light and lilting ? yes , when kirchschlager sings them . this cd is a great way to expose your baby to classical music , and get him / her off to dreamland .
1			info	little	it	poor			pick something else . looking for a little inside info on how the fcc operates and some background on some of their more controversial decisions of the clinton era , i incorrectly assumed that the memoirs of the fcc chair would shed some light . all i got was inside the huge , some could argue enormous , head of reed hundt , an egomaniac looking for someone to spin . i can not even finish the book it's so poor . all the politics aside , this book is really very poorly crafted . it's not insightful and just plain upsetting to read the machinations about how , through regulatory rules , reed hundt and al gore single handedly spurred the economic resurgence of the us economy . how absurd !
2			surprise	great			it's finally coming in time for the holidays ! poof it finally appeared . hallelujah mine is scheduled to arrive today what a great surprise ! don not give up it will arrive i just have to see if it works and or if it is damaged . wish me luck i will post my results in a weeks time .2 stars for now . .
2			job	suck	driver	old	job	great	mystery	great	friend	best	him	hate			the message . ed kennedy is a 19 year old cab driver living in australia who has nothing going for him . his mother hates him , his job sucks , his friends are just like him , and he's in love with his best friend , who is always with someone else . his best friend says , it's just ed , just ed . ed basically has no meaning in life , until , he stops a bank robbery . he soon starts to receive playing cards in the mail with addresses on them and other riddles . when he follows the cards he finds people that he must help . whether they need a helping hand , or a gun pointed to their head , ed is there to help . but what happens when he finishes all of these missions ? this is a great mystery that holds something deeper on the inside . the author does a great job of keeping this book exciting and fast paced . i recommend this book to anyone .
1			title	new	information	bad	book	next	information	false			where's the beef ? when you buy a book called submission wrestling , wouldn not you expect to see a lot about submission holds ? well , maybe some people wouldn not , but i did . though his book doesn not give out false , or bad information , the information within could be easily found on a few websites involving submission fighting , submission wrestling or brazilian jiu jitsu . perhaps the next book will contain more information about submissions and control and less self promotion . i doubt i would risk spending the money on it . if you want a more comprehensive book i would go with gene labels new title or the fighters notebook , which contain more unique and well illustrated submissions that i can count .
1			school	high	details	specific	book	worst	illustrations	weak	explanations	poor	book	good			worst book on descriptive geometry available ! i implore all who take a course in college , high school , or other institution in descriptive geometry not to read this book . it reads in a doctorial level of understanding and is only a good book to understand theory rather than application . moreover , its problems and self test problems make learning even harder because the author fails to give specific details invaluable to understanding the problem . i give this book one star for weak illustrations and poor explanations .
2			blend	great	talent	romantic			beautiful music . i bought this for my husband . he loves the music . this is a great blend of extraodinary talent romantic and the lyrics just move you . so beautiful . i would highly recommend this .
2			lyrics	deep	music	good	she	awesome	work	good	cd	magical			a blend of beauty and magic ! this cd is magical , the lyrics are deep . i have been a lauryn hill fan from the way back days of the fugees and she's simply awesome . it's no surprise she nabbed 5 grammys from this album , her first solo . this represents what good music should be , just buy it and listen to it's magic ! ! to say the truth , this album deserves 10 stars ! ! lauryn , i thank god for your life and inspiration , keep up the good work ! !
2			d	special	vocals	great	song	great	track	great	track	good			special d rox . come with me is a great song with an amazing beat , and great vocals by special the song not o the beat is also a great track and is included on this single . the remixes are incredibley well done . there is another song by special d that you must hear ; it's called home alone , also a very good track !
1			it	awful	movie	bad			bad movie . i thought this was going to be awesome . instead it was awful . what a waste of my time and money .
2			read	great	book	next			bookclub . excellent service . book was just as promised and arrived was a great read . unbelievable that parents could be so negligent . i would love to read jeanette wall's next book .
2			resource	great	investment	great	suggestions	great	it	easy			a super book . this is a great resource for moms and dads who want to provide their baby with the most healthful feeding solutions . it is very comprehensive and easy to follow . ruth offers great suggestions for you and your baby . as a first time mom , who works full time , i absolutely love making my son's food . super baby food helps me to do this every day ! thanks ruth ! ! a great investment !
2			i	disappointed	love	strong no	albums	great	stone	great	love	strong	core	hard	reason	main			the love is not so strong . the song titled love is strong , is the main reason why i bought the rolling stone's voodoo lounge album . after i listened to the rest of the album , i was quite dissapointed . i just wished for the days of great stone's albums like sticky fingers or even some girls to come back . unfortunately , i think those days are long gone with an album like voodoo lounge . if you are a hard core rolling stones fan , i would imagine you buying this album . for now , i just wish that the stones could just pump out one or more great albums that would send the rock and roll fever going through my veins .
2			story	bad no	dog	new			out dated . this story is in the 5 h grade reading book . while it isn not a bad story , most students found the story to be uninteresting . instead of learning about the issues of learning to trust a new dog and family issues with mom gone , we had a discussion about when the story happened . there are many things in the pictures that date the story .
2			workouts	great			great workouts . as with most jillian michaels workout dvds , these are tough , yet very effective . the only complaint i have is that aerobic steps are used in most of these dvds and i could not find anywhere on the dvd descriptions where this was mentioned . so , if you buy these and don not have a step , you need to buy one !
2			concept	great	tv	old	tv	new	tvs	new			disappointed . i was really looking for a product to control video games . in concept bob does work , but and this is a big but , only if your children are under 6 and you have a old tv . on the new tv's all a child has to do is remove bob and put in another plug . great concept , if only bob could be updated for new tvs .
2			it	warm	disappointment	great			not nearly as warm as advertised . this hat was a great disappointment , it is nowhere near as warm as other comments made it seem .
1			house	alive	script	horrendous	movie	bad	i	glad	acting	awful	effects	special	script	bad	lines	worst			why did i bother ? i kind of wanted to see this movie when it originally came out in theaters , but i never got around to it . i m glad i didn not . this movie was really bad . most of the scenes just didn not make any sense . the characters weren not likeable at all , i couldn not have cared less if they all got killed . the acting was awful and the script was just down right horrendous . some of the worst lines came from chris kattan's character like , this house is alive , we are all gonna die and you give me my money right now . i want it , so you give it . thats the kind of bad script that i m talking about . the only slightly decent thing in this movie is some of the special effects . i would also like to give credit to geoffery rush for trying to do the best he could with what he was given . all and not watch this movie .
2			characters	great			a keeper for me . . i can not remember when i have enjoyed a book more ! great characters and story line .
2			resource	great	view	high	minority	tiny	thread	golden	evidence	biblical			ever knee shall bow . while there are a variety of angles for revealing the truth of universal reconciliation through christ , this book exists for the person who has a severely high view of the bible . this book adequately supplies the reader with the plethora of scriptures that support that idea that jesus , the apostles , and the early church fathers believed and taught that all would be rescued by christ in the end as opposed to a tiny minority of christians , while the majority of humans would either burn forever in hell , or be annihilated . all in all , this book is a great resource for biblical evidence supporting the golden thread of universal reconciliation through christ alone , and by christ alone , that exists in scripture . on a scale of being easy to read , i would rate it at about a 6 1 being incredibly easy , and ten being incredibly difficult .
1			reviews	bad	feel	true	ablum	best	me	wrong			she has found her pot of gold at this end of the rainbow . we have seen this diva sell over 130 million records in the past 10 years and become the fastest and best selling female artist of the 1990 s . but is that it ? is that all to this superstardom ? no ! finally when she was given the chance to do r&b it came to a shock for critics and it was is easy for them to make bad reviews , but honsestly this is her best ablum yet . i was not really a fan until butterfly . don not get me wrong i always like her songs exspecially her early recording but you could feel the true honestly in her voice in the past years . needless to say if you need an ablum to shine some gold on you buy rainbow you won not regret any moments ! matt
2			element	realistic	story	modern	book	great	element	romantic	characters	rich			breath of magic . great book . modern day story with love , magic , and time travel all weaved in . wonderful settings with rich characters . i almost feel like i was there during the time travel changes . scene changes so realistic . the romantic element was lively , realistic , and juicy . not predictable and kept me guessing what would happen next . really fun !
2			read	great	page	real	you	right	town	small			a great read ! beth gutcheon's latest book is wonderfully insightful and delightful to read . her descriptions of hannah's childhood , of claris's first romance are full of detail that rings true to my own experience . her description of a small town on the maine coast also rings true as if you could visit dundee this summer and be right at home there . the story is fast moving , a real page turner . i had to put it down deliberately so that it wouldn not be over too soon . i have read all of ms gutcheon's books and enjoyed every one , but this one may be my favorite .
2			book	awesome	ideas	fantastic			fantastic ideas for parents . this book is awesome for all parents ! it has respectful ways to get children to listen as well as give them respect . i highly recommend this book .
1			steel	former	books	worst	men	real	combat	former	example	good	male	old			one of the worst books i have ever read . this is undoubtedly one of the worst books that i have ever read . i seldom read fiction and this is a good example of why i choose not to . if it wasn not for the f word there wouldn not have been a plot . in fact i never did understand what message the story was trying to get across . i am a 70 year old male and let me assure readers that the male personna was not least not for my generation . i am a former steel mill worker and a former combat marine . i point this out to show that i am not a prude . i have heard it all , but in my opion this book is offensive to men . real men .
2			buy	great	it	worth	ones	new			this kitchen rocks ! we bought this kitchen for my daughter's 2 d birthday , and couldn not be happier . it really does take about 2 hours and a lot of concentration to put together , but it is worth it . two pieces were damaged when we received it , but when we called the manufacturer , the shipped out new ones immediately with no hassle . i highly recommend this kitchen over the plastic ones ; this will last much longer . it is the perfect size for our daughter and there is lots of room to grow into it too . she plays with it pretty much every day . cora is constantly washing her hands in the sink and making her favortite dish , mac & cheese . a great buy .
2			coffee	great			mine died too fast ! i bought this coffee maker about a year ago , and paid about $$$ for it . it has been nothing but problems and is now ready for the grave i assume this is why krups stopped making it , and you can not get parts . it made great coffee , but died too soon !
2			nation	tiny	world	modern	find	great	inside	new			king leopold's ghost . for those who love history , this is a great find . even though it is the story of one man and one tiny nation , it applies with some variation to many countries in the modern world . i had thought , i had a fair background of what is going on in the world , here i gained new and startling inside .
1			it	adorable	son	old	reviews	bad	men	little	toys	best			k . c . we just received this toy in the mail yesterday . i ordered it to replace a cheaper pirate ship that my 3 yr old son has now loved until it is broke all to pieces . the other bad reviews did give me pause , but i saw it listed in parenting magazine as one of the years best toys , so i ordered it anyway . it is adorable . the mast does fall off if he picks the boat up by it , and the sails come off , but he doesn not seem to mind . he has had a lot of fun putting the little men in the cage down below , and walking the plank . it doesn not seem to tip over easily . i think it is a cute toy and he loves it .
2			substitute	good	fan	big	addition	great	favorites	particular			a good substitute for the restaurant . my husband and i used to go to dinosaur bbq in syracuse when i was in graduate school there . it's one of the only things i miss about syracuse . we were given a copy of the cookbook as a wedding gift , and have made many recipes from it ; all of them have been wickedly tasty , and there is not a single one i would not make again . our particular favorites are the mojito marinade , the cornbread , the tomato soup , the spicy drunken shrimp , and my husband is a big fan of the ribs . we have made the ribs for friends and family and the recipe is now being circulated throughout the pacific northwest , quite happily even by my mother in law to random people in . we have bought four copies of the cookbook now to give as gifts . this is a great addition to your cookbook collection .
2			fantasy	great	talent	amazing	book	good			e . d . baker's talent is amazing . baker has a flair for writing . emma and eadric are the funniest pair , and li l , millie , and other friends add to this great fantasy . the plot has a surprising twist , not at all what you would expect to happen . i give it 4 stars ! i may be 11 but i know a good book when i read it !
2			minute	hot	collection	great			almost perfect . this is a great collection of songs , but it's missing five hits from there album one hot minute , including aeroplane and many other's , i guess the reason there not on here is because none of the band members were fond of dave navarro , which means that is why they didn not include the five hits on here , i guess they don not care if we like them .
1			movie	bad	book	new	yorker	new	i	amazed	it	bad	literature	current	i	surprised no	stories	short			probably the best book that i ever read . i read this book four or five years ago and it still is the book against which i judge all others . i am a fast reader and pretty much read all of the current literature , but this book took me about three weeks to read even on the second go round ! i was amazed that somebody could know the head and heart of a woman so well and put it into words . i would read a chapter and reread it for the poetry and words . a few chapters stand alone as short stories . i was not surprised to read that chapters appeared in the new yorker . this is just a beautiful book . it's too bad that the movie was so bad . i had to buy a brand new book because i wore the other one out . this book should be oprah's book of the summer . every woman should read this book . take your time it seems to move slowly , but enjoy the poetry of it . the best ! ! !
2			stellar	solid no	looks	great	tv	big			solid , not stellar . love the sound and graphics . looks and sounds great on big screen tv . it takes a while to get used to driving the kart , however , once you master it , you will be hooked . i only wish they had included more tracks to race on .
1			versions	original	this	suck	versions	bad	music	good	stuff	new	rap	good			this sucks . if you thought the original versions were bad , then these mixes will leave your mouthfeeling like hell . for good rap metal listen to rage against the machine , body count and e town concrete , and for good music in general listen to iron maiden , megadeth , sepultura , metallica hell , even the new stuff's better than this crap ! anthrax , sevendust , etc
2			graphics	beautiful	look	good	version	japanese	heaven	like	it	stunning	music	awesome			this is what heaven must be like . i played the japanese version of dmc and the demo that came with recvx and i have to say this game it's absolutely stunning ! ! yes i do speak japanese and yes i m writing this review based on the finished copy . ps 2 gamers prepare to be blown away , the graphics are the most beautiful i have seen in a long time and the control's so responsive you will be backgrounds look like ff 9 s cinemas yes , that good and the music is totally awesome .
2			buy	great	acting	great no	price	great			great buy . great price and nothing beats a romance movie ! not great acting or filming but nothing like cheesy romance to bring a smile to your face and help you relax
2			floors	hard	product	great	playmats	old			great product . my husband and i bought the 24 playmats for our nine month old because we have hard wood floors . we love the fact it has a thick cushion , and it cleans up easy . we like this product so much we are buying another one .
2			dvd	original	movie	great	benjamin	private			private benjamin when will we see it in widescreen format ? ? ? after all these years since this dvd came out one of the original dvd's from the 90 s when will warners finally break down & put out the widscreen version of this great movie ?
1			stones	light	quality	great no			disappointed . i was disappointed with this bracelet . the stones were too light and it wasn not great quality . you could only see the silver on the bracelet because the stones faded into the silver due to their lack of color . i returned this item .
2			waste	total	sos	great	album	terrible	swing	amazing			sos is great but this album is terrible . i figured people only review albums they like , so i decided to review one i don not . swing out sister is totaly amazing and kaelidescope world is my 2 d favorite album ever . but this is a total waste . noting to listen to here . if you have bought the album though , try it in the dark witha lava light on , then it almost has some redeeming qualites but not much . also , try better to travel another masterpiece , this is just trash .
1			optics	poor	function	little	images	dull			tasco essentials 10 -30 50 binoculars . this is a cheap product , so not much can be expected . optics are poor , and even in tropical sunlight i am using them in cartagena , colombia images are dull with little zoom function does not permit a smooth transition when it is being recommendation to prospective buyers is to spend more for better quality zoom binoculars , or to stick with fixed 7 x 50 or 10 x 50 models and invest in better care needs to be taken with the packing my binoculars arrived with one of the object lens tubes bent out of its mounting on the prism case . fortunately the threads were only slightly deformed and i was able to re assemble the binicoulars satisfactorily .
2			vincent	awesome	characters	great	chemistry	awesome			love this show ! love watching this show , the characters are great & the chemistry between catherine & vincent is awesome ! looking forward to the rest of the season !
2			version	new	credits	catchy	looks	great	things	bad	version	original	rest	great	credits	superior	show	good	soundtrack	good			good show , good soundtrack , however . love the show , and this soundtrack looks great . but buyer version of all things just keep getting better is not the version you hear during the opening credits of the show . the version on this cd is the newer remixed version which has been featured on the video to the song . imo the original version during the opening credits was far superior and far more catchy . this new remixed version sounds like , well , a remixed version . so be aware of this before buying the cd . but that's all the bad things i can say about it . the rest of the album is great . ps if anyone knows where one can find the original version of all things just keep getting better if it even exists on cd please let me know . thanks .
2			black	awful	iron	great	decker	awful			wonderful . this is a great waffle iron . however , don not even think of using the waffle recipe that black and decker is beyond awful .
2			cd	great			all that jazz volume 4 . i had looked all over for this cd . after i was about to give up , i checked , it was located without any trouble at all . the delevery was faster than i expected . the cd is great , was great , along with the vender that sold the cd .
2			faves	new	they	awesome	they	live	cd	great	band	great	they	cute	week	next	stage	big	way	new			good on cd , better in concert . i just got back from yc youth conference and i saw switchfoot twice once on the side stage , front and center in the mosh pit ! and the second time when they opened on the big stage ! they are sooo awesome live , and i was sort of dissapointed when i got the cd because they aren not as hyper as they were live , but i quickly got over my dissapointment ! they are such a great band , one of my new faves ! i definitley recommend it , also you should buy one of their hoodies ! they are cute and red ! so yeah , great cd , i m buying new way to be human next week !
2			track	bad	tracks	disappointed	maturity	musical	effort	great	hook	great	chorus	personal	boy	little	tracks	heavy	to	great			great follow up to are sist . kosheen have returned with a great follow up to are sist which featured the hits hide u , catch , & hungry . kokopelli features less drum n bass beats and focuses more on mid tempo guitar pop songs and the results are quite single all in my head is a catchy love song with a great hook & superb vocals by sian . other highlights inlucde coming home which is my personal favourite with its i m coming home now baby chorus not leaving my brain since i first heard the track . avalanche , little boy & ages are also standout songs and there really isnt a bad track on the of hide u and the heavy drum n bass tracks featured on the last cd may be disappointed as the volume on this album is turned down a bit , however this is a great effort by the band showing much growth and musical maturity . a cool mellow cd to chill out to . 4 stars out of 5
2			shots	stunning	shots	hot	pieces	nice	score	musical	underworld	japanese	score	great			hot shots . the shots of tokyo that open up pale flower are fairly stunning . pale flower has great musical score and several nice set pieces set in the japanese underworld of the early sixties . i especially liked the horse racing sequence where the droll yakuza bosses play chess with other people's lives brief though it is . get out your checklist yakuza / gangster / amor fou / stark cinematography . if those are on your sheet you probably will enjoy pale extras are a little scant for a criterion release hence the deduction of a star but the transfer and restoration are quite pristine .
1			quality	poor	he	talented	fan	big			not what i would hoped for . i am a big fan of chris rock and have seen him live he's amazingly talented , worth every penny . i was disappointed in this cd for the arrangements chosen as well as the sound quality , which is very poor . you can barely hear the audience laughter , and it sounds like rock is shouting through nearly all of the routines . i personally was not found of the odb inclusions / fly girl nerd boy stuff because it felt like snl skits and took away from the stand up . i will buy chris rock again , but i do not recommend this cd .
1			production	horrible	mixing	poor	bit	little	wall	solid			drown these fools . simply put , the production is horrible . this album sounds heavy not because of the riffs or drumming , but because the mixing is really poor . it sounds like you are listening to the music through a solid wall . this album is just an angrier , stupider version of godsmack . actually , godsmack look like pioneers next to these guys . i can not believe dimebag vouched for these guys in guitar world recently . i guess it is the texas connection . the guitarist uses the same bag of tricks throughout the album , a little bit of wah , simple chord progressions . the lyrics are unbelievably mundane . unless you are looking for this sort of run of the mill metal , you would do well to pass on this arti st
2			movies	great	films	worth			not exciting . this is one of seagal's lesser efforts . all actors end up in some clunkers and this is one of steven's . i feel he's been in 12 great movies and so it's not unusual to have some duds . the patriot , the foreigner , out for a kill , and ticker are duds , but the other dozen films are worth a look and fun stuff .
2			perspective	practical	one	good	resource	great	habits	healthy			a good one for your parenting book collection . as a mother of 2 1 2 year old twins , i found this book to provide invaluable advice for how to ensure that we parents take steps now in order for our children to develop a solid , enduring set of healthy lifestyle habits . what i appreciated most about the book was the dr jen's practical perspective and advice re small , incremental changes that can be implemented in the near term to help children for the long term . this book is a great resource for any parent , however new or experienced you are !
2			book	big	buy	great	price	right	discription	complete	book	great			a great book for people who like birds ! i uses this book almost every day . each page has pictures in full color of every north american bird 930 in all with a complete discription of the bird , its song , behavior , breeding , nesting & population . this book also shows the rang of each bird from summer / winter residents to where the birds can be found year round . the price is right and the book is big 10 1 4 x 8 and weighs at least 7 is a great buy if you want a book that will meet most of your needs when it comes to north american birds . richard
1			handle	plastic	design	poor	reel	plastic			low priced but you get what you pay for . this is probably the lowest priced hose reel you can find , but don not expect much . the handle and reel are plastic and will break with time and usage . i had one and it lasted one year , with fairly light use i m now shopping for a better replacement and saw this unit and thought i would share my experience . it leaked , so i had to constantly shut the water off at the faucet . also , i believe the design of the inlet valve is poor and significantly reduces the water pressure . if all you are looking for is a way to hide and unsighlty hose , this might be good enough for you . if you are planning to use it often , invest in something more sturdy .
1			acting	bad	pathedic	stupid	storyline	dumb	ending	horrible	i	excited	excuse	horrible	life	valuable			not even worth one star . this is the most stupid , dumb , pathedic excuse for a movie in the history of hollywood . i was excited when i rented it , only to be completely disappointed in such a pointless movie . the acting is bad , the storyline is completely dumb . the ending was horrible . my dad and i were disgusted after watching this . it wasn not even scary . my adice , don not take 2 hours of your valuable life to waste on this horrible excuse for a movie .
2			resource	great	information	helpful	information	good			great resource for menopause self management . this dvd provided me with good information about hormones and ways to self manage them . the supplementary information is extremely helpful too .
2			footage	great	it	cute			wholesome adventure with excitement and fun . our kids love this video . it has great footage of sichuan province , china and has a storyline the kids enjoy . it's exciting , cute and leaves you feeling good . this is a video that mom & dad love every bit as much as the kids .
2			edition	limited	special	good	effects	special	effects	amazing	fanning	great	movie	good	acting	great			awesome action / sci fi flick . very good movie , and very good special features on this 2 disc limited edition . the special effects were amazing , and the acting was great . dakota fanning was great in her role , and tom cruise even added some comedy to his role . the length of the movie was it wasn not dragging , and it got to the point at the very beginning of the movie . i would definitely recommend it to anyone for their dvd collection !
2			movie	great	part	great	nothing	extra	film	entire	it	different	it	bad			great part of a movie . my dvd stopped halfway through the movie . it's a really great movie so it's too bad the dvd is a mess . i also have it on tape and that does have the entire film on it . you may as well get the vhs version because even if the dvd did work it has nothing extra on it that would make it any different from a video .
1			quality	bad			five mile creek 20 . we got this video and it was a bad quality . we tried to get it replaced but didn not get any response from the seller after several tries . we will not knowingly buy from this seller again .
2			picture	good	picture	great	sound	good	looks	great			great picture and sound . i wanted a tv for our bedroom . this meant having a good picture that could handle both a very dark and a very light environment at various times . it also meant having good sound without having to hook the tv to a stereo . this tv does all of that and does it very well . i have my ps 3 currently hooked up to it and it looks and sounds great . the only downside to this tv is that it weighs a ton . my wife and i had a very hard time getting it mounted on the wall . also know that the deliver service will unpack your tv and test it for you when they deliver it . i didn not know this ahead of time so i had to skip that service since i was on a break from work for a few minutes was all .
2			coffee	old	insert	new	it	great			more work than a coffee pot . it's great that keurig offers a way to use any coffee brand in their machine , but this reusable filter is a pain to utilize because you have to first remove the k cup holder in order to install it . after using it , you have to clean out the filter , which involves banging out all the old coffee into the trash and then either wiping the inside with a paper towel or washing it in a sink . do yourself a favor and buy the new insert which has filters and fits in the existing holder .
1			i	glad	movies	bad	things	bad	hospital	due			there are too many things wrong with this movie . please save your money . i m all for bad disaster movies , but this one takes the cake . i m sitting here laughing at all the bad things about this movie . i mean how many people in this movie runs out of gas . you have the military who doesn not care about people who are trying escape and make them walk 15 miles to another shelter because the one they are driving people to is full . the hospital that was due for a resupply while this is taking place . the killer looking for his victi ms the racists , the girl with the as boyfriend . there are too many to name and i m so glad that i m not paying to watch this garbage .
1			i	disappointed	quality	bad			the alarm / sound went bad after 30 days . the sound / alarm went back after 31 days just 1 day after the return quality control by the company ! can not be more precise , right ? bad quality . i am disappointed .
2			constructioncons	solid	switch	separate	kvm	expensive no	them	hard	devices	due	them	perfect no	keys	hot	cables	thick	kvm	great	it	hard			great inexpensive kvm . this is my 2 d iogear kvm . a few months earlier , i bought a gcs 932 dvi kvm , and it works great . so , when i needed a 2 d switch for an older system with analog video , i got this easy to set up can emulate mac keys on pc keyboard solid constructioncons hot keys must be used for switching ; there is no separate switch . you must switch to the 2 d computer before powering it upotherwise it will not be able to read your monitor info . windows pc will bleep when switched on or off due to it detectingthe usb devices coming or going . cables are very thick making them hard to 's not perfect , but it would be hard to do better at this price !
2			one	best	it	good	taste	excellent	bottle	great	chocolate	rich			best taste . i have tried other whey products and always come back to this one . it is not the cheapest but it is the best one that i have used . it mixes very well . most importantly , the taste is excellent . i used to get the vanilla ice cream . it is really good if you want to mix some fruit in a blender . the double rich chocolate is my standard though . the taste does not get old like some of the others i have tried . one thing i like best is that i can fill a mixing bottle this is a great one single 20 z sundesa blender bottle with powder , keep it with me and fill it with water when i need it . it still tases wonderful with water instead of milk .
2			work	great	technique	good	version	bad no	quality	thin	version	bad	favorite	particular	mars	powerful	issue	particular			3.5 stars not a bad version but the sound quality is lacking . as far as interpretation and playing this isn not a bad version of the planets but the sound quality is very thin sounding and sometimes that can be a dealbreaker . maybe the ambient surround imaging isn not a very good recording technique . i would say that this planets would be in the top third of all the recorded interpretations out there . i think there are a few other issues of this and on one it comes coupled with a selection from star wars . it might have better sound quality but i m not exactly sure since i have never owned that particular issue . i think you should try karajan's two recordings or levine , dutoit , and maybe gardiner for this great work . karajan's 1981 dg version is my particular favorite and has a very powerful and menacing mars and a very beautiful and lovely jupiter movement .
2			songs	great	deftones	hate	albums	crappy			get adrenaline and skip this one . i hate the deftones because every album they released after the amazing adrenaline . pretty much sucked ! i remenber enjoying tracks like bored & 7 words as well as the other great songs that adrenaline had but after that album deftones has been releasing crappy albums such as around the fur , white pony and their self title 4 h album which sounds horrible and real boring ! don not bother insted buy adrenalie thats one amazing album .
2			part	great	child	small	films	best	town	small	town	french	actress	famous	actress	french			audrey tautou o la la . you dont want to miss the same star who played in amelie and he loves me not audrey tautou the famous french film actress who also plays a great part in this drama baby 's about a small french town that falls under scrutiny when the bones of a small child are dug up in its vicinity . when a detective looks into the case , he discovers that many strange and secretive people populate the town , taxing his powers of deduction . this isnt one of the best films audrey tautou stars in but its a cute film and very pleasant to watch .
2			story	good	series	best	differences	ethnic	dvd	great	series	perfect	conflict	political			awesome anime series . banner of the stars is the sequel to one of the best anime series , crest of the stars . this is a great dvd and leaves anyone who watches it wanting more . it perfectly combines both a close friendship and political conflict in a vast universe to create a series that is near perfect . it hints love between jinto and lafiel two of the star of this dvd . it makes you feel that thier friendship and possible love between each other is accomplished a important because of their past conflicts and signifacant ethnic differences . before buying this dvd you must watch the first series , crest of the stars which is also a must buy , so that you will now whats going on . this is a must buy for anyone who loves a good story , anime fan or not .
2			upgrade	big	level	next	clippers	great	purchase	great			great clippers . this was a great purchase . a big upgrade from my cheap wahl clippers . if you want the next level of haircutting , buy these .
2			tunes	old	fan	true	jazz	good	addition	great			that's my boy ! ! what can i say that has not already been said over here . i am a true paul hardcastle fan . i have everything he has ever created . i still go back and listen to some of his old tunes like rainforest , king tut , and forest fire . anyways , hardcastle 4 is a great addition to the other 3 hands down , the hardcastle series does not deserve less than a 5 star rating . anything less , you don not know what good jazz is . if you really appreciate good jazz , you must go buy this cd now . you won not regret it up paul !
1			tricks	bad	description	real	execution	horrible	jump	constant	tricks	literary	dialogue	real			two words uber terrible . ok , i am dissapointed in terry brooks and christopher paolini for giving this book any kind of blurb . this book had everything going wrong . plot line was nothing original , the execution of the plot was just horrible . to disjointed , and used too many bad literary tricks like the constant jump in narrative . their was no cohesion . it seemed like a cliff notes version of the book . no real dialogue , no real description , the book just jumped along . it really did seem like a book a shortcutting teenager would write . very bad read in my opinion
2			gift	great			makes a great gift for football fans . i bought this collection as a gift for my husband and he absolutely loves it . it's a must for any football fan !
2			gates	great	anything	worth	stress	high			gates rubber seals . gates rubber seals are as great an item as their drive belts are . these are top notch seals . anything by gates is well worth the money . i also ran their drive belts on my z 28 camaro under high stress for 5 years before they needed to be changed . that should tell you just how good gates is .
2			sound	great	product	great	rhythm	great			very easy on the hands . i love these spoons . i have been playing spoons for years and these are much easier on the hands than most metal spoons . they have a great sound and provide great rhythm for accompanying most music . very easy to get a finger roll , great product .
1			scenario	worst	it	ok	drama	high			a biased film . they have taken 3 stories and put the women in a worst case scenario . i felt like this film was really trying to push pro abortion down my throat , and not very subtley . they are using high drama and emotions to try to influence those who question allowing abortions as a convenience for a woman . very few women have abortions due to life threatening situations . in reality , most abortions are a matter of convenience . period . why not be honest about it ? ? i wouldn not recommend this film , but if you are really pro abortion , you would probably like it . this film is biased , but if you realize that up front , then it's okay .
2			cd	great			great but depressing . . this is a great cd it has all my favorite artist like korn , limp bizkit , guns n roses , eminen , everlast and much more artist i only thing is that the are to depressing , i mean i like the cd and all , but it needed to be to sad . ps may god have mercy on the peoples body who dont agree with my interview !
1			candida	bad			didn not kill my candida . i have bad candida , to the point where i can see yeast in my bowel movements . i took this product with every meal and it only weakened the candida . i still have horrid oral thrush and am now trying olive leaf extract . it seems to be only weakening it also . i don not know what to do anymore . everyone says i can just kill it naturally , but at his right prescription anti fungals are looking good .
2			metal	black no	fantasy	little	kids	little	metal	black	people	theatrical	albums	crappy	metallers	black	kids	rich	immortal	great			poseurs of the world unite . this band needs to go back to the homosexual bathhouse from which they a clue , numetal wigger assclowns ! this is not black metal . graveland is black metal . so is burzum , emperor , abruptum , darkthrone , and the great immortal . dimmu borgir is a bunch of theatrical gay people living out some little homo goth fantasy , and invoking the accoutraments of national socialist and satanic black metallers who have made the news over the years for their acts of crime and evil . dimmu borgir is a pantywaist band that is trying to invoke the danger of black metal while remaining silly and ridiculous so rich little fat kids parents will buy their crappy albums without concern . db is a marketing gimmick . nothing more . varg should stab these losers to death .
1			quality	poor	template	pretty	template	good	price	high	bit	bad			bad bit , pretty good template . this combo was barely acceptable for my purposes , which was drilling holes in one door made of veneered particle boa rd the bit is so dull and such poor quality that it had a difficult time finishing two holes . and wood doesn not get much softer or easier to drill than particle boa rd the template , however , is pretty bit is garbage , and the price is too high for just the template .
1			lighting	bad	game	gross			this game can be deceiving . don not this game fool you by it's rating or so much talk about insects and people say the lighting is bad and the game is gross , well i will admit that it is in the first level space pirate frigate , but it only gets better . trust me . i was like you before i bought it , i was skeptic , don not be !
1			math	necessary no	book	terrible	books	worst			terrible book ! the book is absolutely one thing there is too much unnecessary math and the problems at the end of the chapter were too challenging compared to the example problems within the chapter and to make it worse there are no how can you actually learn ! the material is presented in pieces which made learning extremely difficult . definitely one of the worst text books i have ever had and i don not recommend it to anyone . it should never be used for an undergraduate class again ! !
2			it	easy	labels	old	it	great			old labels . it was great to be able to order these labels online from amazon . they aren not available from any of our office supply stores . they were the right ones and it was easy to find that out from the enlarged photo on the website . thank you amazon .
1			game	bad	effort	good	things	little	weve	average	storyline	crap	fantasy	final	storyline	good	music	dull	graphics	bad			boring . this game is so average weve seen it all done before . ty is some aulstralian tiger thing and he has to collect these little dumb things . one word boringgg . ok if it had some decent music or a good storyline it would be a little better but it dosent . the music is so dull itll make you fall asleep . and the storyline is crap its just like any other completely lame . this game has graphics that are very bad . it seems that the designers of this game put good effort but failed misreably its a bad game that will never improve this genre . it also seems that the designers of this game were focuse on putting toghether a very common game . they didnt want to make it good or enjoyable they were simply just focused on giving it the common boring ingredeint of a platform game . and creating a mediocre game . doing only what is expected out of any platform game . there are some merits to the game but why get this with games like rachet and clank jak and daxter sly cooper or final fantasy x -2 out on the market .
1			option	expensive	luck	bad			you get what you pay for . while this was the least expensive option , the charger never worked well and broke after only a couple of days of routine use . the end was soldered on poorly so there was also a problem with incomplete charging . to be fair , i did not bother contacting the manufacturer for a replacement , so i have no idea if this was an isolated incident resultant from my own bad luck or if it was par for the course for them .
2			sound	clear	nov	great	head	little	quality	poor	soundtrack	original	pot	old	days	happy	soundtrack	great			a great partial soundtrack . i have a pop and crackel lp version of this wonderfully spacey , psychedelic soundtrack as well as a vhs copy of this dated , but era representative movie . i can confirm that 16 minutes of the original soundtrack including the trax joint passing , a little head , inner pocket , the other ed norton , peter gets off and gettin hard ; all but one of which are excellent instrumentals with atmosphere and attitude ; have indeed been left off the cd for some unexplainable reason . given the poor audio quality of my vintage lp and despite the missing 6 trax ; i may have to purchase the cd to enjoy most of it in clear digital sound . the movie , the music and the era may be passe for most x & y generations , but for us old pot heads the trip is a fine reminder of our happy days tuneman from the great white north 03 nov 2000
2			condition	great			simon and garfunkel . i didn not know what album to buy so a collection of their songs seemed the most logical for me . the cd was in great condition . satisfied !
2			product	great			os 2 . great product ! everything it said it would live up to . shipping was as said , also ! couldn not ask for more .
1			cd	poor	information	useful			book very poor . this study guide is more an overview of it merely touches on the topics and does not go into much detail . granted it does contain some useful information that you may not find in other books , but it does not prepare you for the te st also , the cd is very poor ; it does not allow you to choose the number of questions , nor does it provide you with the explanation for the correct answers . study on your own for this one .
1			humor	dry	movie	bad	it	humorous	son	old			a disappointment . this was truly a disappointment . i have always liked robin williams movies however i did not realize the foul nature of his humor . not only was the language a self contest of how many foul words could he condense within a given time period , but the humor was dry to non existant . i really tried to finish the dvd , like a bad movie you hope to find some redemptive value in ; but could not . even my 26 year old son didn not find it humorous . robin should stick to movies .
2			reference	great	collections	great			wow i never expected this i am truely inspired ! thanks . 500 fairy motifsis so much more than i expected . i want to thank the author for putting toegther such a great collections of artists and artwork . this is exactly what i was looking for a great reference for fairy lovers and believers i am truely inspired thanks helene
1			it	terrible	episode	worst	version	sappy	surprise	big			horrible at best . this outing from the futurama crew was by far the worst episode ever thank you comic book guy . the beginning has such promise interspecies marriage ! unexplained phenomena in the sky ! bender getting electrocuted ! and then it all goes horribly , horribly wrong . in truth , i can not begin to explain why it's so terrible , since i m sure many people reading the review will want to buy this movie anyway and i would certainly hate to ruin the big 'surprise . however unless you are super keen on seeing all your favorite characters turn into some convoluted chick flick , sappy version of themselves stay away from this movie . not funny ! !
2			season	fantastic	design	fun	lines	fun	costumes	fun	design	original			second season does not disappoint . this second season is a wonderful follow up to the fantastic first season . the names and alliterative dialog get even more creative and wacky in this second season . set design , costumes , and story lines continue to be fun and original .
2			topics	important	concepts	new	information	important	illustrations	good	book	great			it's a great book . i recomend it to all medical students . you can find in this book all the important topics of medical interest in human physiology . this edition has brought new concepts and has excluded less important information for medical students . it brings good illustrations too .
2			princibles	basic	addition	great	diagram	confusing	princibles	mechanical	book	great			great book ! simple drawings , accompany simple mechanis ms this is a great book for learning basic mechanical princibles . there is not alotof theory and formula . this is a excellent introduction to building automata . i use this book in my kinetic sculpture classes and it works well . my only critique is that the oneelectronic diagram is confusing and , well not drawn in a correct manner . but hey ! this is not an electronics book . a great addition to the kinetic sculptors library .
2			lord	great	album	best			the best of mechanic manyeruke . this is the best album ever released by mechanic and i like it cause it tells a story and reminds me of a lot of things we face in life and that the lord is great
2			album	best	ozzy	recent	album	great	aspects	black	songs	best			the best album yet . this album is so great ! it takes some black sabbath aspects and mixes it all up with recent ozzy and wow ! what an explosion of some of ozzy's best songs ever !
2			music	great	album	greatest			music's best album . there is no band anywhere who could make an album this good . no doubt it is the greatest album ever ! if you don not own this album you don not know great music .
2			crusher	great	lip	high			great crusher could use a higher lip . i bought this thing about a month ago and have put plenty through it . it came super sharp and has stayed that way so far . this thing does exactly what i bought it for and my buddy seems to like it better than his sharpstone which i personally witnessed lose three prongs in one grind . the only downside is that it does not have a very high lip to contain after grinding . i m not sure if every chromcrusher is exactly the same but mine could have used a little more capacity . takes a lot of turning which can get old , but usually your about to have some fun , so you can get over that .
2			success	total	recipes	great	sandwiches	flat			great recipes . what can i say ? i have not made all the recipes of course , but what i have made has been a total success . we now use two of the crust recipes for our flat bread sandwiches .
2			section	awesome	me	wrong	photos	best	anything	recent	it	worth no			duchovny yes . this book number i love david duchovny , don not get me wrong . however , i could barely make it through his biography . it's written in a very disjointed fashion , and everything mentioned is so out of order . it's also very outdated ; so it's not even really worth getting now . the picture section , i will admit , is awesome ; some of the best photos of david yet . the x files episode guide is extremely outdated ; it only goes to season 3 5 years ago , this book would have been a joy for me to read . but being madly in love with david duchovny , i already know most of what was in there . if you want anything recent on david , do not buy this book . the mediocre writing quality and ancient episode guide really isn not worth it .
1			writing	creative	latino	black	university	local	book	bad			bad book ! bad book ! i could not believe the format and content of this book when i requested it from nu's library . how did it get published ? there are so many typos and it was badly written ; it's an insult to refer to this material as a book , let alone allow it to represent black / latino life . please attend workshops in creative writing , take courses at your local university , read other literature , something , but don not publish anymore !
2			dvd	best	workout	fantastic			fantastic workout ! the best dvd i ever tried . it works if you stick with it . love it ! is helping me out a lot . will buy more cathe friedrich's workout
2			it	physical	it	spiritual	allegory	little	book	great			a great book for those experiencing trials that means all of us ! this little allegory is a beautiful tale of a girl , much afraid , who is a cripple , with crooked feet . and really , isn not that all of us ? it doesn not matter the particulars , we are all crippled by one thing or another , whether it's physical , mental , psychological or spiritual . this story shows the value of perseverance , and the importance of communicating with the chief shepherd , even when all you have is complaints .
2			i	disappointed	material	good	detail	great			good , but only for windows . great detail , but i was very disappointed to discover it is only for windows . it does not cover pe 4 for the mac . there are some substantial differences between the applications on the two platfor ms good material , but now i have to figure out what to do on my mac the author , there are no plans to update for the mac . surprising to see it abandoned , since most of the missing manuals cover the mac platform .
2			i	glad	novel	best	it	good	trevanian	great	parts	unbelievable			a very disappointing book ! shibumi came with so much hype and rave reviews behind it that i could hardly wait to open the pages of this the great trevanian's spy novel . i started reading and reading , waiting to be pulled in to the best spy novel since the world was created . sadly , it just never of shibumi was good , other parts were not . some parts were just completely unbelievable . many parts that did not seem that important to the story seemed to go on i said , a very disappointing book and one i was glad to be done with and throw in the a side note , i would appreciate it if some of you who read this review would give me a helpful vote . i am trying to become a top notch reviewer .
2			toy	great	it	good no	design	poor	blocks	flimsy	toy	expensive	velcro	hard	concept	good	way	different	concept	great	velcro	difficult			good concept poor design . the concept is great , the design is lousy . the trouble is that the blocks are flimsy without attaching on multiple sides , and the velcro is so difficult to undo from the cushion . as an adult i have a difficult time with this , sometimes taking up to 2 minutes for just 1 side of a cushion , so i can not see a child under about age 6 or 7 being able to do it themselves . my fingers and knuckles get chewed up in the process . the velcro is so hard to pull apart that some of the pieces are now coming off the cushion and i will have to sew them back on . the cushions should be thicker and the velcro possibly done a different way . i thought it would be a great building toy , but it's not very good for that . my son just piles the cushions and jumps on them and over them . when we want to build forts we will probably just go back to using my couch cushions . this is an expensive toy for what you get .
2			i	disappointed	book	great			as always this was a great book . i go from month to month waiting for these books . i am never disappointed . mr axler keeps you wanting to turn the page and see what our heros get into next . please keep them coming . faster if possible .
1			cinderalla	old	stuff	stupid	bands	suck	it	bad			what the . cindarella ? what kind of name is that this is the most stupidest cd on earth i player a 20 sex sample and it was so bad . your better off going with godsmack or disturbed or slipknot then this stupid stuff . they all look drunk and longhair bands suck . there stomics make me sick its so hairy . cinderalla is a blast from the pa st if you listen to tis your prolbey all old and wrinkley . stay with the times slipknot disturbed godsmack !
1			anything	bad	copy	old	experience	good	it	hard			do not be juju would by this book . not only is this poorly written and sophmoric it is hard to believe that a publisher would actully try to sell it i found an old copy at a hostel in africa . i found out why only the first 25 pages had been read if you are serious about africa , the experience it can provide , or want to have a really good armchair travel experience read anything is just that bad
2			book	useless	companion	great			actually 0 stars . don not waste your money . this book was useless . i just returned from my trip on route 66 and never once found this book useful . i suggest route 66 adventure handbook , by knowles and highly recommend traveling route 66 by freeth . the last a great traveling companion helps figure out mileage and what to see .
1			looked	good	review	previous	story	bad	horror	good	stories	effective			stephen king butchers stephen king . there are a lot of disturbing things about the film adaption of stephen king's pet sematary and i don not mean good horror disturbing . the worst is that stephen king finally got the chance to adapt his own novel for the screen . and he butchers his story as bad as any other hack job that's ever been done . maybe it looked good on paper i m referring to the script , but it's a wreck also really bothered me was how the filmmakers portrayed a woman's disabling disease as if she was just a horror film monster cast tries ha rd and i disagree with the previous review the star trek chick was far from distracting . i have never watched star trek so i thought she was sematary is one of king's most effective and frigthening stories . unfortunately , onscreen it never rises above being just a dumb gory slasher flick .
2			voice	easy	quality	easy	item	great			great item to own . bought this for my husband to listen to in his truck as he drives around a lot for work . he likes the quality and the voice is easy to listen to . good buy for the money .
2			it	ok	fan	real no	it	great			very entertaining and fun to watch . when i first bought this movie , i thought that it would be ok to watch because of the animation . even though i m not a real race car fan , i found myself surprisingly involved and enjoying this movie ! it's great ! highly recommended . kids and adults alike can both enjoy .
2			i	wrong	performance	good no	performance	good	deal	great			50 50 chance ! i bought 2 of these cables a few months ago . the cables look well made . performance was good and not good . one of the cables i got worked fine but the other cable was a dud . highly disappointed ! thought i was getting a great deal here but i was wrong .
2			buy	best	shipping	free	cable	basic	price	great	price	best			great price and quality . great price and quality . i needed a cable to connect to the basic cable provided in my dorm room . best buy had cables for about $ 25 i went on amazon , found this product and purchased it for less than half the best buy price . the cable arrived in a timely manner with free super saver shipping and it works perfect so far . i have been using it for about a month .
1			news	good	disappointment	huge	news	bad			a huge disappointment . i expected much more from sony . especially sound quality . i bought a clock radio 40 years ago that puts this thing to shame . the good news . it works . the bad news . the controls are misplaced and poorly marked . there is no digital tuning . there are no presets . it sounds awful ! it features dual alarms , which i don not need . this thing was designed by a jokester .
2			skin	smooth	peel	great	sting	little			glycolic peel great moderate peel . i purchased this item to use it on my clients . i love the product since it gives you a moderate peeling . just make sure to get the neutralizer to put on after you apply the acid . do not leave the acid for more than the recommended time or your skin will peel severely & burn . if you do it once or twice weekly your skin will be very smooth & the pores become finer . i highly recommend this product , just make sure to get the neutralizer & follow the directions carefully . the results will be worth the little sting .
2			i	surprised	part	great	one	next			great part 2 i lost track of thalassa ali after reading the first book in this series , so i was surprised to find that two more were finished . although perhaps more of the romance novel than the first book , the second is a satisfying sequel . it continues to provide interesting detail about the time and place , the customs , beliefs , and prejudices while delivering an interesting plot and an engaging , if flawed , heroine . having just finished this book , i can not wait to plunge into the next one .
2			idea	great			great idea lousy execution . lasted perhaps a year before the seams burst , but it actually worked when it was intact . please note that when you fill this thing with water it weighs a ton !
2			game	great			great game . great game really had not had time to play it much but glad to know it is in our home when ever we get the chance to play .
1			i	surprised	it	boring	she	popular	writing	bad			boring . still reading it after a month just to say i finished the & @ thing ! this is not the first book of hers i have read , but consistently i have asked myself why she is so popular . it's not that the writing is bad it's just boring . i don not care about the characters or the situation . and with atlantis and gods / goddesses in this book , i m surprised to find myself soapathetic !
2			it	perfect	accessory	helpful	looks	great			quik shade recreational 10 x 10 . the quik shade canopy is the easiest canopy to set up i have found . the ball bearings used on the joints make it possible to easily set up and take down by myself , which is extremely difficult with others brands i have tried . i have used the canopy many times in the last year and a half and it still looks great and operates like new . even though i bought it for use as a sun shelter , it has come in handy as a rain shelter on occasion as well . it is perfect for use on our patio and for camping . the screen set i bought as an accessory is also helpful keeping the bugs away in the evenings .
2			game	enjoyable	game	awesome			better then before . this game is awsome . if you liked the first one you will like this ten times better . in tony hawk number two you can create your own parks and your own players . this game is enjoyable for all ages .
1			tapes	old	quality	bad	it	difficult	ms	original			barely listenable . of the many john sinclair produced old tapes released on cd in past years , this is one of the wor st the sound quality is bad , the packaging is fair , the performances are get the picture . it's difficult to listen to for a variety of reasons . there's even a warning on the cd for anyone who would take time to read it , stating this is raw material and directing newer mc 5 fans away from it and to their 3 original albu ms take that advice and skip this mess .
1			principle	good	code	bad	example	simple	grammar	complete	test	large			too shallow . the book provides only shallow explanation of how tdd is supposed to work . oversimplification may lead to bad code . for example , red / green / refactor principle is only good if your first test is comrehensice enough . imagine you are writing a parser for a complex language html , c , whatever . you simply can not write it piece by piece , that is , write test for parsing a simple construct and then add more code to parse more complex constructs . what you end up with is a bunch of spagetti ifs . your first test should be large enough to force you to use lex / yacc approach . the grammar does not have to be complete , but the framework has to be there from the beginning . stack example is way too simple . c mon , decent developer should be able to implement it correctly on whiteboard in 30 minutes . nunit software is mentioned too many times , the book begins to look like a commercial .
1			glossary	limited	topics	easy	pages	small	organization	poor	book	difficult	information	solid	it	hard			wish there was another option . this book is difficult to work with . the organization of the book is poor and i wish my professor had another option for us to use . it has been hard to find enough information to write my essays on easy topics , the glossary is limited , and there is alot of text crammed into small pages . i am a 4.0 grad student and this book is the most difficult i have ever worked with . i suppose the information is solid but it is not very through and could use a better layout . use it if you have no other option .
1			finish	poor	fit	poor			substandard quality control . if this were an automobile review i would comment that the fit and finish were poor . unfortunately the quality control of this product is such that the machine died after only four loaves of bread were made . i have had other bread makers including breadman brands and quite frankly , do not understand how this company tolerates such inferior manufacturing standards for this item it has the potential to reflect poorly on all items sold under this brand and possibly all brands of it's parent company , salton .
2			works	great			works great . works great and well made i got it to use in my rv because it folds up and stores out of the way .
2			they	cheap	thing	best	achievement	great			they are cheap and confortable . i love these flip flops . they are really confortable and best thing is that they are really cheap . i bought two pais of flip flops one for me and for my boyfriend . he loves them , which is a great achievement !
2			idea	great	date	wrong			misleading very frusterated . regret paying $ 200 for this . love the idea ! if it really worked the way it was advertised i would be elated . the tempermental scanner works 50 of the time . to get the scanner to take my receipts is often a hair pulling experience . it freezes my mac and i often have to reboot my computer multiple times to get it to scan . other times it works as normal . the application certainly doesn not pull in the data as the advertisement . it pulls in the wrong vendor , price , date . i basically end up manually entering all the information . i still have hope for this because i think its a great idea . if you want to use this to file and store your receipts than its great . if your purchasing this because you think it will save you time and energy think again .
2			book	fantastic	classics	true	delight	greatest	commentary	critical			only two stars for the penguin edition . it's a fantastic book , of course , and it certainly doesn not need me to praise it as millions have done before . it's probably one of the most unique things ever written the only book that could be considered both completely a children's story and completely a book for adults . the only problem with the penguin edition is that it's grossly over annotated . for scholars this may be very helpful , but sadly enough a lot of the notes are either irrelevant to non professors or provide critical instead of historical or biographical commentary which , in my opinion , ruins the greatest delight of the book aaiw / tlg are highly interpretable and symbolic stories , but unfortunately the commentator is always interrupting like a nagging pedant before the reader has a chance to reflect . once again , both stories well deserve their status as true english classics but another edition might be a better choice .
2			movie	best	movie	great	movies	underrated	anyone	mad	movies	best			one of the best movies of 2012 . this could very well be one of the most underrated movies of all time ! it's arguably the best action movie of 2012 if not a close second . i would give this movie 6 stars if i could ! great movie ! anyone that gives this movie less than 4 stars is obviously still mad about the voice mail's mel gibson left his ex , get over it already .
1			camera	united	it	new	service	bad	quality	amazing	it	little	it	bad	it	easy			it's too bad . i recently got this camera and loved it ! it was easy to use , the quality of pictures was amazing , and there was practically no delay . it's a little on the bulky side , but i can handle , after less than 2 months , it stopped working . the zoom went crazy , the pictures were all fuzzy . i returned it to united camera per kodak's instructions and they wanted to charge me $ 142 to fix it ! that's what i paid for the camera in the first place ! i could either pay to have it fixed , or pay $ 35 for inspection plus s / h to have it returned to me . they are , essentially holding my camera hostage unless i pay say there was damage to the lens that's not covered by the warranty . but i never dropped the camera and it was working fine one minute and not the next . it was brand new ! apparently , it's not such a quality camera and obviously their customer service 's too bad because i loved the camera . not sure i will ever give kodak another dime .
2			it	hate	bouncer	awkward	we	disappointed	models	new	seemed	great	bouncer	entire	assembly	easy			disappointing . we picked this item out for our registry after looking at it in the store . it seemed great ! our son hates it . the assembly was fairly easy . we were very disappointed with the sounds it came with . it was full of static and we thought it was broken until i read someone else's review that had the same problem . the entire bouncer is awkward to handle whether you are folding it up , storing it , or carrying it somewhere . perhaps i am not used to these new models of bouncers but i was certainly not impressed with this one .
2			sense	great	style	easy	fun	easy			good read . an easy fun read . good as a travelogue too but not too touristy . mccarthy had a great sense of humor and easy writing style .
2			wait	worth	inside	little	show	typical	fix	next	shows	awesome	pain	severe			this show is made of awesome . watch it . no seriously . now . if you haven not watched sherlock already , do it . it is seriously one of those shows that is so awesome it has a cult following and you literally die a little inside when it is over . fair warning , each episode is longer than the typical show , but the season only includes three episodes . it also takes longer for each season to be made . but while this means you will be in severe pain waiting for your next sherlock fix , the wait is totally worth it because it is like a really long fantastically made movie when it does come you have any taste at all , you will love this show .
2			product	great	wood	real			great product ! did a lot of shopping around for a baby furniture set . ordered this for the value and design . was a little hesitant to order unassembled furniture through amazon , but i will tell you they exceeded my expectations . not only was the furniture well packed for shipping . i was really impressed by the real wood quality and ease of assembly ! i ordered the crib , dresser and changing table to make the set . this is defiantly higher quality furniture and with my help , very well put together ;
2			product	great			great product , needs something other than a cord . i purchased two , one for me and one for my husband . i put mine on a silver chain , he is still using the co rd this should come with a waterproof chain , especially for the price .
2			choice	short	it	great	collection	good	pieces	short	it	effective			good collection . this is a well performed collection of short orchestral pieces by american composers . highlights on the cd are the lesser performed works such as william schuman's newsreel in five shots , roger ruggeri's , and henry cowell's saturday night at the firehouse . it would be great to hear some orchestras pay some of these neglected pieces more is a fine recording , a good collection , and a lot of fun . the one thing that disappointed me was that copland's variations on a shaker melody was extracted from appalachian spring for this collection . it is more effective in context of the whole piece . maybe a better choice would have been something short and self contained , like quiet city . definitely a worthy disc for your collection .
1			story	worst	genere	wrong	world	entire	outlook	magical	apple	bad			the bad apple of the barrel . worlds without end has got to be the worst story of the shadowrun universe . the indepth technoligal / magical outlook found in the other books is noticably lacking . furthermore the storyline feels like a slow moving slug trying to outrun a path of salt ie it has no punch or climax . the mysical spirt / demon that threatens the entire world is so easily defeated one wonders why he was such a threat to begin with . the characters are of generic whitewashed stock and can hardly be remembered form page to page . my advice to anyone reading the series is to skip this one so as not to be tainted by an author writting in the wrong genere . for those who have already read the owes you an apology
2			zen	hard	zen	great	air	fresh	seems	hard	introduction	nice	it	clear	counterbalance	nice			a breath of fresh air in the zen world . among the many , many books on zen , i found zen miracles by far to be the be st it is clear , concise , filled with great zen anecdotes , and is also practical , giving me exercises to grapple with myself , which have already helped me greatly in finding peace . it also gives a nice , simple introduction to zen , which seems to be hard to find in the crowded zen market . i also really liked the fact that dr shoshanna is a ph . d . psychologist with over 20 years experience , which lent the book a feeling of expertise and a nice counterbalance . if i had to recommend one book on zen , this would be it .
2			way	great	it	fun	move	new			this is so much fun ! i purchased this dvd for my children 8 and 5 and they love the fun music and cool dance moves . it is fun to watch the two of them learning together , and it goes slow enough so my five year old has time to catch on to each new move . my husband even loves to dance with them ! this is a great way to get the kids to get off the couch and get active !
1			luck	bad	reviewer	former			seems i am not the only one with bad luck . got the same problem as the former reviewer . it worked fine for about 3 -4 months . then without any specfic reason , it started to freeze up my xp pro whenever i want to copy anything bigger than 100 -200 from my harddrive . i ran the system defragment , re installed xp , changed from 1394 to usb 2 problem was still there . sent an e mail to the company , no response for over 4 away from this ! fyi , my system hp pavilion ze 1230 amd m 1400 , 512 , 20 . xp pro sp 1 with latest updates .
1			they	wrong	i	old	reviews	bad	friend	best			i want this doll . i am 12 years old and it kinda seems wierd but i want a baby born doll . from the bad reviews i think they are wrong ! my best friend has one and she says the are sooooo cute and when i had a baby born when i was 7 it did not pee you are my age or older and you like baby dolls you should get this one ! !
1			nature	mysterious	direction	poor	decision	poor	portrayal	weak	set	best	woman	young			5 for the 1 t , 4 for the 2 d . while i loved both movies , jean de florette and the sequel manon of the spring , i would rate the first of the pair to to have an edge over the second . they are both masterfully done , and you really can not watch just one of them , as they are an inseparable pair , the first movie forming the background for the second , and the second providing the resolution for the fir st without giving up too much of the story , these movies tell a story of greed , accidental murder , and resolution with the likes of greek tragedy critically and tenderly revealing the mysterious nature of the human heart . two of the best set of movies ever in my lifetime . my only criticism of the 2 d movie is the weak portrayal of the young woman , which came down to either poor direction or perhaps a poor casting decision . overall , this flaw can be overlooked , as these two movies will stand as classics for many years to come .
2			prose	great			dreams of bill ayres . obama didn not write this book ; at least not all of it . check out would econstructing obama . the similarities between ayres writing and what we are told is obama's prose are far too great to be coincidental .
1			songs	catchy	cameos	poor	cd	worst	tracks	terrible	songs	good			just retire if you ever come back like this again . better get your index finger ready . because it is going to be busy skipping over all the bs in this cd and finding clap back and race against time 2 the only two good songs on the cd . on the strength of these two songs . because they are very good songs i gave the cd a two . the beef with 50 has taken all air out of ja prior to the beef , the last temptation was his worst cd until this descent into hip pop has him straight least his pop songs are catchy and worth a listen at a party or something . this cd is straight terrible outside of the two tracks listed above . if you can find a clap back single you are better off copping this and chalking up race against time 2 as a loss . don not buy unless you wanna hear a cd with whack beats and piss poor cameos by his whack crew the murderers and outlawz outcast fatal hussein .
2			code	great			cheap and great instant code . quick and easy . and i saved 20 bux not too mention the tax from going to walmart . i bought the online code and seconds later i was on xbox live .
2			hook	good	shipping	expensive	job	great	i	pleased			yahoo ! you can buy candy canes off season ! i was so pleased to be able to purchase these mini candy canes off season . i used them for a craft project which required a lot of gluing . the hook in the canes was very good compared to most which get too close to the handle . spangler does a great job . shipping was expensive because of the weight but it could have been worse . highly recommend !
2			costumes	great			excellent show . i wish they would bring this show back . beautiful colors , great costumes , and narration by jim dale . it's adult storytime !
1			movie	bad	effects	special			only jean reno and the lizard made this film watchable . the special effects were in a word cool . the movie was in a word bad . any movie that has characters who make me want to physically abuse my tv has a problem . at least jean reno was a highlight in an otherwise enh film .
2			friends	best	read	great	books	best			wow . the sisterhood of the traveling pants is one of the best books i ever read ! it is a fun exciting tale , about four best friends . it is the first summer they spend away from each other , and the way they stay in touch , is letters and the pants . the book is a great read , that you don not want to miss !
2			instructions	great	pan	great			spongebob cake pan is great . the cake pan and instructions were great . i need a little more practice with the decorating but the cake turned out exactly as planned .
2			product	great	kids	grand			great product 5 stars . i loved it ! my grand kids loved it ! it can be quite noisy if all 3 get on it at once !
2			kit	superb	garden	little	cherry	great	darkness	complete			the herbs were the cherry so great . the herb kit that came with my aerogarden was superb and i enjoyed caring for my little garden . once it was time to replace it , i purchased the cherry tomato seed kit . these also grew rapidly , but one day i noticed that they had completely fallen would i stake these on an aerogarden ? and yes , the lights were as close to the plants as possible . i kind of leaned them against each other to keep them upright . but they still fell over several times . so they grew and grew but i never got any tomatoes . i also did follow the directions to ensure that they had complete darkness for proper flowering . fortunately we have several tomato and cherry tomato plants in our outdoor vegetable garden . unfortunately , i spent $ 20 on 3 cherry tomato aerogarden plants and got zero yield .
1			design	poor	solution	international	america	central	ring	thick no			nothing to drink in guatemala . well , here we are in guatemala , the most populated country in central america , and we find the filter bag leaks like a sieve . appears the thread design is faulty and the o ring is not thick enough to seal the connection and so we are without filtered water . poor design . i have contacted katadyn to see if they have an international solution for us ! be sure and check yours out before camping or traveling and be aware the problem worsens with each use .
1			order	new	guy	bad	seem	ok	thing	good			slams us . the movie starts slow the only good thing about the movie was when it a quick reference to new world order us blamed for what's happening in the world c i a tells england prime minster what to do . if you like seeing the usa being the bad guy you will like this movie . water boarding a war crime but no reference to all cutting off peoples heads that seem to be ok . its ok killing innocent people when getting info could save lives . a propaganda film , as you can see i dislike the movie .
2			single	memorable	dance	sophisticated	b	instrumental	advice	great			sophisticated disco / dance / r&b concoction . that this single is over three decades old is unbelievable . it sounds as if it came out yesterday . next to good times , i want your love was chic's most memorable single . diehard fans of le freak will disagree , i m sure . in this release , i want your love was in an edited am radio version . funny bone was mostly a driving r&b instrumental , save for the great advice at the end of the song .
1			series	original	one	bad	set	good			quality of dvd stincks . i love the original series but feel cheeted . there were episodes that i remember that were not included . mostly though the quality control in these dvd's is realy bad . my father owns a set , and he returned several sets before he got one that is mostly good . my set was good all the way through until the last disc . i have not returned it for fear that i will get an even worse of the things they did that i hate is they recorded on both sides of each disc , so if you get a bad one , a lot of episodes are potentially messed up .
2			mix	great	music	great	music	new			great new music from elliott . too many reviews focus on the mix and production value , rather than the music ! this cd is one of my favorite , as the songs span his career , and therefore have songs that could be on several of his older cds . my favorites are xo and either / or , and i wasn not crazy about the basement cd . i was hesitant to but this one , but i elated how amazing these songs are . btw , the mix is great !
2			influence	huge	album	underrated	start	great	song	great	sabbath	black	bands	hard	album	little	elements	great			priest classic ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! this is defintely an underrated priest album . i had read several reviews that said it was a great start for jp but nothing memerable on it . i have to disagree . every song on this is great . although it isn not as heavy as their later albums , you have got to was 1974 thrash metal came a little album has some great elements in it . there's some pink floyd moments , led zeppelin , and definately some black sabbath . although they came out a little later than sabbath , zeppelin , and maiden , jp has become a huge influence on the direction metal took and i wouldn not hesitate to say they are in the top 5 hard rock / metal bands of all metal collection should be considered complete without rocka rolla .
2			album	great	towns	small	album	best			great album . best album toby has done especially love the white rose . very reflect of small towns dying .
1			issue	bad			bad issue . the first 3 songs were as expected but the rest of the cd wouldn not play tried cleaning it still wouldn not play
1			it	good	performance	poor			poor performance . i just bought this vacuum . it's just good for nothing . you barely get to feel the pressure . it was just waste of money .
2			film	great	winning	outstanding			ditto . phenominally successful film , about a man named sam , who is killed and begins his journey to solving his own murder , as a gho st simple plot , however , the story is told with a fantastic ca st whoopie goldburg gives an outstanding , oscar winning , performance as the medium that helps , sam , communicate and get his earthly revenge . everyone says this is a great film . i say , ditto . highly recommended drama .
2			name	wrong	it	great	book	great			great book , misplace pictures . i have had this book for a while and love the recipes ! one slight problem though is pictures of cuts of meat are associated with the wrong name , or is it the other way around ? for example , it says flank but the picture is top round , that sort of thing . otherwise , it's great !
2			deal	great			no hope for the book from hope . the book is long on meaningless drivel and short on the substance you would expect from a president who served for two of thing s of his presidency he barely mentions while he spends a great deal of time talking about meaningless topics like how he liked math in school and was in the first 8 h grade class that got to take it a year early . and how one of his science teachers told the class something they would always remember every morning the teacher would look in a the mirror as he shaved and say that he liked himself . clinton said that thought kept him going in harm times . sounds to me like clinton borrowed that line from al franken deep thoughts skit on nl . obviously the book was a collection of meaningless and useless data dump knowing full well he would be asked to write a book . paid real well too .
2			i	glad	duration	short	it	great	life	short	press	french			if you are considering a factory refurbished dgb -600 . i m glad to see this model has been worked positively great for the first year and a half . then it started shutting off mid brew . we have reached the point where we have to restart it 3 or 4 times to make a 8 cup pot of is a frustrating endeavor as a consumer to purchase products with very short functioning life . price has no bearing on quality friends with a $ 2 coffeemaker from w s have had the same issue . i m really glad i only paid $ 60 for this model at a crazy new years day sale . all electronics are garbage these days . besides being out the money to purchase , you have the added frustration of things breaking at inconvenient times , and then the time spent re researching products and repurchasing this point , i m considering getting a french press . my experience definitely won not have me back to purchasing another cuisinart stars because it was great during it's short duration .
2			it	great			it was great , eye opener for all . i really liked the fun style she opened with and then got into detail about how animals are treated for food . even organic eggs and animals are treated poorly . made me a hardcore vegan again .
2			songs	great	cd	great	rotation	heavy			great cd . years ago i heard the la's heartbreaking there she goes on a top 40 station . but for some reason it never received heavy rotation this was 1990 or 1991 when vanilla ice and marky mark permeated the airwaves . years later i bought the la's one and only cd expecting that to be the only decent song but i found the other songs were great , too .
2			stories	different	stories	boring	reviews	great	stories	tedious			sorry i listened . i always read the customer reviews of books before i buy them here . and as always i did the same for this book . the reviews were great ! i couldn not wait to get my hands on this book . wow , what an absolute dissappointment . the stories were tedious and boring . almost everything in that book could have been written by the same author . even some of the same exact phrasing and scenery description was used in several different stories . it really made for dull , repetitive reading .
1			paxton	real	effects	special	movie	terrible	candidate	best	life	real	one	bad	picture	best			awful . makes cliffhanger look like a best picture candidate . this movie was terrible , and the special effects are about as advanced as 1980 or 1981 the acting , well it was worse than the story or the special effects . this was clearly the real bill paxton , and chris o would onnell has been lousy in anything i have seen him in . in fact , these guys make lithgow and stallone look like best supporting actor and best lead actor candidates for their work in cliffhanger and cliffhanger as best picture . on top of all else i didn not like about this movie , it was absurd to think about the rescue team running around at 25 000 feet without even breathing heavy yet the guys taking it easy waiting for them were wasting away of edema . if you want a mountain movie , go with k -2 or just rent everest imax . at least they are based on real life the imax version is real life , and provide a certain amount of inspiration to the viewing experience . gosh , this one , was bad !
2			parts	various	book	great			i thought this book was great . i totally felt like i was a part of this book when i was reading it . at times , it could have gone a little faster , but it was altogether a well written book . the way the author wrote the book made you understand exactly how the characters looked and felt at the various parts of the 's good about it is that it's pretty fast paced .
2			singers	superb	baritones	best	form	vocal	performance	best	form	great	bruson	great			superb performance ! this is , certainly , the best performance of verdi's ernani ever recorded . riccardo muti couldn not be better in conducting the la scala . the singers are all superb . placido domingo has just the right voice for the role , and he sings an eroic and beautiful ernani . freni has the lyrism required for elvira , and is in great vocal form . renato bruson , one of the best baritones of the 80 s , and nicolay ghiaurov , are great as the king and silva , respectively . this is the best recorded performance of ernani . from la scala to the world . you can not miss it !
1			taste	bad			not for me . i usually enjoy alternative history , but most of this book was not good in my opinion . the very idea of still being a british subject even though i am an american expatriate leaves a very bad taste in my mouth . i have heard brits brag that america would be better off if we were still a colony , but that talk is just blusster . also the idea that blacks would still be second class citizens which this book advocates does not bode well for a british controlled america .
2			business	great			i got my course book ! i finally got my replacement book , and it turned out the fedex did find the first book that was lost in the carriers hands , and i had it shipped back to directly . thanks ! business is great . damien
2			we	pleased	help	great	manual	good			it is what it is . grandson is restoring a 79 firebi rd this helped with the project . not as good as a shop manual but had great help so we were pleased .
2			movie	great	bottles	original			great christmas eve movie . watched this with our kids and what a great christmas eve movie . we can remember when this movie came out and might have seen it in the theaters . got many chuckles out of the kids asking what is that refrencing the walkman or original pepsi bottles . great movie and great time with the family .
2			it	beautiful	it	great			absolutely beautiful . i recently heard excerpts from this cd on radio . it was so beautiful i decided to order it and it is truly great !
2			taste	great			gu espresso love . love it ! if one has to eat this stuff , at least it can taste as great as this ! the caffeine is also an added bonus .
1			lyrics	weak	beats	hot	way	bad	me	wrong	songs	good			sophmore curse . now i have been waitin fo this album since i heard fab's debut album which was off the meter . this cd street dreams howeva straight smells . now im not sayin there's no good songs cause there is . like 3 of them not give a . never duplicated , adn the hottest one forgive me father . the lyrics are so weak on many of the tracks that i wanna throw the damn cd out the window . now i was and nelly show mad similarities after ive heard street dreams 1 both went mainly r&b with their sophmore lp 2 both made songs wit hot beats but had stupid . topics on their sophmore joint air force ones and fab's made throw backs 3 both albums are weaker than their first one . so overall im mad disapointed in fab here , even though he says , the game ain not changed me which is wrong because it did change him and it changed him in a bad way he turning into ja rule goin from straight gangsta to an r&b singer .
2			songs	great	cd	great			living out the dream . this is a great cd . i bought it for 3 songs on it , but there are more songs that are great too .
1			script	poor			there's something about mary something foul about mary ! this movie starts out with a lot of promise , with lots of laughs , but by the second half hour , one is just clamoring for it to be over . it's an extremely uneven movie although it must be noted that none of this is cameron diaz fault , who does the best she can despite a poor script . the movie is a bore , and a waste of time . what a silly movie just skip it !
1			copy	regular no	isbn	real	dad	poor	store	local	dad	rich	book	local	copy	original no			not what i thought . pocket sized version . if you looked up rich dad , poor dad and saw a preview of the book that shows almost 300 pages . please is not the original regular sized copy this is the smaller , pocket sized version . even if the preview shows the original it really is not . they ship you the book you want based on isbn on what you actually happened to me 3 times before i figured out i needed the isbn to order what i wanted . when i went to my local book store to get the real isbn so i could find the correct copy i just went ahead and purchased the book from my local book store . bypassing amazon altogether . this is the only time i have ever been dissatisfied with amazon online purchasing .
1			lid	free	design	poor	looks	nice	nook	little	service	terrible	word	worth no	service	horrible			faulty lid , poor design , and horrible customer service . this cooker looks nice on the shelf . that is about all the praise i can give it . as the rice cooks , the starch gets under the edge of the lid in a little nook that makes it almost impossible to clean the lid well . after about ten uses the plastic knob broke off . my manual says that my machine has a three year warranty . i contacted cuisinart about the problem and the poor design , they offered to send me the $ 5 lid free of charge , asked for my address , and then said that actually they could not send me the lid and i had to buy it . all of this was in are actively looking for a replacement for our cooker . i really have no interest in buying anything from a company with such terrible customer service . clearly cuisinart's word is not worth even five dollars .
2			book	big	book	useful	version	new	extent	great	book	necessary	authors	humorous	issues	difficult	user	experienced			big and necessary book ! i have upgraded to photoshop 6 from version 5 and 5.5 still as an ace i think this book is very useful , it reveals issues that might be difficult to understand in this very new version of photoshop . i think this book is very useful both for the novice and for the experienced user . deke mc clelland is always very well informed , and manages to a great extent describing complicated issues . eyes perception of colors , and then how monitor shows them , and how they are on paper . the book lacks a bit because most of the images are in b / w . there are also more humorous authors on photoshop out there , but if you want very much information for your money , this is your first choice !
2			feels	good	functions	great	version	current	controls	extra	it	pretty	accuracy	good	functions	basic			cool , but what about software ? the basic mouse functions are great . it has good accuracy , feels good in the hand , it's pretty , and i like the potential of actually using the 6 other controls when logitech updates their software . i followed the excellent instruction booklet to install this on my windows 2000 dell computer , but i was never able to find a way to assign commands to the extra controls . the installed software thought i had a 2 button mouse . i zoomed on over to logitech's website to look for solutions and downloaded the current version of the mouse software . however , even logitech's updated software can not recognize anything more than a 2 button mouse . i have since removed all of logitech's software , sent them an e mail explaining the problem , and i still have effectively a cute 2 button cordless mouse . i suppose i expected more from top of the line
2			pointers	great	ratings	different			keep your readers turning pages . whow , there's been a lot of different ratings on this book but i don not doubt . this is a five . i don not agree with everything bickham says , but the parts that stuck with me , improved my writing a lot ! if you need pace to your story , this tells you how to achieve it . if you wan not your readers to keep turning pages after midnight , this gives you great pointers . i edited my novel one last time after i thought i was finished and it made it so much better with bickham's advice . this is definitely worth the time and money !
1			girl	old	book	worst			this was gene stratton porter trying to make money . this was ms porters worst book . it is full of simpy ideas . a five year old girl falls in love and the rest of her life becomes is this love .
2			conclusion	worth	book	worth	characters	great			liaden universe prequel . if you have read any of the earlier books , you have seen references to jela's tree a tree with illusions of mysticism . get to the root of the mystery in this novel of the early years of the liaden universe when jela first encountered the tree . as always , the authors deliver great characters and intriguing plot lines . this book and its conclusion , crystal dragon , are well worth the price !
2			options	limited	experience	weak	level	difficult	game	stupid	graphics	great	game	great	driver	professional			great game if you are a racing engineer or professional driver . great graphics , but the in game options really made the experience weak . the arcade version the only level i could even begin to handle was still quite difficult in terms of driving physics simulator mode being nearly impossible , and had very limited play options , that is , not allowing a race against a full field of cars . why not ? ? that's lame ! since i don not have hundreds of hours to study racing like an engineer , and even more hundreds of hours to spend playing a stupid game , i much prefer the arcade like action of the need for speed series . if you are accustomed to that type of game play , do not buy this .
1			programmers	bad	looks	amazing	episode	final	episode	regular	sendoff	good	it	worth	project	entire			the simpsons in the 30 h century . i love this show . but because of bad programmers at fox , this show is no more who thinks this should have been on following the simpsons ? maybe then the show would have fared least they are getting a good sendoff . the game from what i have seen from screenshots looks amazing and not to mention funny . however since it's being billed as a lost episode or final episode it's worth it just to watch a regular tv episode which is what matt groenig who's supervising the entire project is billing it as .
2			music	great			blind hatred has ruined the beastie boys . have you ever been in a fight with someone and justblurted out something stupid . blinded by your own emotionthat's pretty much this album . it seems as though theircreativity has been stifled by this deep resent for the love of god ! make me great music ! i don not come toyou for guidance or propaganda . i come to you tosmoke the smoke and drink the drink . if you have amessage , wrap it in a metaphor like art . not like someliteral moby blather . i feel cheated because i voted withmy dollar without even knowing you are using my dollarto vote against my ideals . i think i will put brass monkey on .
2			smells	strong	feels	good	it	strong no	feet	normal	it	thick no	one	regular	feet	dry	smell	nice	feels	great			smells really strong but feels great . i bought this on a whim when my feet were aching one day . it smells really strong , and you can smell more plum and tea tree oil than peppermint . it also doesn not tingle as much as a purely peppermint foot lotion , and it's not as thick as a regular one so if you need a really intense moisture then look elsewhere . but i have normal feet that are only normal feet dry , so this feels good it really is soothing , and you can kind of feel the peppermint but definitely feel the tea tree oil . and honestly the smell is nice once it's on your feet and rubbed in it's not as strong .
2			carb	low	substitute	great			great for a low carb treat . if you are on a low carb diet , these are a great substitute for snickers , my husband and i use them as a treat .
1			writers	best	escape	good	guys	bad			intense . christine always seems to grab your attention at the beginning anddrag you into the plot , the emotion , and the can picture yourself involved in the story and reality is in the other room . it always makes for a good escape ! her charicturesall have drama in thier lives and clashes with the bad guys . solutions are always catch your attention and hold you there . you can not put the book down . christine maked the heat , rain , flowers rivers and all else set up in your of the best writers i follow .
2			product	great			my dentist recommended sonicare . my dentist told me to buy one . it is his favorite . i also bought one as a gift for my son and he loves it . great product . the best on the market .
2			trouble	big	buys	great	you	happy	part	worst	company	great			battery latch broken hp lost computer claims no responsibility . amazon is a great company and have many great buys on line here , however hp buyer's please be wary . if you never have a problem with your computer , you will likely be happy . however if you send it in for service , you may be in big trouble . i sent mine in for a broken battery latch . this , by the way , was extremely weak for the task of holding the battery in the housing . however , the worst part is that i shipped it to hp under warranty . hp service is now claiming that they shipped it back to me , however they can not give me a valid tracking number . they say i should take my troubles to fed / ex . ladies and gentlemen , i am out the cost of the computer as far as i can tell and hp is claiming no responsibility . hp lost the computer .
1			characterizations	good	name	bad	point	major	constructions	painful	seller	best	book	good			badly written , preposterous pile of trash . this is one of those books that's so bad you can use it to judge critics because if anybody says it's well written , or well plotted , or has good characterizations , they are nuts . the fact is , there's no characterization , the sentence constructions are painful , and at least one major plot point is impossible . if you are paying even a minimum of attention , you will put the book down and go , huh ? this book is good for exactly one thing it shows you don not have to spend a lot of time writing a book or even be a competent writer to have a best seller . i don not mind mindless escapism heck , i will give janet evanovitch two thumbs way up but when it's a trash heap like this it gives reading a bad name .
2			quality	suck	screen	great	screen	fantastic	strength	suck	seemed	nice	menus	slow			gave sony a 2 d chance , still sucks . after years of problems with sony home elctronics and car audio problems , i gave them another chance and bought this phone . seemed pretty nice at fir st great screen and buttons . that's all it has going for it . menus are incredibly slow , signal strength sucks , voice quality sucks . it tends to break apart when dropped it happens . the screen is fantastic though .
2			formula	classic	graphics	realistic	graphics	exceptional	formula	excellent	graphics	great			graphics are exceptional . bought it for my two boys since they liked the turismo series . arcade play was lacking but the classic turismo formula was excellent . very realistic and great graphics . i liked motorstorm pacific rift better than gt 5 pro but only because the arcade style motorstorm let me play head to head with my sons . you won not go wrong with either .
2			activity	physical	workout	easy	feels	great			for beginners . i m , fifty years old and have only dabbled in fitness over my lifetime . i was looking for some variety to get me back into some much needed physical activity . this workout is by no means easy . i was a member of the y 25 or so years ago and attended some of their exercise classes . this pilates dvd is exactly some of the same exercises i did in that class , except we didn not use bands then . i would say for someone who has lived a sedintary life , the workout with the band would be challenging but not impossible . these kinds of workouts can really be followed along at your own pace . the stretch feels great !
2			actor	great			yes . love it . great entertaining . channing is really a great actor . a little slow at times , but well worth the time .
1			formula	new	job	bad	spicy	fresh	formula	awful	scent	original no	original	real	i	amazed	nate	old	bottle	old	bottle	new	powder	old	scent	classic	scent	new			not the original . revlon changed this classic , timeless scent not original as bottle says , and it didn not work ! i had seen the many comments on this and other sites , and decided to test it out for myself . i bought a new bottle , and splashed a handful of it on one arm , then splashed a handful from my old bottle on the other arm . i was amazed to find such a change the new formula is awful ! the fresh , spicy scent with the almost musky accent is completely gone . i could blend rancid lemon juice and some 50 year old old talcum powder and produce something similar to this new scent . yuck ! bad job , revlon ! maybe i will come back to try it again in a year or so , though i doubt they will listen to us and go back to the real original . i m really going to miss my old jean nate !
1			dispite	bad	girl	young	people	young	boy	young			sandry becomes a teacher . sandry is now living with her uncle , duke vedris iv after he had his heart attack . sandry is now watching over him in summersea . when sandry fa toren finds a young boy dancing a spell on a beach she knows right away that he has magic . dispite that sandry is only a young girl she knows that she must teach him to controle and use his magic before anything bad happens . before sandry knows it she hears of a killer that is killing all the membes in a wealthy , merchant the children . while sandry is teaching the boy magic she must also find the killer s . that will be difficult . and . young people can be can her student , is an awesome book ! i hope that you read it !
2			anything	great	they	thick	page	useful			inspirational and amazing . well , i can not say anything less than great about the book because every page was useful . i read and reread the book several times to appreciate all of it since you get so much information without any thats garbage which is what most books contain when they are as thick as this one . the recipes i already had a chance to try to make were a success . this is only my 8 h book in the culinary field so i am no expert but if my word means anything i say get this book and learn a lot !
2			album	great			garbage . one word says it all and i sure dont mean the group with that name . this is a great album for the teeny boppers
2			songs	great	she	great	music	wonderful	fan	new	i	happy	ms	great	i	excited	release	great	collection	greatest	song	bad	songs	new			excellent . i am a new thalia fan , becoming a fan of hers after hearing her song i want you with fat joe . soon after , i got thalia 2002 , arrasando , and amor a la mexicana . they are all great albu ms obviously , i was excited when i saw that this was to be released . this music is wonderful ! i m so happy she chose to release a greatest hits collection . it includes all of my favorites plus introduces me to more of why she's so great . this album deserves more attention and praise than the lauding it's receiving . there is not one bad song on this album and the two new songs are great as well . i m also glad she chose not to release reencarnacion on this album . the only other songs she should have included are dance dance the mexican and y seguir . overall , a great release and i m looking forward to what's coming next from the latin queen of pop .
2			item	great			great item . very useful when you do not want to have to mess with a corded appliancedelivery was quick
2			storyline	great	characters	main	knight	black			the black knight . this book has a great storyline with twists and that keep you wanting to read more . you feel yourself rooting for the main characters and hoping for justice .
2			one	good	fan	biggest	investment	great	one	next			its about time for this change . i admit it i have been a fan of bone since the faces of death days truthfully probably their biggest fan but in all honesty bone has disappointed me a few times . its not their last few cds wasn not good its just that i know as well as all of you know that bone can rip some trax when they want to . this cd i hpe and pray is a sign of their future cds because this cd is the first in a looooong time that i see them live up to their potential . they rip damn near every track almost as good as east 1999 this cd in my opinion is a great investment and a must have for every bone fan or anyone who like fast tongue twistin rap . i give bone nothing but love for this cd and pray that their next one is even just half as good .4 .3 its great but its no east 1999
1			work	little	shots	atrocious	shots	bad	pro	local			from a weekend golfer . three years ago , i was to the point as a weekend golfer that i wasn not having any fun with the game . not able to get off the tee effectively , atrocious approach shots , ill fated pitch whole gamut of bad golf shots . no fun . i had decided to either take some more lessons from a local pro , or throw in the towel . on a whim , i did a search on amazon for golf books , was intrigued by this title , and bought it for a fraction of the cost of lessons . i read the first magic move , took it to the range , and with a little work , but not unlike magic my ball was flying straighter , higher and farther than ever before . my advice buy it , work on the four magic moves , and have fun playing golf again . i am !
1			guys	bad	novel	average	guys	good			the average action novel . it qualifies for 2.5 stars . a simple action , mediocre plot , the invincible action hero , a couple of good guys getting hurt , all the bad guys getting killed , hero saving the day and getting the know the drill .
2			it	great	one	next			scissor sisters ta dah album . this is another brilliant album from the group , i have listened to the album most days since buying it , it's great even my husband likes it . they have some really upbeat songs to sing and dance along to , well worth it . can not wait for the next one , bring it on ! !
2			ms	proble	phone	new	phone	great	colors	different			great phone when i first got it , now can not wait to get rid of it . this phone was great when i first got it . my son and i have the same phone different colors . it is very elegant looking . he started having problems right away , they gave him a new phone . now we both have problems , mostly battery proble ms we have both replaced the batteries in this phone twice in one year . from what i understand verizon is no longer carrying this phone due to the amount of problems they have had . a charge lasts about 12 hours when it used to last a week . very frustrated and would not recommend this to anyone . i guess looks aren not everything .
2			looks	great			zildjian all thats needs to be said . i m a drummer have been wearing zildjian hats for at least 15 years . this is my third zildjian hat and it is the same quality as the first one i purchased back in 96 very well made and looks great on my head at p
2			buy	great	tampons	great	tampons	major	tampons	similar	business	local	store	local	chlorine	regular			excellent product . i stopped using regular chlorine bleached tampons maybe 5 years ago after learning about the possible adverse health effects . these tampons are great . there is absolutely no difference regarding quality with any major brand name tampons , and i feel much safer . they are a great buy , especially when you figure out the amount spent for these vs . similar organic tampons at a local health food store . i like to support local business , but i am not wealthy and have a hard time paying $ 8 $ 9 for a box of 16 tampons . give me a break ! i just wish that amazon would carry these in the with applicator version , which seventh generation makes . i like to have both on hand . buy them .
2			game	great			great game ! this game is a lot of fun and enjoyable . great , lengthy soundtrack and fun gaming . unfortunately , i never recieved my order from who i purchased it from , so i got a refund and purchased it elsewhere .
2			book	easy	item	great	stitches	basic	class	short	book	great			great book , with help . i had a difficult time learning the basic knitting stitches alone with this book . it would be better if there were more pictures of what each stitch should look like when completed correctly for us beginners who have never picked up knitting i took a short class to teach the movements of the very basic stitches , the book was very easy to follow . it is becoming a great reference item .
2			furniture	great	we	happy	tower	excited			great furniture and very elegant looking . my husband and i looked everywhere for our first baby furniture and decided to go with this style . we were totally happy when the changing tower came and really excited after we got the crib in and put them all together . the furniture is very well put together and we could nt be happier .
2			black	flat	revell	nice	they	realistic	i	pleased	kit	nice	kit	great			great kit . when i bought this kit , i was very pleased with it . the parts are molded in white and chrome and they are pretty realistic . the paint list for kit is aluminum , flat red , gloss red , semi gloss black , silver , satin red , transparent red . but there is one paint they don not tell you about flat black . for seatbelts this is a pretty nice kit . revell is almost just as nice as tamiya . buy the revell kit for $ 15 $ 25 instead of $ 50 -60 for tamiya . it came very fast ! i would not recommend this model for beginners !
1			product	bad	shaver	electric	one	effective	skin	little	equipment	available			rave from a blade shaver . when i came of shaving age in the 1970 s the available equipment was mostly cheap units , that tended to take a little skin with the hairs . so , being that i had grown a beard and moustache , which i still have , i switched back to i saw this reconditioned shaver , and i have never yet bought a bad braun product , so i figured , what have i got to lose ? truly , i had nothing to lose and everything to unit was an amazement to me . and it truly is the very first electric shaver that i can say did shave virtually as close as a blade . the 4 way lock & swivel head allows the shaver to get hair that was unreachable by conventional shavers of the pa st and the clean , smooth , effortless way in which it removed the hair without even a pinch , no less a cut or nick , was especially rechargeable cordless unit , is so versatile and so effective that there truly is no way one can go wrong at this price . i highly recommend the unit .
1			spring	weak	thing	essential	reviews	bad	reviews	good	doesn	good	quality	good			looks good doesn not last long . really liked the styling of this toaster and the reviews were good , but the reviews that were bad for this product are what i should have listened to . after only a few months the spring in the left side started getting weak and would not return the waffles all the way up . i then started using the right side and it has been better , but alas the spring in that side is weak as well . besides that the toasting quality is good but not returning the waffles back up thing is essential to my toasting of anything .
2			cd	new	cd	great	i	pleased	influences	musical	cd	entire			great sophomore cd . i was concerned for a moment about maroon 5 and the direction they would attempt to go in after their debut success with songs about jane . however , after listening to the entire new cd , i was pleased with the sophomore effort . the production is a lil overpolished , but i think thats the way they wanted it . with musical influences like stevie wonder , michael jackson , prince and other r&b pop artists and rock / pop can definitely feel the push to be more marketable to a more diverse audience to broaden their fan base with this album . its cool though . these guys are definitely here to stay ! ! i love it !
1			character	main	event	entire	instant	next	home	old	fall	bad	island	new			a well written book of a mom's grief . in this book , anne davis , the main character went back to the new england island hoping to find some peace and solace in her life . she lost her daughter karen , when she took a bad fall from a window and couldn not recover . anne's marriage fell apart as well when she found out her husband matt was involved with another she wakes up one morning , to discover a fire blazing in her old island home , she escapes . but in the next instant , turns around to recover something precious ; and in doing so is rescued by a fireman on the scene . this entire event will create a miracle for anne in the end , though of course i am not going to say what . it was a very worthwhile read .
2			alatrm	great	lcd	big	lcd	nice	it	great	thing	basic			practical . i got this one since a few weeks , and love does the basics things and is loud enough to wake you up , especially if you set the alarm on radio even better to wake up with some music if you set alarm to your favorite station . don not listen to all these people complaining about everything , this alarm clock does the basic thing you gonna buy it for that means an alarm clock , radio , etc . those who exagerrate about the display it's nice lcd , big and readable as long as you don not get eye problem , and for that blame your also the light can not disturb your sleep , trust you can set up 2 alarms , i set up one for me at 10.00 and the other alatrm for my wife at 5.25 because we work different it's great . strongly recommend it
1			comedies	worst	both	stupid	film	good	comedies	romantic	boy	wonderful			i wish i could give this film 0 stars . this has to be one of the worst romantic comedies of all time . it makes the fatal mistake of having 2 unlikeable annoying leads . they are both so irritating and stupid , that , when you see the film , you hope they end up single and lonely , because they deserve it for being so stupid . the john cusack character leaves his beautiful and charming fiancee at the alter for a crazy girl who won not even give him her phone number . who would want to date let alone marry anyone like this . if you want to see a good film , about a boy was wonderful , as are most of the films on afi's 100 years , 100 passions . but , serendipidy doesn not even deserve 1 star . i am a bit confused as to how films like this end up with averages of 4 stars on . are the film studios writing all of these reviews ?
2			st	nice	girl	little	contrast	great			we love it ! we love this product . it put a stop to our little girl crying everytime we changed her diaper . she is now 14 months and she still loves it . in great contrast to other warmers that we tried , this one keeps the wipes nice and moi st wonderful buy
1			device	electronic	packaging	sharp	organizer	worst	you	lucky	organizer	sharp	device	sharp			worst organizer on earth . this is the worst organizer i have ever had or laid eyes on . i messed with the usb connection for hours , and the bottom line is , it doesn not work very often ! if you are lucky enough to establish a usb connection , you can import or export csv files without using outlook . however , be warned that your usb connection can , and probably will , be lost in the middle of the transfer . i didn not save my sharp packaging , but i will try to return it anyway . i will never buy another sharp electronic device after the experience with this around , find something that works . your time is more valuable than messing with this sharp dis organizer .
2			graffiti	like	actors	least	you	interested	artists	original	fans	hard	service	great	fans	die	school	old			i have a better suggestion . wild style is for the die hard fans of either early hip hop or old school graffiti . as a film , the plot plods along , the editing is inconsistent , and the acting is far from engaging . granted , we see the original artists at work lee , lady pink , etc but it might have had a smoother feel if the cast were made up of at the very least collegiate actors . considering lee is portraying not himself , but a character named zorro , why not use actors who could deliver a better performance ? i enjoyed the video overall only because i was there in nyc and had met lee in the late 70 s but if you are interested in a quality production on the origins of nyc rap and what graffiti bombing back in the day were really like , then i suggest you hunt down a copy of the 82 style wars . amazon would be doing a great service to the graffiti world if they marketed that video instead of this inept production .
2			pen	black	idea	great	quality	good			great idea but not so good quality . i love this idea . i hesitated to pay for a $ 100 notebook at first , but with amazon return policy , i decided to give it a try . it worked well for the 1 t 2 week i used . too bad , after that , the black pen stopped working . then i was afraid what was gonna happen next . the red pen ? the board ? so i returned it . good for me .
1			cd	next	ruben	bad	girl	bad			clay is such a joke . he might start rapping on his next cd and chances are you might hear him , ruben and pharrell do a joint together anyway clay's an okay singer but ruben was better too bad they got rid of frenchie davis to quote funkadelic the girl is bad .
2			sequel	great	i	happy	memories	happy	journey	available			wonderful childhood favorite . this brings back happy memories ! journey back to oz was a wonderful part of my childhood . i loved watching it on tv as a kid . it's a great sequel with wonderful songs and a fantastic ca st i m very happy that journey back to oz is available on dvd .
2			epilady	old	product	great	it	compact	job	good			cordless epilady great product . i was using the old coil type epilady that i had purchased years ago on my underar ms it worked okay , but it had a cord that developed a short after many years of use so i needed to replace it . i purchased the cordless epilady and i love it . i have used it at least a half dozen times and it still doesn not need to be recharged . it does a good job and it is reasonably painless . it is very compact .
1			it	rare	book	bad	something	weak			quite disappointed . it's rare that i encounter a book that i decide not to finish , but in the case of the approaching storm i eventually realized that my time could be better spent doing something besides plowing through to the story is very weak . if there are any elements in this book that are relevant to the star wars mythos they didn not appear by the time i quit reading which was when i was about 50 done with the book . this is truly a bad book .
2			i	concerned	song	great	actor	great			maggie . never thought of maggie gyllenhaal as a singer , but after seeing the movie i had to get the soundtrack . it's a wonderful cover of just the way you are as well as a great song in how lucky am i . she a great actor , but could easily fall back as a jazz singer in so far as i m concerned .
2			ball	great	room	dark	air	extra	seems	simple	seemed	expensive	air	little	it	worth	quality	high			great ball . we have had this earth ball for over 3 years now . i was hesitant to buy it at first , because it seemed expensive . it was worth every penny . it's a very high quality because i have only had to blow a little extra air in maybe every 4 months or so , and that's it . my kids have had so much fun with this toy . besides being a fun ball to toss around , it has also helped my children become aware of earth and geography . i would say this is one of those toys that seems simple , but in the end is the toy that is played with the mo st to see the ball glow , you do need a room that is quite dark . have fun .
2			them	happy	movie	great			lovely . great movie . it tell me i need eighteen more words in here so i m adding more words to make them happy .
2			one	good	movie	great			great movie . we have always liked clint eastwood . this is one of the oldie movies we just love to watch . it's a good one !
2			effects	outstanding	effects	special	presentation	outstanding	job	great	job	fantastic			outstanding presentation . donnor and co . did a fantastic job ! ! no superman actor could hold a candle to christopher reeve ! same with the rest of the cast ! great casting job ! outstanding special effects ! !
2			barrish	smart	insight	great	book	readable	school	high			great insight into acting . ok , did you ever have the experience where you have run into someone you went to high school with , and you keep thinking wow , when did they get so smart ? well , i have always thought seth barrish was smart . it is a pursuit of integrity for those who persue it and love boit is a pursuit of integrity for those who persue it and loveit . but this is a wonderful book about the realities of what it like to be an actor . acting isn not just about strikes and oscars , affairs and drug is a is a life's work . it is a pursuit of integrity for those who persue it and love isthis book not only reveals a lot of knowledge but is extremely humble and funny . this is not a pretentious tome , but a wonderfully brief , insightful and readable acting book . if you ever want to find out what actors do , and don not want to watch inside the actors this isthe book for you .
2			introduction	good	forms	various	reference	great	writers	modern	base	good	theories	various	reference	basic			great reference ! more of a text than anything , this book serves as a good introduction to the various forms and roots of nonviolent ancient jainism to modern peace writers , this will make a great basic reference for anyone , complete with sample writings and a few examples of nonviolence theories in you are looking for depth , this won not give you any , but it is sure to enlighten and broaden your knowledge on the various theories and their presentation and after reading this you will have a good knowledge base to work from .
1			youthanasia	different	i	glad	album	bad			different but good . youthanasia is noticably different from earlier megadeth releases . however this does not make the album bad . most early megadeth fans say that this is a selout . i disagree . i like early megadeth and i like this also . i like it when bands change there style . i am glad that every one of megadeth's albums do not sound exatly the same . i strongly recomend this album to metal fans . it is a masterpiece .
2			book	long	you	familiar	films	great	book	cute	stuidos	interested			cool ? nope . if you are familiar with harry knowles from viewing his website then you have already read most of the stories in this book . if you are a fan then you will buy the book regardless of reviews . if you aren not then skip it . mr knowles obviously loves movies to an almost alarming degree but there is nothing really orignial in this book . is hollywood turning out garbage ? yes . critics have been saying that since the silent movie era . are the stuidos more interested in making a quick buck than producing great films ? yeah , of course they are . not one single observation that knowles makes hasn not been made before by better writers . the book is a little too slick , a little too cute and way too long . i found it tiresome by the second rant .
2			combination	easy	expectations	great	it	easy no			great expectations disappointing results . i had great expectations for this spatula metal handle , silicone head i felt the combination would be easy to clean and maintain , and truly expectations were mostly realized . the limitation i had not realized was that the head was quite a bit smaller than expected , and that , because of its softness , it was not quite as easy to handle material as i thought it would be . overall , however , it had quite some value . unfortunately , the head started falling apart within 5 -6 months of purchase . after 1.5 years of very episodic use , i took it off of my frequently used set . i finally threw it away today . in the end it did not work out for me . not recommended .
2			instructions	clear no	promise	great			not user friendly . this item has great promise but using it is not transparent . be prepared to shlog through lots of instructions that are not altogether clear .
1			dallas	new	dallas	old	cast	original	look	old	episodes	bad	problem	huge			more like melrose place than dallas . as someone who owns the past 14 seasons of dallas on dvd , a huge problem with the new dallas is that it doesn not feel even remotely like the old dallas . unfortunately , it feels like 10 bad episodes of melrose place instead . i don not care for the writing or the casting . aside from linda gray , the original cast look really , really old , which is disappointing . i can not help but feel that they should have left dallas alone .
1			sheriff	bad			unworthy of even a pity viewing . alternate title three whitebread clowns with zero comedic acumen and no charisma go up the river . guillotine the three protagonists , keep burt reynolds and the bad sheriff , rewrite the script around them and you would have a three star picture .
1			it	crap	design	bad	height	adjustable	it	high	holes	low			don not buy this one . bad design 1 unless you only have hair at the very top of your head , it's crap . it does not have air flow holes low enough in the bonnet to dry the lower third of your hair . so , unles you like to head off to work or whatever out in the cold with wet hair at your neck , forget this product .2 the so called adjustable height only goes up a little , and it's too high to begin with . this only makes 1 above a worse problem .
2			product	great			great product . the 3 programmable presets are a must have if you live in or around a city . otherwise you would spend all your time searching for a channel that isn not in use and synching up your radio . i have the 3 presets on the transmitter matched up with 3 presets on the radio . when one signal starts to pick up interference 2 clicks and your mp 3 player is back in business . i have it hooked to my sprint treo 650 and works well .
2			camera	nice	camera	little	options	easy	techie	low	pictures	great			nice little camera . upgraded to a higher resolution after a few years , but never had any problems with this powershot . takes great pictures and easy enough for a low techie like me to figure out the many options and settings .
2			debut	solid	song	bad no	resumes	impressive			a solid debut from two masters of metal . say what you will about them , but hansi kursch and jon schaffer are metal masterminds . this album is another one they can add to their already impressive resumes . both are in top form here as there isn not a bad song on the album . schaffer gallops away as hansi wails and bellows as only he can . if you like iced earth and / or blind guardian , get this album . you won not regret it ! personal picks heaven deniesfiddler on the green amazing song ! path of glory
2			cd	great			song translations ? this is a great cd , but the downside is that i can not understand a lot of the songs . does anyone know where i can find translations to these songs , particularly mwari sigaramahoro ?
2			machine	close	pressure	low	coffee	great			moka brew coffee . bought this product after drinking great coffee in amsterdam that was pressure brewed , senseo one cup , and this machine is close but no taste from this machine is better than drip machines but not as frothy as the senseo . senseo draw back is buying your coffee in those pods , very machine is low pressure , maybe the difference in taste .
1			characters	main	suspence	romantic	ending	realistic no	book	bad			a really bad book . this book stumbles from one improbable scene to another . in attempting to create a romantic suspence , catherine lanigan has failed to be suspenseful or love triangle aspect which of the two guys the heroine will choose contains the only smidgen of suspense , but left me feeling unsatisfied . in a triangle like this , for one guy to win , one must reasons for , and the chase itself , were illogical . they just didn not flow . there was an excessive amount of description of the many minor charcters resulting in shallow portayals of the main characters and their relationships . it could have done without several of the bad happily ever after ending is completely unrealistic and some of the decisions made just didn not feel right . i wasn not convinced that the couple were truly in love and after finishing the book i just didn not care what happened to them .
2			i	bored	it	sharp	knife	sharp	knife	great			great knife , very sharp . i do a lot of camping and often need to cut rope , or just widdle something when i am bored . this knife is great for both those things and starters , this knife is very sharp , i almost cut my finger in half just a couple minutes after i got it out of the box although , i was flipping it around like an idiot . essentially , it is sharp enough to do cut what you need cut .
2			coffee	strong	coffee	great			great bold coffee ! i love this coffee for my wonderful keurig brewer ! i like strong coffee that is not bitter , and this one fills the bill . one of the very best available !
2			summer	great	pool	great			great pool . my daughter loves this pool . so far no issues with this pool . i m sure she will have a great summer with this pool
2			otto	great	book	great			another great otto book . this is another great otto book for beginning readers . we also have see otto and ride otto ride ! my 5 year old loves these books .
2			fans	young	band	great	music	good	music	hard	clay	great	weathered	boring	player	good			creed were once a great band . . were great but sadly the whole nu metal stuff appeared and swallowed the band . creed returned after a great second album human clay without they bass player he was good bass player , it's a pity he is not playing now but with new they sound like all the puddle of mudd and nu metal thing . while debut album and human clay were sounding fresh and inspiring , weathered is just boring and lit lacks of originality . creed simply wanted to have more money and not make good music so they joined mainstream and have more young screaming teenager fans . really if you like grunge or hard rock music get human clay . it is far far beter than this . avoid weathered ! ! don not let these three pseudo metal pop stars get your money !
2			art	horrible	film	great	life	real			horrible cover art for a great film . although the cover art for fever pitch gives one the impression that the film is some kind of soccer sex comedy , the film is actually a touching and funny account of one man's obsession with an english soccer team and how that obsession can get in the way of real life . adapted by nick hornby from his excellent memoir of the same name , the film has fine performances from an able cast that includes colin firth . if you are an english soccer fanatic like me , the film is a must see . an american remake was made later that uses baseball as the obsession rather than soccer , but who cares ?
1			maker	worst	coffee	hot			if only i could rate this at less than one star . . this is the worst coffee maker i have ever purchased . i challenge anyone to be able to pour a cup of coffee without the darn thing dripping all over the counter . couple that with the fact that the coffee never comes out hot and then rapidly deteriorates to lukewarm . i thought the thermal carafe would keep the hot coffee hot , and keep it fresher . wrong ! there are a lot of quality mr coffee is just not one of them !
2			tutorials	great	it	great	talk	difficult	it	easy	book	great			adobe photoshop cs 2 classroom in a book . i love this book . it has become my bible . it gives great tutorials , is easy to understand , and great for anyone beginning the difficult talk of trying to understand how photoshop works . great reference book for anyone !
1			performance	poor	shows	live			poor performance . i saw the airplane many times at live shows at the fillmore , winterland and avalon ballroo ms all shows were exelent . there is something missing on this cd . very dissapointed . if you like jefferson airplane , you will be dissapointed .
1			language	bad			ted unrated . very bad language . quit watching the movie after 20 is not my type of comedy . would not recommend movie .
2			you	willing	melodies	fabulous	you	original	vocals	great			if . you are in the market for something truly original , and you are willing to play it twice before listening , and you love great vocals , fabulous melodies and a hint of hendrix . give this a try . i have had this cd in my car for a month , running . i have not had a cd capture my imagination like this for years ! warning . if you only like stuff that sounds like everything else you have heard , don not bother .
2			game	good	sims	great			sims is great ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! my friend got this game and could not stop playing . he made a game and i asked if he could put me in it . he said he would but when i went over he dround me in the pool , and then the grim reaper came . i finally gave in and just had to get it . even though it is rated t i think it is a good game for kids . i don not even know how it is t .
1			movie	worst			grotesque . apparently , the likes of david horowitz , elliot abrams , tobykeith , dr laura and tim lahaye got together to make a film . painfully unfunny , intellectually dishonest , hypocritical inthe extreme . this is very likely the worst movie i haveever seen , and i have seen some truly awful movies .
2			duet	great	it	great	singles	hard	compilation	essential			essential compilation . one of the best compilations to come out in the last few years . track number 25 falling in love again by johnny moore ended up being played over and over again on my stereo . great duet singing hauntingly beautiful in the same way as listening to the everly brothers harmonize . it's great to have alot of these hard or even impossible to find singles on cd . many of these tracks are not overly reliant on hooks , so they definitely need continued listening to realize just how incredible most of these songs are . but well worth the effort .
2			movie	great	character	believable	character	strong			great movie . i love wolves and i find liam neeson's character strong and believable . there was a bit of suspense about his relationship with his wife which i liked . as far as the ending , people should use their own imagination based on what happened up to the end . if you listened to what he said about the alpha , you should like the ending .
2			disappointment	great	grandson	small			useless dvd . this dvd is unplayable in the uk and should not be sold by amazon to the uk market . it was bought as a christmas gift for my small grandson , who loves thomas , and is a great disappointment .
2			guitar	great	character	good	tuner	cool	looks	great			very satisfied . i just got my takamine in the mail today , was a day beyond the estimated hey , it's an estimate complaints , it looks great and most importantly it sounds better than i expected . it was strung up and almost in tune surprisingly . the built in tuner is pretty cool , the sustain is friggin nice . definitely a great guitar for the price i say . i even have somewhat of a thumbprint pattern on the wood grain which i really like . cause it's undeniably my guitar from the looks . maybe someone would find something like that un appealing . though i think it gives some good character to it .
1			it	bad			calculating and mean spirited . the rundown of this book is , rip a well known person apart , write nonsensical drivel , and then bind the pages of illogical hog wash just to make a buck off that person's name . that's just what was done here . it's prime pathology and mean spirited . where's the objectivity ms pleasure reader wants to know ? it was in calculating books sales without a conscience . it's too bad that wasn not taken into the equation when a forest worth of trees was sacrificed . the last thing this book is , is pleasure reading .
2			product	great	it	compatible			great product . this cream is nourishing , and non greasy . love the feel on my skin . no break outs , and my skin absorbed it well . would recommend this product highly . i have very dry sensitive skin , that's been resurfaced , and it was very compatible with my skin .
1			president	good	system	weak	one	black	set	complete	guy	bad	original	black	son	old	reporting	bad			american history in perspective . i have a fairly complete set of the doonesbury books , including the first black white one bought for 50 cents on the yale campus ca . 1968 our 14 year old son has read them over and over for years and has formed his perspective of american history largely from these books he's in an austrian school . some of his earlier innocent questions were papa , who was jeb macgruder ? papa , was kissinger a bad guy ? papa , was nixon a good president ? i liked this doonesbury a lot my favorite is still the black white original , but hans favorite is probably but this war had such promise . unfortunately , what americans seemed to have learned about the arrogance and overestimation of power by 1975 was essentially forgotten over the next 25 years . weak education system and bad news reporting .
1			tool	instructional	product	poor	music	contemporary	school	elementary	it	boring	it	instructional	it	useful no			very poor product . the cover of the cd leads one to believe that the music will be at least contemporary , if not hip . it is neither . boring music that makes the teletubbies sound tough leads children through incredibly dull subtraction practice that is not based on the use of strategies , but is simply rote repetition . this cd is not engaging , nor is it very instructional . children and adults alike will be incredibly not waste your money . i am an elementary school teacher 3 d grade , and i use a lot of music in my classroom . the students will not tolerate this cd ; it is just too boring . because it does not teach use of strategies , it is not useful to me as an instructional tool . avoid this product . i am only giving it two stars instead of the one star it actually deserves , because there are even worse products out there .
2			way	great	workout	good	weather	nasty	they	pricey			ddr a great way to exercise . my husband and i walk frequently , but when the weather turns wet and cold , we can not get out as much . we thought about purchasing a walking machine , but they can be pricey , and they take up a lot of space . our daughter and son in law got one of the ddr games and a dance pad for christmas , so we tried it out . what a blast ! even people like me who have no sense of rhythm can do it . and just going through the lessons provides a good , aerobic workout . so now my husband and i can dance to our hearts content and get the exercise we need , even when the weather's nasty .
2			music	good	songs	personal	cd	great	introduction	easy			my introduction to ska . way back when , i guess in 1996 this was the first ska music i ever hea rd no , no doubt didn not countas with any compilation , you have a couple of duds in there , but over all this is a great cd and well worth the 2 or 3 dollars most people are asking for it now . swallow blood and othello are my personal favorite songs on here , but alot of people love too stupid or william shatner or stuff . the girl who gave me the cd liked when the lights go down low best , so it really depends on the person i guessanyway , i highly reccomend this to anyone who is looking for an easy introduction to the genre , or even just anyone who wants some good music
2			smile	big	experience	great	life	normal	star	hot			big smile , dancing mood , hot star , just great ! studio 54 is a place almost everyone dreams of and the fever is so contagious , it makes you wanna dance and dance and dance . everybody can relate to the simple guy that wants to escape normal life for a change and be outragious and party ! the roles are played very well by talented actors and actrices like ryan philipe and salma hayek . just sit back , relax , get into the movie and you will find yourself knodding your head and moving your feet and you will be in studio 54 and what a great experience that is !
2			remote	advanced	remote	great	display	great			great remote . this is my second advanced universal remote and it rocks . its got a great display , intuitive buttons and most importantly , the online setup works great . i programmed 10 devices in about 15 minutes and haven not had to change it yet . this is a great remote !
2			method	best	problem	major	book	fantastic	aquarium	new	information	little	step	new			disappointed with dummies . i bought this book and the new marine aquarium step by step setup & stocking guide by michael paletta in order to plan my new saltwater aquarium . the paletta book is fantastic , up to date and is everything a beginner could want . the dummies book still pushes the undergravel filter as the best method for filtration . about a dozen websites that i checked dissagree . that's my major problem with this book . having read both books over the course of two nights , i was astounded by how little information you actually get from this book . no subject is given in enough detail , even for a beginner's book . you will see my copy on ebay soon .
2			way	great	signal	good			great way to enjoy my xm at work ! i love this boom box ! i purchased it to use my roady xt at the office and believe or not , it works great . i get a good signal even in my office building , and really feel like i m getting my money's worth out of my xm subscription . i also use my radio in the car and on a home kit so between the 3 it really gets a workout . i can not guarantee that everyone will get a good signal in an office building , but it works for me .
2			ability	great	character	likeable no	katherine	main	search	sweet	naivet	annoying	i	happy	subplot	sweet	books	religious	overtones	religious	book	good			a very good book . this book is beautifully written with a heartwenching plot . the story pulls you in as katherine the oldest of four kids struggles to keep the household working . however , i could not enjoy the book as much as i would like . the main character katherine was not a very likeable character . her naivet and ignorance concerning her mother was annoying and her selfish ideas to keep all help at bay , even at the expense of her siblings made me want to shout at her . however , the fact that the author created such feelings in me is a sign of great ability . above all , the subplot with alisa and her search for narnia and aslan was sweet and i was very happy to see the religious overtones . c . s . lewis books are so religious that it would be a disgrace to the series and his memory to not have the subject brought up .
2			acting	superb	film	great	story	intriguing	costumes	gorgeous			great film ! the story is intriguing , the costumes are gorgeous and the acting is superb . i may have to read the book now .
2			books	best	book	great			this is one of the best harry potter books . this is a great book when harry gets to spend a lot of time with dumbledore during his last days . together they work out voldemort's plan's and try to kill parts of him . now we can only wait to find out what happens to harry , his friends , and his enemies in the next and last book
2			tracks	particular	stuff	great			too harsh of this music , but the bullies are out ! i enjoyed this album / cd allot . anything and everything that brings focus on the wonderful buddy holly music is only doing good in my picks with the earlier holly recordings bring the music into the 21 century . the dated sounds of the fifties recordings are not really missed here . buddy holly fanatic's need to chill and view this music as an asset and that people around the world still enjoy the music . these particular recordings / tracks were put out in germany i believe and i have zero problem with the sound . it all sounds very clean and crisp using stereo for added fun with the overdubbing adding much to the overall sound . i have listened through my dahlquist speakers or the sennheiser 650 headphones and its all great stuff . enjoy .
2			it	adjustable	help	little	lifting	heavy	it	great	walker	easy	help	extra			wonderful . this walker is light weight and easy to assemble and use . no heavy lifting required . it is also adjustable , so that no matter how short or how tall a person is , they can use it with no bending over . it is also great , for those of us that need a little extra help getting off the commode . i would also recommend it .
2			granddaughter	old	microscopes	old	cousin	great			my granddaughter loved this ! bought this for my 8 year old granddaughter . her great cousin made a slide with frozen water from the backyard and they watched it for hours . eventually they found something swimming around in it ! i would not have thought anything could hold her attention that long ! it works great , the light from bottom is way better than the mirrors and reflected light we had to rely on with old microscopes .
2			everyone	glad	thing	best	it	great	i	old	it	slow			harry potter and the chamber of secerets . i m 38 years old and never have read a book in my life i tired harry potter after hearing about it on the rosie o would onnell show i must say it is the best thing i have ever read in my life i wish i could have had this book when i was a child . i have read all 3 in the series of 8 i was trying to find out when book 4 would be realeased when i found this . i must tell you , have your kids read this one it is great ! when you frist begin it is kinda of slow but , you need this to get started , in the future it will come in help you figuer out what is going to happen in the rest of the series . i have told everyone i know to read it and everyone is glad they did this book takes you away makes your imagaine run and you can not stop . i have read all three books in 6 weeks and hope there will not be a long wait for 4 to be realeased . please read this one don not let it go by !
2			fantasy	good	feelings	mixed	deal	great	man	clear	parts	ludicrous			mixed feelings . i must admit to enjoying this book when i read it 15 or so years ago . it's a fairly good fantasy . however , like another reviewer here , i was bothered by the obvious propaganda intent of the book . also , there are parts of it that are simply ludicrous , such as the fact that some of the teachers would have been something like 130 years old possible but rather suspect , as well as some simple falsehoods about gurdjieff's activities . there is much unknown about what the man really did , but enough is clear to discount most or all of what is in this book . i have enjoyed many of shah's books through the years , but this one caused me to lose a great deal of respect for him . bennett's book witness describes the early emergence of shah on the british scene and his activities to woo students of the fourth way .
2			shoe	hot	price	low	color	great	i	impressed			great semi pro camera . beautiful results up to 11 14 great color automatically and the added bonus of white balance manipulation takes care of almost any situation found in the field . i am especially impressed with the fine leica optics and the image stabilization really comes in handy . very low price for a machine of this fine quality . i have used the camera heavily for about two months and it is holding up to the every day use very downsides that don not bother me , but may concern some people . 1 no interchangable lenses , but the 12 zoom takes care of enough situations for me . 2 no pc flash recepticle , but i use a radio control from the hot shoe , or a panasonic dedicated flash , so this is not a concern to me either .
2			product	great			too small for a 9 pound dog . i wish i would have listened to the reviews concerning how shallow this product is . i have a 9 lb pomeranian andshe is much too big to fit in this carrier . half of her body sticks out and it's obvious she is very 's not made for a dog more than 5 -7 lbs in my opinion , even though it states it is . also , the strap digs into myshoulder which makes it very uncomfortable when you are hiking a trail for a few hours . i m sure for a smaller dog , this product is great . just not impressed with the design for my puppy at all .
1			problems	technical	quality	poor	experience	worst	customer	worst			beware worst customer service . i was a packet 8 customer for 4 years . when i started to have technical problems after moving to arizona , i discovered just how bad customer service can be . i opened a problem ticket describe the poor quality of connections i was experiencing . the problem ticket was ignored for months , and i could get no response even after multiple attempts . when i finally cancelled my service with packet 8 and transferred my number to vonage , i foumd that the worst experience was with their billing department . packet 8 continued to bill my credit card for 5 months . i have as yet been unable to extract a refund . i reported the incident to the fcc and am waiting to see if they can help deal with this company . don not expect help from packet 8 if you have a problem . vonage has excellent customer service , so far .
2			products	great			replacement toothbrush heads . haave been using the sonicare products since their introduction several years ago , and this one continues the trend of great value products , while being extremely effective .
2			luck	good	jams	great	record	great	record	best			the best record of all time . this is the best record i have ever hea rd from the perfect track placement to the great jams and solos from both duane allman and clapton . all the songs are masterpieces especially the title track and the crazy jams on have you ever loved a woman ? and key to the highway . not only a great jam record , but of course an awesome overall rock / blues recording . buy anything u can get a hold of by these guys , but good luck , they weren not together so long , too bad .
2			game	great	graphics	crisp	it	great			great game . i have this game for the ps 2 and it is great . the graphics are crisp and it is just beutiful ! buy this game !
2			stitches	loose	colors	great	guys	little	it	great	they	adorable			you will love them too ! if you love pooh and the gang then you will also fall in love with the baby versions . they are so adorable and playful ! ! the colors are great for a boy or a girl and the set blends nicely with pieces from other pooh collections . as for the durability , it washed up well . no fading , shrinking , or loose stitches ! it's great and you have to love those little guys !
2			seems	realistic	book	awesome	it	great			awsome , and moving . this book was awsome . it captured the thoughts of a cutter perfectly . i m not a cutter myself , but i know people who are , and i have read things that cutters have written , and this was pretty much acurate from what i have gathered . just the way the story carries along , how she explains things it seems realistic . you feel with callie about her problems as a cutter and how she feels about things . i m not going to explain the book because thats already done , but just understand , this book is a deffinite must read . it's just great .
2			way	great	books	small	works	great	way	expensive no			great way to read jane austen . this is an inexpensive way to read some of jane austen's great works . the books are small enough to take with you wherever you go .
2			library	modern	regret	great	it	hard			top 100 english language novel of century loser . i am reading the top 100 english language novels of the 20 h century , as drawn up by the editorial board of the modern library . this book was rated at 32 sorry to say , it is very hard to read . it is with great regret that i am putting it down after 180 of about 500 pages . i am not enjoying the story at all . it is pompous and ponderous . i have to read some paragraphs several times , and still cannot grasp the meaning . don not waste your time .
2			book	perfect	book	great			great book ! this book is perfect for people of any ages to read . though mainly for kids . i would reccomend this book to people who like mysterys and to people who like the boxcar chidren series .
2			thing	great	tidbits	cultural	tidbits	historical	touch	nice			very easy to use . i wanted a guide to help me identify all the flora on my property after moving here from the midwe st but i have found it to be a great thing to have along while hiking , too . the historical and cultural tidbits are a very nice touch .
2			i	glad	experience	live	it	good	thing	real	it	true	releases	previous	listen	great			close to the real thing . though this is nothing like going to body and soul in nyc it is the closest to any of the previous releases to date . over all this is a fun mix but nothing like the live experience . in any event don not let this stop you from the purchase of this cd , its still a great listen . shame the sunday teas had to stop , it was too good to be true and i m glad i got to spend many sundays in ahead buy this , you will thank me in the remember , be kind to animals , don not eat them ! peace yaw !
2			story	like	story	great	i	happy	life	real	movie	good			excellent movie . this is a very well made movie which follows the book as written by frederick forsyth in most ways . the book is much more moving and emotional , since forsyth can use many words to describe a scene which , on film , has to be portrayed only with a facial expression . even so , jon voight does an excellent job with his role and gives a performance that exactly captures peter miller's obsessive , doggedly determined , even when facing death , quest for answers . whether or not you have read the book , you really need to watch this movie and see for yourself what a great espionage story is like when done without tons of gadgets , super human ie impossible in real life stunts and computer effects . this movie was done when all that actors and directors had to work with was their own ability at delivering a good movie . the whole cast , but especially voight , do a superb job . i m very happy to have this movie in my collection , to accompany the book in my bookcase .
2			bit	little	it	worth	graphics	awesome	games	good			its cool . its amazing , i got mines the first day it came out . i waited out side the mall for 2 hours freezing my @$$ off . but it was worth the wait . the graphics are awsome , a little bit of good games and an excellent multimedia . wait a second i just read this reveiw that this kid was watching family guy on his psp . yourew telling me that family guy is out on umd already ? why am i still typing i should be out buying this umd !
2			ellen	great	move	next			ellen is a power fusion goddess ! i am a clumsy person and never liked workout videos until i found ellen's bikini ready fast , but this video may even be better ! great energizing and lengthening moves that are challenging while still being very elegant , with seamless transitions to the next move . great job ellen !
2			tune	great	cd	great			widespread panic review . product came to me in one week and was in perfect condition . this is a great widespread panic cd and virtually every tune is great .
2			it	easy	it	great			if it only worked . it arrived well packed , it was very easy to install , i try several times to arm and disarm it and it was great . very i mean very loud when it goes only problem is that after one week , one day in the morning , when i try to disarm it was dead . i try to replace the batteries but nothing . it never worked againthe windows alarms unit work fine so far . not as loud as the key padded unit but they do what they suppose to do .
2			show	great	episodes	awesome	series	old			great show . these episodes are awesome . they make the old justice league series from a few years ago look stale and childish . this appeals to adults and adolescents alike . well done .
2			eggs	bad	horror	great	series	great			great horror , drama and humor . 22 school hard 7.0 1021 what's my line part 1 7.0 1020 some assembly required 7.1 1019 lie to me 7.7 1018 bad eggs 8.0 1017 the dark age 8.6 1016 inca mummy girl 9.0 1015 reptile boy 9.1 1014 halloween 9.8 1013 what's my line part 2 10 1012 surpsrise 10 1011 ted 10 1010 phases 10 1009 go fish 10 1008 when she was bad 10 1007 killed by death 10 1006 i only have eyes for you 10 1005 bewitched , bothered and bewildered 10 1004 passion 11 1003 innocence 13 1002 becoming part 1 15 1001 becoming part 2 16 104 episodes obove the 10 his is just an mazing season , with a lot of horror with monsters and creatures . a lot of humor that just makes you cry of laughingand a lot of drama that's just is what makes buffy such a great series , this is hightley recommended
2			album	best	beats	hot	communication	classic	album	entire	lyrics	great			instant classic . this is the beasties 3 d best album , behind the classic ill communication and paul's boutique . but their 3 d best album is still better than most of the garbage out right now . hot beats , great lyrics . i saw some right wing guy complain about the leftist lyrics , well the beasties have always been left of center and it was expected that they would take some shots at bush and his cronies . i applaud them , i wish more artist would stand up to those thugs . but dont expect the entire album to be some liberals paradise , the anti bush lyrics are litmited to a few lines . most of the lyrics are funny and creative . play this when your friends come over and be prepared to have a real good time .
1			everybody	interested	it	fun	life	entire	toy	worst	boys	old			the worst toy ever made ! i have never seen a toy so poorly constructed in my entire life and would like to warn everybody interested in it against buying it . within 5 minutes of puting it together it was falling apart . all you have to do is move it an inch or two and it just collapses . how is this suppose to stand up to toddlers playing with it ? i have twin 2 year old boys who lean on it drag it around and fight over it . it's no fun at all having to put it back together ever 10 seconds and that is not a exaggeration ! definitely not worth $ 1 let alone $ 30 or more ! !
1			confusion	big	book	poor			the book is terribly poor . i agree with the guy that rated this book only one star . if i had the opportunity i would have given less than one star . there is nothing in this book that has not already been covered in other books of econometrics . you want time series ? buy hamilton . you want panel ? buy baltagi . you want statistics ? buy mood . i only got a big confusion going back and forth between you need a list of references on each topic , ask your econometrics instructor and save the money of this book .
2			genres	musical	artists	greatest	artists	unknown	cd	great			sexy ! this is a great sultry relaxing cd . the songs are full of emotion and cross quite a few musical genres . elu is one of the greatest unknown artists out there right now . i hope more people find out about him . i highly recommend this cd !
2			students	modern	help	great			excellent text for all modern day students worldwide . jedick's book hippies is a very well written text which would appeal to students across the globe . his vivid description of student life in the 60 s , and the tragedy of may 4 h , helps modern day students empathise with the relaxed atmosphere of the 60 s , and the hurendous events at kent state university , 1970 kent state , and the events of may 4 h , are increasingly becomming under scrutiny by the younger generations of today . as a university student from england i found this text to be a wonderful help in placing the tragedy into perspective of the 60 s and the student life at kent . in my opinion this is a great help for anyone who wishes to understand may 4 h but is not a native of the country , or even the university .
1			shop	local	pickup	bad	mine	defective	experience	bad	distortion	terrible	jolla	active			bad experience . bought the la jolla active , and took it to the local music shop to have an expert install it . when i got it back , the sound hole pickup sounded ok but the saddle pickup was horrible ; terrible distortion . wrote to dean markely about it , they ignored my email . took it back to the shop and after fooling around with it for a while , the luthier concluded the saddle pickup was probably bad . lousy customer support and unsatisfying experience . i still don not know how it is supposed to sound , or if mine was defective .
2			seems	durable	fabric	soft	it	great	piece	nice	girl	little	fabric	pretty			pretty and functional . bought this in the pink polka dot for my little girl's room to store some of the bigger toys . it's great for the price . my only complaint is that it isn not lined on the inside . other than that , it is a nice piece . very roomy inside , fabric is soft and pretty , and seems pretty durable . we will be using this piece for many years !
1			it	boring	book	bad			dump days . this book was very bad all it was boring . it was like hey i found a mole wow lets start a zoo . it was not jerry spinelli's better book .
2			ja	great	beats	great	song	great	lyrics	incredible	voice	great	songs	best			amazing . ja rule is an amazing rapper . he is a better rapper than dmx . he has great beats and incredible lyrics . suicide freestyle is one of the best rap songs i have ever heard in my life . i would love for it to be longer . almost every song is great . all are good . we here now , holla holla , suicide freestyle , story to tell , and race against time are all amazing songs . he has tight beats , which is surprising , because swizz hasn not consistently made great beats since dmx's first album . not only are ja's lyrics great , but he has such a great rap voice , and can rap extremely fast and still be smooth and understandable . buy this c . d . after a few listens , you will love it .
2			it	great			awesome book , awesome series ! i absolutely love this series . i read the books years ago , i have not actually read the book on the kindle but i know it will be great !
2			dumbells	heavy	warmup	great	kind	best	they	fun			lives up to it's name . i love this workout . lots of cardio , not too complicated . you do need light and heavy dumbells but no step . a lot of the moves are newer for the firm and they are fun but challenging , really working stabilizing muscles and relying on balance . it's 45 minutes with a great warmup and cool down . i do wish there was an abdominal section at the end . some of the exercises claim they are working your abs but i didn not feel it at all . maybe that is the best kind of exercise ?
2			song	incredible	ones	good	rivers	great	songs	best			amazing album . i absolutely love this album . each song is incredible . sure it's no blue album , but i don not know why everyone wants it to be exactly like the blue album . what the fun in that ? i think even the people who are not sure weather or not they will like it will love it . i think the best songs on the album are this is such a pity and haunt you every day . both of those songs are just amazing . the other really good ones to look out for are perfect situation , hold me and peace . those are wonderfully written . great job rivers ! so i highly recommend this album to everyone . you will love it .
2			while	perfect	choice	great	pmx	expensive	headphones	good	set	comfortable			fantastic for non noisy environments . i have these and the more expensive pmx 200 . these are way more comfortable and sound great as well the pmx 200 edge them in terms of performance , but at a comfort and monetary cost . very good headphones for the price . i use these while working my desk job , which is perfect for me as they do allow quite a bit of ambient sound . if you are planning to use these in a noisier environment , i would look elsewhere . but , if you are looking for a comfortable set of behind the head headphones for a rather quiet environment , these are a great choice .
2			they	great	it	good	they	good			doesn not matter what you call it it's all good . i have heard kane , welch , kaplin called folk , americana , country . it all depends on who's doing the talking . but the one thing that all those folks agree on is that they are really good . i have all three of their discs and think they are great . if i had to rate them i would say lost john dean , kane / welch / kaplin , then you can not save everybody but you just can not lose . while similar , they each have their own feel , and work as a set better than as part of a compilation please don not buy these guys by the song . if you like this but lean a little more toward country / bluegrass , i would also strongly recommend dave carter / tracy grammer .
1			piece	worst	version	new			worst piece of hardware i ever got . software provided in cd doesnt work with vista , not sure why its being sold when it is not supported on new version of windows . i can not download gb's of s / w from internet . i hate to return an item , feel like throwing it but will return as my hard earned money is spent on this .
2			pad	great			perfect for the price ! i use this for back pain , shoulder pain , and cramps . works awesome ! for the price , this is a great heating pad .
1			bottles	cute	purpose	good	sound	disturbing	bottles	bad	they	easy			bad bottles . personally i thought these bottles were very cute and they also had a good purpose of keeping air out of baby's tummy . well they didn not work for my son . he had the worst time with gas and spitting up when i used these . i had been using the avent bottles but the sound of the air entering into the bottle was just disturbing ! my baby choked on these nipples and they would collapse leaving me with a screaming child . i now use the dr browns wide neck bottles and would highly recommend them to anybody . for one thing they don not leak like these do ! the only reason i gave these bottles two stars is because they are so easy to clean and they have the cutest shape to them .
1			i	disappointed	it	wonderful	set	original	hand	heavy	hand	nice	sizes	different	set	defective	control	poor			defective set . i have a set of oneida mooncrest for four , and i ordered this set to have more place settings . my original set was made in indonesia in may 2010 and it is wonderful . it has a nice heavy hand . it is elegant enough to be used for a fancy dinner , yet plain enough to be used for every day . the set i ordered from was made in china in february 2009 some pieces have pocks in the metal . some pieces of the same type ie . salad forks , dinner spoons are different sizes , thicknesses , and shapes . i didn not even unpack all the pieces because i was so disappointed . i think it is because of poor quality control in the manufacturing location . the location and date of manufacture is stamped on the back of the pieces . the packaging says the pieces were manufactured in china , korea , indonesia , vietnam and / or usa . i think i will be returning the set i got through
2			album	commercial	version	live	vibe	awesome	states	united			the the united states funk mob at its finest . every funkateer should own this album . this is perhaps funkadelic's most commercial album . much of their earlier material appeared almost experimental in nature , but clinton and company hit their stride with this one . particularly notable is the live version of maggot brain . well , maybe i m a little biased because i was in the monroe louisiana civic center on april 15 1978 the vibe in the arena was awesome that night , and it comes through on the track . quite simply , if you love r&b , this is a must have for your collection .
1			endings	bad	fan	big	none	worth			why bother ? while i am a big fan of his , this is probably grisham's most unsatisfying book since the client . none of the characters involved were worth caring about , and apparently grisham has picked up on michael crichton's habit of bad endings .
1			them	dry	knives	affordable	they	sturdy	spots	little	rust	bad			sturdy . but rusty . these knives were very affordable and i decided to purchase them as a starter knife set . they are sturdy and cut well . but they rust almost immediately . i hand wash them and then let them air dry . within the 2 d wash some of the even the first ! they has little spots of rust on them . i also wish there were more blades that weren not serrated , but i didn not realize that at the time of purchase . overall , i think you get what you pay for , they are pretty cheap knives . they cut well , but they rust quickly . is rust bad for humans ?
2			show	great			love this show . great show even if your not into fantasy ball . i am though so it is that much funnier . even the wife like it
2			person	average	savant	musical	person	curious	book	great			fantastic ! this book is great for anyone from the broadway musical savant to the average curious person to the theatre student .
1			movie	romantic no	movie	great no			master of the rare laserdiscs movies . i have lambada 1990 on laserdisc , not is a great music / romantic movie therefore i bought the dvd too p
2			movements	religious	work	great			did the author visit tacf ? i bought the book after i attended the catch the fire conference in toronto in october 1998 i approach religious movements with much skepticism . as i read the book i wondered if the author ever actually visited tacf . what i saw and experienced at tacf and what i read in the book were far apart . the proof of any experience is in the fruits of the experience . the charismatic stream of christianity like any movement or church has its frauds . however , god is doing a great work in the lives of over a half a billion charismatic christians in the world . as a clergyman in an oldline denomination i see more counterfeit christianity present in it than in the charismatic stream . tacf is a genuine move of god .
2			story	great	crap	typical	piece	great			great piece of anime . this is a great story and well produced anime series . not your typical crap that comes from the east pitched at prepubescent teen kids .
2			resaurants	awesome	stack	small	restaurants	awesome	book	best	deal	great	attractions	big			best guide to paris . before going to france for the first time i read a stack of books and took a small stack of books with me to france . when in paris the rick steves paris book was by far the best of the bunch . i particularly liked the guide to the louvre , i saw the big attractions without a week tour of the museum . the hotels that are listed are the types of hotels that make you feel as if your in france , a great deal more charm than a chain hotel . the restaurants listed are awesome ! in fact the resaurants that i went to that were not in the book were awesome !
2			read	great	i	happy			read back in the day . i read this book many years ago and i am happy to be able to find the series out here on amazon . for me this book as well as others that came after gave me a straight woman perspective on gay men , relationships the stigma then of being gay or bi and why they would stay in the closet . fiction based on fact it opened my eyes and helped me understand that lifestyle choice and again why so many men then and now are on the dl . i thought it was a great read and would recommend it to anyone .
2			songs	great	it	cheap	production	good			good mid -90 s alt . rock . the production on this album is good . the guys were all session players . sometimes the problem with studio players getting together is that they are so focused on precision playing that they forget about song writing and it becomes an album that only other musicians can of that is the case here . there are some great songs . i had my hands on this disc in college as a radio dj , and i remembered a couple of really good was worth it to me to get it just for that . plus , it's pretty cheap now . witness my death and i will are especially reviews for read or {read} , as it's spelled are mostly good also . if you are a fan already , this is definitely worth the couple of bucks it will cost you to get .
2			soul	powerful	man	greatest	life	great	life	spiritual	strife	spiritual	character	major no	action	main			ramtha is not a major character ! rama is the embodiment of the knight , the first chivalry . he was at first an ascetic , banished by his father , but his main action was in life . the life of rama suggests that , spiritual strife apart , the struggle in the world is the first thing to face ; and if one keeps to one's own ideal through every test and trial in life , one will no doubt arrive at a stage when he will be victorious . it does not matter how small be the struggle , but victory won in the end of every struggle is the power that leads man farther on the path towards life's goal . the life of man , however great and spiritual , has its limitations . before conditions of life the greatest man on earth , the most powerful soul , will for a moment seem helpless . this video doesn not have enough rama !
2			mgm	ashamed	information	additional	film	great			zulu on dvd . first off let me say that i absolutely love zulu however i was greatly disappointed with the latest dvd version . first of all there was no insert with the case . would it have killed mgm to provide some additional background information on the film ? second , and most importantly , the sound quality is dvd is presented in mono and the whole thing sounds as if you are trying to listen to it underwater . a truly shabby treatment of a great film . mgm should be ashamed . personally i suggest sticking to the vhs version until a better dvd becomes one was a waste of time and money .
2			filters	great	they	different			mighty mini targard . mini filters are great . after a day or so you can feel the difference they make in what you are consuming from the cigarettes . after using the mini i purchased the original to see if they were any different . yes , one filter last me for approximately a full pack of cigarettes . i like the discrete size of the mini so i will use mini in public and the original at home . i like smoking but had some concern with all the hype but now i smoke in confidence knowing that i am at least not getting all the tar . i recommend that all smokers use these filters . thanks targard
2			songs	great	group	best	cd	great	group	great			the best ! ! the best group and a great cd , every song on this cd is great . i wish someone would do a dvd of all of their great songs and a sort ofbio and interviews with them .
1			will	good	affleck	worst	looks	stupid			worst ben affleck's movie ever ! he looks stupid in this movie . i can not believe he's the same guy in good will hunting and chasing amy . if you are his fan , don not support this 's a flaw in his career .
1			footage	extra	price	low	video	high	quality	bad	collection	greatest			is this a joke . do not be fooled ! this video hits collection has really no extra footage of anything that no blondie fan has not already seen ! the picture quality is no better ! you are better off buying blondie's greatest video hits collection than anything else ! i even thought the sound quality to heart of glass was actually bad compared to that of the greatest video hits collection . the only thing that i really liked about this video collection was the way they re did the tide is high video . other than that , don not waste your money even at the very low price ! i would recommend to any blondie fan to buy or stick with their greatest video hits collection .
2			movies	amazing	disappointment	huge	steps	next	movies	great			alien 3 ends a run of two great movies . alien 3 is a huge disappointment . while this movie was in its pre production and production phases it was obvious that it was going to be a disaster there was no direction or vision of the logical next steps in the alien franchise . the first two movies were amazing both unique and entertaining in their own way . alien 3 begins with ruining everything ripley fought for in aliens by immediately killing off the survivors and then transitions into a bleak and dull storyline that trashes the franchise . i always envisioned subsequent alien movies to delve into the mystery of the derelict ship on lv -426 and create a situation where earth had to be defended from infestation from the aliens . i would not recommend this movie to anyone , and basically ignore that it was ever made . in my mind ripley , hicks , newt , and bishop returned to earth and the story stopped or moved on from there .
2			books	great			crossroads of twilight . if you had more money than what you need , or less than there is enough and is contemplating buying this book . i would strongly suggest to donate your hard earned money the whole wot series is a journey of a thousand miles , this basically puts you about 3 steps away from book 9 i am into character building . but really . to this detail ? the first 5 books was great , the next 4 was tolerable . but book 10 .
2			deal	great	player	best no			horrible and cheap . it seemed like a great deal to get a dvd player for under $ 40 but what you get is what you pay for . on multiple occasions i have put a dvd into the player and gotten the no disc response . this would not be the best player for mo st
1			god	generous	god	great no			do not waste your money . the worst ! washington and hawke exchange badly scripted rants in performances no better than those found in really wretched community theatre . fuqua's uninspired directing turns this movie into a typical made for ghetto blaster . the corrupt cop genre has been done better many times before . as for oscar , god in not great , in this case , god is overly generous .
1			everything	horrible	game	bad			awsome graphics ! ! but thats about it . its a shame that a game with that much graphics is sooo bad . it is almost impossible to kill the zombies , the control style is the worste it could be , you can barely see the game unless you mess up your tv's brightness . in a nutshell the game has awsome graphics and cinimatics but everything else about the game is horrible .
2			it	great			educational and fun . although you can see this on pbs , it's great to have super why viewing at our convenience . alpha pig is the be st
1			irritating	atrocious	irritating	original no	irritating	weak	collins	bad			no talent required . shrill collins is phony , talentless , boring , vapid , chiched , weak , tuneless , unoriginal , atrocious , fake , irritating and just plain bad . review over . thank you .
2			album	great	band	popular			tragically hip rock again . it doesn not beat out up to here but this is a great album by a group that for some reason hasn not broken through on the charts . in canada they are the most popular band around . i suggest this for anyone who likes ; pearl jam , r . e . m . collective soul , and dmb .
2			instant	critical	effect	terrible	story	good	number	huge	start	great			is there a sequel ? great start ; good story ; but no resolution of the terrible effect of that critical instant that affected a huge number of people probably around the world . is king just setting us up for the sequel ?
2			ending	great	carpenter	physical			recommended for those who like a thriller with heart . loneliness is possibly more debilitating than many physical carpenter is lonely . more , he is broken . his wife and his daughtersdied in a tragic and unexplained plane crash . he pain was so all encompassing , all he could do was to try to draw away from it . that never really works , as lonlinessand pain can find you anywhere . they are day while visiting the graves of his family , he met a lovely womanwho was taking photographs of the grave site . he had never seen her before , but was impressed by her presence , as well as her strange beauty . thischance meeting would change his life . the appearance of this womanin the lives of the families of others who died that day would affect them aswell . is a story that has more than one hero , and more than one villain . it is fast pacedand it has a great ending , which sells a book for me any time .
2			version	good	serenade	great	version	best			dvorak's best symphony . 5 stars this is by far the best version of the symphony . i have heard other versions but they did not sound serenade here is great sounding version other version did not sound that good
2			resource	great	read	next	it	hard			i bought a business book and a novel broke out . for the person that prefers novels to business books this is probably a great resource for learning . as an avid reader of business books , it was hard for me to get through . after listening to , i couldn not read it , i went back to skim read it and try to understand the details to the theory of constraints . i guess that's my next read because based upon the raves , there is something i m missing in the way the story is told .
1			stars	stars no	job	poor			don not buy this book . this book deserves zero stars ? this book is full of errors . if you email rea , they will send you a multi page corrections poor job !
2			movie	best	plot	cute	it	great	reason	particular			greatest of all time ! this was the best movie ever made in the history of movimaking ! i think for jack black it wasn not n too groos or it didn not have too much crude humor as jack black would normally have . the plot was really cute and it was so great . if i were rating this movie i would give it 3 ecause well , i don not have a particular reason for taking a half a star away it just wasn not a four star movie . that's all !
2			label	major	band	great			dated , but still good . well , copper was never courted by a major label . they just imploded . great band though . second generation emo at its be st think velocity girl meets the cranberries meets seam .
2			movie	best	movie	great	i	disappointed	sound	theatrical	disappointment	big	ryan	private			5 star movie .2 star dvd . everyone knows the story of all time best movie depicting the vietnam war . however , i was very disappointed with the dvd especially the sound . very few a couple drops of rain and radio transmissions portions of the film actually were in surround sound . a big disappointment for me . so if it's theatrical sound you are looking for in a war movie , get saving private ryan , but if you are looking for a great movie depicting the vietnam war , look no furhter .
2			flatware	great	heft	great	design	usual no			great flatware . wonderful quality flatware ! we got this for our wedding years ago and i wanted some more place settings for the upcoming holiday season . they have a great heft to them and everyone compliments their unusual design . get the hostess set too !
2			sort	popular no	actor	great	one	powerful	film	different			different ! the reason i say that this film is different , is because this sort of film topic was not popular in the 1950 s ! i always wanted to see this and one day i got the chance . i heard that james dean had been a great actor , but i didn not believe it . i do now ! not just a different film but a powerful one at that ! a well directed film . but an overall well acted film as well ! grade a
2			music	great	riffs	fantastic	rock	fantastic	jazz	big			search and you will find great music . i have a cd compilation that has one cut from paris all star blues which i loved . did an amazon search and came upon the jay mcshann kansas city band . based on just the one cut i purchased this 2 cd and was blown away . if you lilke big band blues , swing , jazz or what ever you want to call it , this is for you . the vocals rock and the ocassional baritone riffs are fantastic .
2			light	difficult	lighting	low	mount	small	hand	extra	photos	fantastic	support	stable	tripod	regular			favorite gift . photography in difficult light has become so much easier with this extra hand . i have used it from anchorage to istanbul squeezing it onto patio chairs , car tops and tree limbs for perfectly stable support . with carry on space at a premium i love the fact that it is smaller and more versatile than my larger tripods while still giving my camera the stability low lighting shots require . i just returned from james bay , victoria , bc , where i took fantastic evening photos from a cramped perch where no regular sized tripod would have fit . what began as a travel accessory has become my tripod of choice . the attachment mount is small enough that my camera case easily accommodates it . the gorillapod remains at the top of my all time favorite christmas gifts li st
2			songs	bad no			un cd totalement nul ; une honte pour la france . un cd totalement impossible endurer . seules 2 chansons sur 24 sont supportables le duo avec aznavour et celui avec aubert . bruel , en faisant ce cd , nous prouve qu il n a jamais su chanter ; et surtout , qu il fait honte la france en chantant de tels classiques . un album viter tout prix ; si vous dsirez vous dtruire les tympans , achetez le . an unbearable cd , though 2 songs out of 24 are not bad the duet with aznavour and the one with aubert . by doing this cd , bruel proves that he has never been able to sing ; and most of all that he is an embarrassment to france when singing such classics . an album to be avoided at all costs ; buy at your own risk , if you wish to bust your ears .
2			base	basic	tips	useful	it	great	adjustments	basic	techniques	basic	information	useful			excelent for the entry level photographer . this book is a quick read , but is all useful information without a lot of rhetoric . it's great if you are just starting out in photography and want to learn the basic adjustments that you can make or want to learn some basic techniques for taking decent shots . when i got this book , i had a very basic knowledge base of photography , but found plenty of useful tips to speed up my learning curve .
2			movie	great	respect	great	disappointment	major	quality	horrible			order who the hell's in it and who the devil made it instead . i have great respect for peter boganovich as a director and especially as a film historian . but in comparision to his other writings such as who the hell's in it and who the devil made it , this book is a major disappointment . the reviews of the films have no substance . the pictures for the films were all placed on the pages that did not match the reviews . the photo quality was just horrible . i would recommend roger ebert's great movie and great movie ii instead for a quality review and history of the fil ms
1			acting	bad	film	bad	movie	horrible	screenplay	bad			made me want to scream . horrible movie . bad screenplay . bad acting . bad film making . the genre has its share of dogs and this is among them .
2			missions	good	game	little	bargain	fantastic			fantastic bargain . very solid little tank game . good missions and fun minigames , plus tons of weapon and device powerups to bolt on to your tank , and some odd little rpgish elements . well worth the paltry money .
2			product	great	seem	durable	zap	nasty	curve	short	size	different			these are great for holding light plastic cups . these are fantastic for holding light plastic cups , or other stuff that is often toppled in a dishwasher . they seem durable , my family has been using them for 6 months and they haven not broken . just be careful about stretching when hands are wet , if you accidentally release a side , a nasty rubber band zap is likely to is a great product for making certain light plastic items won not topple while in a dishwasher . there is a very short learning curve about how many things of different size can be held at one time .
2			cakes	best	tastes	great			light cake tastes great . those cakes are really the best , they taste light , and best storing in the fridge . the filling is not to sweet like when you buy cakes here in the grocery store .
2			it	pricey	it	fantastic	version	french	it	worth	version	available			a wonderful presentation ! i had looked for this item on mp 3 downloads but the french version is the only one available so i looked for a cd which had both the french and english versions having heard the english while in london . it was fantastic ! the cd has six tracks with variations on the above two selections . while it is a bit pricey it was worth the price paid . i highly recommend it for those who enjoy her music !
2			book	nice	books	great			a nice book but not worth buying it if you already have disney's storybook collection . i was looking for disney's books for my daughter and bought both storybook collection and animals stories as well . these books are almost the same , emphasis is put more on animals from disney in the animals series but books are about the same . i will soon return the animals stories . otherwise these are great books for my daughter .
1			berries	worst	berries	enjoyable	berries	tasty	tasted	ok	part	good	berries	good			navitas worst goji berries i have ever had . goji berries can be very tasty and enjoyable , however this is not how i would describe navitas goji berries . i bought a bag once , from amazon , and found the berries to be nearly rock hard and absolutely dry . the only good part about it was that they sorta tasted ok after chewing on them a you want really , really good goji berries get heaven mountain cost twice as much as these , but these aren not really worth anything , in my opinion . these are the best and well worth the price bija heaven mountain goji berries 8 ouncesdo it right or don not do it !
2			pillow	regular	product	good	product	great			good product . i purchased this pillow for my husband . he sleeps with a regular pillow between his knees . i thought he would really take to this for the comfort , but i think he slept with it only once . it lays by his side of the bed and i m thinking of selling it . the product is great . it's everything it claims to be ; unfortunately , my husband didn not seem to care for it .
1			i	upset	everything	horrible	movie	worst			the worst movie i have ever seen . this movie looks like something a highschool kid made out of his home . don not waste your money ! i was upset that i even spent the money to rent this ! the acting , plot , dialogue . everything is horrible about this movie ! i would have given it less stars if it was possible ! !
2			books	great	it	horrible	reviews	good	author	good	people	horrible	author	particular	work	previous	thing	little	it	funny	title	funny	cover	funny			what happened . what happened ? ? george's first two books were great , non stop there's this ! i couldn not read on after 20 pages ! i didn not find it offensive , trust me , i just didn not find it funny at all ! most of it just doesn not make any sense . i think the funniest part of the book is the title and the book cover , which are quite funny . so how do i explain all of the good reviews here ? well , there's a little thing called the placebo effect when it comes to people who are fans of music , literature or any other type of art form . if one already likes a particular artist / musician / author from the their previous work which is genuinely good , then they expect / fell the need to like all future works by the arti st it would be sort of like a betrayal any other way . but please people , don not fall victim to the placebo effect with this book , it really is genuinely horrible . sorry george , better luck nex time .
1			hooks	boring	beats	boring	beats	annoying	hooks	annoying	pop	flat	bag	big	matter	repetitive	flat	old	albums	worst			got rich and will die wack . i have been listening to 50 every since he was making music with jam master jay . all of his underground stuff and the first solo album are dope . the third solo effort by 50 cent is one of the worst albums i have ever hea rd the lyrics and subject matter are extremely repetitive as you listen to the album . all he raps about are ferarris , how much money he has , fantasy gangsta rhymes , and more money . listening to this album made me feel like i ate a really big bag of stale potatoe chips and washed it down with a 2 liter of old , flat pop . along with the repetitive lyrics , the beats and hooks are very boring / annoying . while kanye's album is no masterpiece , albums like this one make it sound a hell of a lot better than it really is . avoid buying this frisbee at all costs .
1			biographies	bad	biography	ok	it	nice			carl sagan good , a&e bad . it was nice to see a biography on carl sagan . we asked a&e to replay it but they would not so we had to buy it . the biography was ok . we only bought it because it has carl sagan in it . i would never buy anything with a&e on on it as they are so arrogant . it is too bad a&e will show things right after death or more sensational biographies .
2			introduction	rich	i	impressed	hemispheres	unknown	age	new	place	great	artists	various			not hrone of drones various artists asphodel records 4 1 2 stars . first time i heard about this release , a friend of mine more or less had to remind me that i was a fan of at least some drone , which is rhband and flying saucer attack . until then , i assumed those two artists were tagged as noisy space rock . had no idea as to what would rone actually , i do now . i was quite impressed with not hrone of drones , where you get an introduction like cut of such artists as robert rich , steve roach , jeff greinke , rhythm and noise , plus nine others . these tracks are able to transport your mind on a galactic trip to unknown hemispheres . a great place where ambient , new age and drone collide on extremely friendly ter ms a should have .
2			wind	hot	sand	hot	one	great	thing	nice	book	good			thanks for a good book . i just got transferred stateside after doing a tour in iraq . while i was there my buddies and i got a bunch of books sent to us from a library in chester county , pa , where i grew up . the library was collecting books for servicemen and then shipping to us , which is a really nice thing . it made home seem a lot first book i received was ghost road blues by jonathan maberry . i love horror stories and this one was pretty great . i read it twice when i first got it at the end of june ; and then again on the plane home . the story is set in pennsylvania and it was so real that i could close my eyes and be a long , long way from hot wind , hot desert sand , and everything that's going on here . i want to thank the chester county libraries , and mr maberry , for giving me a taste of home .
1			it	hate	album	big	album	bad	album	worst	album	recent			i hated it ! this is their worst album yet . it lacks the swing n sound their last album had . it is to slow , it needs to be uptimpo and smooth like the recent big bad voodoo daddys album . i belive it is a waste of money and i don not recomend buying it .
1			wars	worst	trilogy	good	thing	good	trilogy	old	one	new			the worst star wars ever ! ! ! well to open this review i have to say that no matter how good the action was it still didn not save this movie . this film continues the battle beetween the jedi and the sith . the movie also covers the origins of the clone army and such , including anikans turn to the dark side . now to tell you the dialouge in this film is sooo bad you can hardly bear to listen to it ! further more i cannot understand how george lucas managed to make the old trilogy so good and stunk up this new one ? this movie is rated pg for suatained sequinces of sci fi action violence . and it deserved the rating . though they could have made it pg -13 the good thing about it though is there is no languge and only some brief kissing beetween anikan and padma . overall score the worst star wars ever ! ! ! ! !
2			i	pleased	service	great			great customer service . they went out of their way to fill the order by upgrading my purchase ! i am very pleased with the customer service that i received .
2			book	great			a great book . this is a great book but i recommend reading the rest of the foundation series first as even though this takes place before it , it was written after and was meant to be read after you read the other books .
2			book	big	work	great	reading	difficult	editors	big	it	difficult	learning	simple no	book	great			great book . it was really a difficult reading for me , it's a big book and it's difficult because there's no other way to keep track of what is really going on in the world around this was also the reason why i kept reading this book . learning is not simple and to learn it quite a struggle and a necessity to undertake it seriously , in the case you want to live with your eyes open . there's so much out there , written in books and painted in the media , that presents just half of the picture , half truths , half lies . and few ones are able to report it all clearly , sometimes because they simply don not know , sometimes because their works will never be published by big editors . thanks for this great work , with so many informations and references , written freely and without bias of sort .
2			watch	great	itself	great			the best . awesome watches ! i have several g shocks and they la st i have this watch in black as well and i wear it for work electrician and trust me it takes a beating . band can be replaced and thats the only thing that would need replacing . the watch itself is great . worth every dollar ! much love amazon !
1			movie	bad	movie	good	fraction	small	acting	bad			i haven not seen a movie this bad since manos the hands of fate . everyone that rated this movie a 5 owes me a few pennies and a small fraction of my life back . i like a good b rate movie now and then , but this title offered only faintest bit of humor to keep me watching . the acting was beyond bad , even for a b rate title . just a bad , bad movie .
2			review	previous	quality	great	i	impressed	i	happy	looks	expensive	vanity	nice			very nice vanity . after reading a previous review about the great quality of this item , i bought one . this vanity exceeded my expectations for quality . i was very impressed with how well it was packaged and how easy it was to assemble . it looks much more expensive than the price i paid for it . i am very happy with this purchase .
2			combo	great	it	educational	deal	great	it	entertaining			great deal ! great combo ! all 4 are kid friendly movies . i use osmosis jones in my science classes to talk about the body systems and disease . it is entertaining and also very educational .
2			prices	great	condition	good	it	easy	at	new			new at . i going back to school after so many years and this was my first purchase on normally i would go to the bookstore on campus , but i was told i could find the book cheaper from a friend if i went on i found the book so quickly and the prices was great . i had many choices to choose from that really impress me . it was easy to order and i receive the book in about 7 days . the condition of the book was good . i will check with for now on and recommend to other friends and family . b . gaffneybronx , n . y .
2			masters	great	essays	short	ones	contemporary	reading	nice			nice reading . short essays , most of them published in time magazine . hughes keen and witty look at several artists from great masters to contemporary ones . we don not have to agree with everything he says , but he's always objective , concise and inteligent .
1			elements	ridiculous	ending	bad	suspense	good	performances	good			good suspense , a travesty for an ending . i must explain the 2 stars . the acting waned considerably . yet , i focused on the good performances and interesting story aspects . the story itself is the meat of the film . there are some very ridiculous plot elements , with some interesting ideas and suspense . but , this is important i must warn you the ending is so bad that i felt like the rest of the movie's story betrayed me . if the ending were better i would have given the movie 3 1 2 or maybe 4 stars . that's how bad the ending was . some can argue that that was the ending used in the book . i don not care . if that was the ending in the book it should have never made it onto film , or the ending should have been changed .
2			it	easy	blender	fantastic			fantastic blender . like many reviews on here , i did exhaustive research on the blendtec and vitamix . i chose the blendtec due to the larger horsepower and the ease of use . if you load the blender right , you just hit smoothie , walk away , come back and you have a perfectly blended drink everytime . another plus is that it's very easy to clean compared to other blenders including vitamix . i m sure the vitamix is a boss machine too , but this blendtec is the boss hoss .
2			compliment	greatest	award	annual	ads	great	luck	little	ad	great	book	great	book	good			a great book to snuggle up with . unless you happen to be a fan of snuggles , the fabric softening which case i wish you would reconsider a career in advertising there's enough evil in the world without more snuggles out there pushing packaged goods . the greatest compliment i can give the book is that i couldn not wait to put it down and pick up a pencil . anyone who's ever thumbed through an award annual knows sullivan can write a great ad . now he shows he can write a book to help the rest of us write great ads . with his advice and a little luck , i hope to put a pretty good book of my own in front of him someday .
2			cd	great	music	soft			great relaxation cd ! both my 4 and 6 year old both love this cd at bedtime ! so sweet to hear the 4 o doing the deep breathing and telling her toes to go to sleep . works like a charm b / c they are usually fast asleep 1 2 way through , and it works on me too ! sometimes we just play the soft music on repeat .
2			production	great			great production . i listen to this cd at least three times a week if not more . i find it very soothing each time i listen to it .
2			album	sexual	one	great	album	best			this album started it all off . this album is great one of the best rap album from a female this album is sexual , gangsta , hiphop its all around worth your money
2			workout	fabulous	variety	great			great variety . i love sara ivanhoe , she is very down to earth and encouraging . anyone who wants to see what yoga is all about a beginner should definately get this video , well worth the money . the fat burning part gets your heart rate up and leaves you feeling warm yet energized . the joy of yoga is a light workout , good as an addition to a cardio session . both workouts leave you feeling utterly relaxed , i go through the rest of my day totally relaxed after doing these . one warning though . there is quite alot of downward dog which i like but i know some of you do not . overall a fabulous workout .
2			book	great			fun . great book for my son ! ! he loves to read with his paper white kindle every night before bed time . every 1 t grader should love these books .
1			story	good	i	disappointed	doc	bad			wasted pages . i bought this book when i was in vermont , with little else to do . i hoped for a good story and was disappointed . robert ferigno's grade schoolish prose and unconvincing characters make me wonder if the book was actually written by lou in point early on in the novel we meet the bad guy doc an annoying , know it all pinhead . some time later we meet a convenience store attendant bradley , the annoying , know it all pinhead and his brother perry the annoying , know it all pinhead . someone seems to have run out of character types .
2			looks	great	artifacting	terrible	it	comparable			terrible video artifacting . i got this camera because it was comparable in features and price to the canon zr -60 which was out of stock . this camera looks great on paper , but fails to deliver out of the box . every scene i shot the video was broken and full of digital artifacts . i tried adding light and moving the camera slowly , but the artifacting still occured . i will be taking this back and hopefully be getting the canon .
2			features	good	tigerdirect	great			not good . i just purchased this item i am returning it . tigerdirect has been great however , the product does not accept . wma files with licensing . so , if you download a song from a digital music store you can sync it but it will not play because it doesn not support the licensing file . if this is not an issue the buttons worked but , there was a slow response time from pressing them and the unit responding . features were good but product definitely came up short !
1			seem	silly	i	depressed	stuff	bad	friend	best			it made me cry . when i read this book , i was going through a lot of bad stuff . i had just lost my second closest friend to luekemia , and my mother and another friend were unaccounted for in two of the areas hit in the september 11 attacks . i was very depressed and thought maybe seeing how bad other people lives were would make my problems seem silly . the book didn not do that , but it allowed me to finally cry and feel better afterwards . i was able to grieve for my best friend , and have faith that those lost would be found . so thanks , you really have the power to touch other people's lives and make them better .
2			deal	fantastic	i	impressed	spans	little	buzz	little	titles	high	quality	high	level	effective			high quality children's software . i was very impressed by both titles in the play time collection , especially blue's treasure hunt . there are countless clickable surprises to discover as you , steve and blue range through the game world . my 3 year old was utterly delighted to spend half an hour clicking some blocks to stack them up , then clicking a toy car to knock them down . one of the things i most appreciated about this and other blue's games was the control and gameplay were designed to be maximally child friendly . the feedback level is effective and appropriate for little attention spans for example if you misclick while trying to match a shape , a little buzz sounds and you are allowed to try again . no long sound or video tracks to wait through . overall , a fantastic deal on two very high quality software titles .
2			plot	great	seemed	real			posative thoughts . i found this book to very interesting . i thought it gave an accurate picture of ancient egypt and the characters seemed very real . a few of the characters even reminded me of people i know . the book also had a great plot that kept me dying to know what was going to happen next . i just had to keep reading to find out .
2			hat	great	one	great	hat	good			a great hat . i run a lot and i like a good light weight hat that can absorb some sweat . so far this one has been great . this is my second sweat vac hat , i had been using a mountain hardware hat as well but the clip broke on the back . this has a much more robust clip .
1			writers	worst	story	weak	writing	terrible			terrible writing . ron marz is oe of the worst writers in comics . this batman / aliens is packed with pages of weak story and even weaker artwork . batman stoires should be set in gothom city , not in tropical jungles where he meets characters from a movie franchise that ran out of ideas ten years ago .
2			it	fast	crema	great	groups	large	it	easy	it	small no			great crema . i can not believe how inexpensive this espresso maker is and how well it works ! it's fast to heat up . the resavoir holds enough water and it's easy to use and to clesn . it is a small , home use unit , not appropriate for large groups . this machine works better than the $ 400 one we bought two years ago .
2			concerts	best	dvd	great	hits	major	bands	greatest			queen rocks ! one of the greatest bands of all time , queen here is in one of the best concerts when they where in top of their career , circa 1984 it contains all the major hits fromo bohemian rhapsody to another one bites the dust , too bad they missed some late 80 s hits like hammer to fall or radio ga ga but overall is a great dvd with some cool extras like trivia and pictures .
2			fantasy	great	elves	good	fan	big			great fantasy ! i became a big fan of hamilton's anita blake series a year ago , on the recommendation of an employee at the book store . i loved her writing right away , and when i found out about nightseer , i had to get it . i mostly read fantasy it has everything i want in a good fantasy book elves , interesting magic system , characters and story with depth , etc i loved it !
2			iv	best	you	old	plot	interesting	gameplay	great	city	realistic	you	amazed			gta iv exceeds expectations . this game has a lot of content on it that will keep you busy for many many many hours . gta iv is without a doubt the best in the series . there is so much detail in liberty city , you will constantly be amazed at how lively and realistic liberty city looks . gameplay is great and the plot is very interesting , which will keep you addicted and coming back for more . i still have yet to beat the game and i had it for a month ! maybe i should play more single player and less multiplayer . yup , this game has many multiplayer options on xbox live , from deathmatches to races or even just free roaming . if you are old enough and have an xbox 360 then gta iv is a must have !
2			stories	complete	seller	great			not what i had hoped for . i was hoping to get some complete stories , however this book just contains excerpts , which means i wont even bother reading it . the book seller was great , though . no complaints there !
1			intentions	right	price	right	seem	small	case	heavy	eggs	like	egg	bad	cups	small	side	suck			not recommended , very disappointed . i bought this pump because the price was right , but my intentions told me that i shouldnt have . intentions were right as they ususally are . the case is very heavy and to carry around a diaper bag , a baby , and this pump is virtually impossible . also the bottles do not stay attached to the sucking apparatus , the suction cups seem to be too small for my breasts , the milk leakes out of the cups , at first the sucking power was too much and quite painful , now one side sucks harder than the other which makes even pumping very difficult , and i have yet to find a storage set that will fit . im willing to believe that maybe i just got a bad egg but if all eggs are like mine dont waste your money . my son was stuck in the hospital for a month after he was born and during that time i was able to use the hospital pumps with medala attachements . they worked great . over all this was a very disappointing and frustrating experience .
1			science	bad			way too long not much happens some bad science . there is enough meterial in this 800 page book for a 100 page book . if you read it you should start by writing down all of the charactars names and a brief discription of who they are to keep track of them . you can save a lot of time when you get to the chapters delaing with ozzie's quest by just skipping them .
2			watches	new	product	great	websites	close	watches	similar			great product , greater price . i have had this casio g shock water resistant watch for over 15 years and still works great . i was trying to replace my broken band and the prices i saw at stores , casio website and other websites were close to or higher than the prices for new similar watches at i was about to junk my trusted timepiece and replace it with a newer model until i saw the voguestrap tx 16 14 at for $ 6.95 and i went for it . it fits just like my second replacement strap and should give me 5 to 10 years like my other replacement strap did .
1			legends	golden	legends	little	reviews	previous	quality	bad	cds	golden	sound	terrible			terrible sound could they do this ? i love almost all of the artists here except for eartha kitt and lena horne , but i just can not stand these little golden legends discs . they are disgraceful . the sound quality is just so bad on all of them . i am getting really irritated with these discs . as i have stated in previous reviews , enough is enough madacy ! why don not they just let the artists official record companies handle these releases ? and this isn not the first time madacy have been ripoffs . on almost all of their discs , they make no effort whatsoever to clean these discs up ! there's a reason why all of these golden legends cds are so cheap . do not get suckered into buying these . overall , do yourself a favor and buy a quality ladies of jazz cd . but do not buy this one . the sound quality is just recommended .
1			people	foolish	crap	stupid	movies	worst			harold potter movies are the worst ever . 0 stars is how it should be ranked ! why are people so foolish in watching & buying this garbage ? what is so great on watching these dweeby little harold potter movies ? ? a bunch of stupid wizardy crap that makes absolutely no sense at all ! you really have to be gullable to believe this nonsense ! that radcliffe character must no have no talent to do other motion pictures besides harold potter movies ! there is a part 4 potter movie out are these dumb movies ever going to end ? they should have never started in the first place anyway ! like i said it before if you are buying into this junk then you must not have anything better to a waste of time ! !
2			diamond	hate	metal	heavy	band	great	quality	high			mercyful hate / king diamond sounding metal from kansas . heavy death metal and thrash metal influences coupled with king diamond esque vocals . definitely worth a listen to any fan of mid -90 s metal with a taste for something a little different . a lot of the lyrics are christian based but one should not be scared off because of that fact , they never get preachy or point fingers . this is a high quality recording , don not miss out on a great band that never got the attention they deserved .
2			favorite	personal	lines	original	characters	great			sorcerer hunters is my favorite anime ever ! sorcerer hunters is a must for all anime fans ! not only are the story lines funny and original , but the characters are great , as well . if for nothing else , buy this video just to watch the 3 d episode on the tape which is me personal favorite , the heresy of love is crystal , which stars mostly marron , the intelligent , gorgeous , younger brother of carrot , the perverted star of the series .
2			music	great			great background music . this is great music for parties and get to gethers . it is calm and unobtrusive . i love the albums jazzy piano sound .
2			video	great	level	different			this is a great video ! my son , ben , loves this video ! he is almost 3 and he love to sing along with steve and mimic steve's actions . i think this video also works for a wide range of ages . i know that when ben gets older , he will still love watching blue and steve ; he will enjoy these videos on a different level .
2			movie	great	quality	good			great disney family movie ! my family and i really enjoy watching these older disney movies for our weekly family movie night . we rented this through prime , and the streaming quality was very good . our only wish is for more of these older disney movies to be made available .
2			geniuses	true	surprise	nice	i	glad	musicians	great			a nice surprise ! i m so glad that this material finally made it to cd . now people can finally hear for themselves the true geniuses these two really were . not only were they funny , but they were also great musicians . a must for anyone who enjoys good clean country humor .
2			album	ok	album	great	album	terrible			not quite as good as word of mouf but still alright ! this album is okay , nothing great but nothing all that terrible ! luda dropped the soap in county and was violated over and over and over by some cat named pretty tony !
2			relationshipsthis	positive	son	old	book	great			really good ! whale done ! the power of positive relationshipsthis is a great book that can have an immediate impact on your relationships both at work and at home . i highly recommend it for any one with children especially teens or supervisory responsibilities . but it can even help you with your peer relationships . i have been using it with my 14 yr old son and even he has noticed a difference in the way i respond to him .
2			cases	interesting	interaction	believable	show	great	show	wonderful	it	worth	stories	great			great show ! this show is wonderful . hugh laurie does a perfect job playing the character we all love to hate . the interaction among cast members is believable , side stories / character development is great , and the cases are interesting . i can not vouch for the medical accuracy but as an entertainment tool it's worth the money .
2			it	great			the suspence was killing me . i don not know what to say . it was great , i never knew what to predict what was going to happen next . he really knew how to hold a hostage . i was waiting for him to kill some one . i didn not know if he was bluffing or he was actually going to kill some one .
2			producer	great			a greatcd . this is a wonderful collection of what was halfnelson than became sparks i wish they would of stayed halfnelson but thats just me . a lot of this stuff was produced by todd rundgren a great producer and musician .
2			grill	easy	grill	electric	control	adjustable	heat	high	job	great			electric grill . this grill is very easy to use and does a great job of cooking what ever you put on it . does the same as a larger grill only in a smaller size . with the adjustable control you have option of cooking on a high heat or slower on a lower heat setting . it is a perfect size for cooking for two to three people . does a great job on steak , fish and chicken and of course hambugers and hotdogs . only problem i have found is that on high heat setting the wood handle on the cover does get hot . you learn quickly to always use a potholder .
1			features	good	hand	bad	graphics	nice			entertaining game , but the deck is stacked . although the graphics are nice and the game has some good features , the dealer never seems to receive a bad hand , the cards which are dealt are not really random . in fact , i tracked over 500 hands , and the first two dealer cards averaged 17.2 2
2			options	manual	light	good	situations	low	it	portable	feature	awesome	size	tiny	features	great	review	bad	it	tiny	pictures	nice	resolution	high			takes nice pictures . in the daylight . i don not want to give this camera a bad review . it has many many great features . but i mainly need a camera for low light situations where a flash cannot be used . this is not it . where there's good light or you can use a flash , this camera is fine . and it is so tiny ! it's very portable . and it's fa st the lag time is hardly noticeable compared to older digital cameras . the video feature is awesome . i would recommend this camera if you are looking for a point & shoot with lots of automated features . i picked this camera because of it's high resolution and tiny size . but unfortunately i need it to have a few more manual options than this model offers particularly shutter speed & aperature . so i m trading it in for the much bulkier g 6 hopefully that will do the trick !
2			novels	great	development	excellent	plotlines	similar	plots	intriguing	brook	best	effort	best	it	best			terry brook's best . the voyage of the jerle shannara antrax had me completely spellbound throughout its entirety . i finished this book and quickly decided that it was by far the best in a long line of great novels by terry brooks . the character development is excellent ; the plots are intriguing ; and the twist are after finishing the third in the series , morgawr , antrax still gets my vote as terry brooks best effort ever . many criticize his shannara novels for following similar plotlines every time , but a fantasy novel is a fantasy novel . and if you like fanatasy novels , then antrax will most definitely sit prominently on your bookshelf .
2			work	essential	bouts	major	introduction	great	referencing	tremendous			a great introduction to all things ufc . krauss work is essential reading for ufc fans who are late arrivals to the sport and want to know how it all got started . many major bouts in the early days of ufc are discussed and also pride receives a tremendous referencing .
1			voice	bad	call	short			bad voice & not fit the ear . it makes me feeling that it almost drops off all the time when i put it on . the voice is very unclear , on both me and the people i call . it definitely cannot be used on the street , and even used at home , it makes the call short . buy it if you want to save money on phone call .
2			product	great	hooks	excellent	metal	real			5 . these hooks are excellent , if you are not sure of your needs or do not want to drill holes . i needed hooks on the side of a bookcase and piano for my daughter to hand her bags . drilling holes was not an option and these hooks are doing the job very well . you need to follow the instructions carefully and wait for 24 hours before hanging anything on them . they come out very easily again follow the instructions on removing without leaving any only negative is that they are aesthetically not that pleasing . given the weight tolerance of these adhesive tapes , 3 m should be able to come up with with some real metal ones . overall , a great product and would highly recommend it .
1			mask	bad	mask	good	review	helpful			bad mask . this mask is a very disapointing product . this mask is only good for airsoft . if you paintball with this please use caution . it comes apart fairly easy . i recomend o take of all of the mask part and just use the goggles for airsoft with a mesh mask . i hope this review is helpful .
1			movie	boring	i	glad	movie	worst	effects	special			worst movie of 2004 even worser than catwoman . this has got to be one of the most horrible and stupidest movies ever made . nothing here impressed me , not even the special effects , because there was too many of them , which made the movie boring . the acting and dialogue feel like they were written , and acted out by a third grader . i m glad that this movie tanked at the box office with 120 million , and hope that there will never be a van helsing 2 or else that will be the last day that hollywood knows what it's doing .
2			author	good	weasel	bad	book	racial	girlfriend	weak	pattersons	great	references	racial	story	serial	character	great			a good author gone bad . i have read every book mr patterson has written . my first disapointment was , when the wind blows . i figured he was entitled to one stinker , but pop goes the weasel is so bad its even worse . he has destroyed a great character in alex cross and written an , almost , racial book . i don not know where all the racial references come from . i also was getting sick of all the nana , kids , girlfriend etc it is almost a poorly written love story instead of a serial killer story is weak , the killer is unbeliveable as are most of the rest of the of the is very sad when a author like mr patterson loses it and twice in a row is too much . there used to be two great pattersons , now richard north is all alone . don not waste your money on this book .
1			one	worst			since when does sandpaper remove hair ? i have tried just about every hair removal process known to woman and oh my god , this one is the absolute worst ! even after following the directions to the nth degree i ended up with raw legs ! i wouldn not recommend this product to anyone !
2			purchase	great			we use this all the time . this was a great purchase . we use it all the time and it keeps food fresh and prevents freezer burn .
2			place	great			beautiful way to record your travels . a great place to record your details , lots of pockets for your momentos , and a place for your lists and dates .
1			claim	false	service	poor			false claim . not waterporrf . i used this product for water fitness . as soon as i jumped into the pool water got into the otter box and ruined my ipod . the company does not stand behind their product , very poor customer service . had an oh well attitude about my ipod being ruined by their product . would recommend staying clear of this company ! go with h 20 audio instead !
1			i	wrong	arrangements	vocal	songs	different	thing	good	beats	nice	album	good	lyrics	poor	deal	major	voice	good	i	bad			don not try this at home . this album is in a wo rd . horrible . considering how catchy i wanna be bad was i thought this album might actually be good . i was wrong . this album is full of trying to be different songs . willa claims shes so different from britney and the rest yet shes singing about love prince charmings and being bad just like all the other popsters . one good thing about her is that she has a pretty good voice . the beats on the album were also nice . the lyrics were poor and the vocal arrangements were sour . if i were her i would stop telling people i wrote and executive produced my album because that's exactly what it sounds like . it sounds like you produced it in the 3 d grade in her backya rd i can see why she wasn not picked up by a major record deal . sorry album is one i won not be trying to sing at 's going in the junk / sell pile .
2			lots	big	lots	real	price	great			we store the wii accessories in it . real big and roomy lots of compartments . we put wii accessories in this bag . love it . great price too .
2			movie	great	toview	available			where is he ? i first saw this in the theaters years ago . when i saw this available toview at home , i just had to have it . a great movie i believe . you won not be disappointed when you see it .
1			itself	great	quality	poor	wear	normal	material	good	pans	little	quality	bad			grill top very bad quality . being swiss , i know how what normal wear and tear is on a racelette oven . the oven itself is great , and the little pans are made of good non stick material . the top grill however is of very very poor quality . the coating was starting to chip , in addition to bubbles forming on the surface just after a couple of uses . i do not recommend this grill if you want to be grilling on top .
2			movie	great	performance	finest	movie	classic			great movie . classic movie that everyone should see at least once . even at almost 30 years old it still seems timeless . eddie murphy's finest performance .
2			story	outstanding	dvd	fantastic	work	great	wrestling	professional	i	pleased	compilation	solid			solid compilation of vicious matches . i thought this dvd was fantastic . while mostly a fan of mick foley's work in the demonic structure called hell in a cell , i was pleased to see some great matches outside of foley's work . lesnar / undertaker was sadistic , while the hunter / micheals match was a bit melodramatic , but still an outstanding story in the is a must for fans of the undertaker , who is a fixture in this hellish match , as well as triple h , whose match with foley is included in the first disc . chains , chairs , barbed wire 2 4 s set aflame , sledgehammers , steel stairs , tables , death defying falls , this has it fans of sadistic displays of violence and blood like only professional wrestling can deliver , this is the dvd for you .
1			company	bad			bad company . the scanner looks nice but very deceiving , i bought this scanner because of the name xerox . i had it for about 2 months and scanned maybe 100 sheets , now it died ! xerox after 3 eeks of calls now wants me to pay return shipping and they say i will get a refurbished unit . bad company
1			quality	terrible	quality	poor	laserjet	old	hp	ashamed	results	superior	lines	terrible			terrible text quality . don not waste your time with this printer . do your research before hand ! the text quality on this device is below standard with terrible bleeding and smudgy lines ! my old laserjet 6 produced far superior results . check out other users experiences in usenet as well as cnet's review where they pointed out the very poor text quality . hp should be ashamed
1			tymers	hate	tymers	big	songs	worst	records	hate			no thanks . i hate the big tymers and cash money records so much ! that song get yo roll on is one of the worst songs i have ever heard ! they need to get their roll on deodorant because they stink so much ! these guys are ok producers , i guess , but they can not rap for s t ! don not buy this or any other cash money album !
2			music	usual no	piece	great			awesome , unusual christmas music . must have for xmas parties ! we love this series of christmas music ! so much fun . unusual but beautiful music , great conversation piece and great for parties !
1			performance	bad	buy	good no			not a good buy . after only six months from receiving this espresso maker its performance is so bad that is not acceptable . as a matter of fact , we are thinking to put it in the trash can . we will not buy another one of these ! mr coffee ecm 20 steam espresso maker , black
2			product	great			double boiler . i just happened to get a faulty pot and i called first two men i got did not speak english i called back and i got a woman who took care of me right away . unfortunately i did not get a return label in the package . i asked around and i was told just throw the broken product away , which i did . i will return the remaining pieces . it is a great product and i use it all the time .
1			handle	bad	handle	difficult	rivets	small	handle	good	handle	heavy	amount	short			there are much better options . the good heavy , solid bladethe bad thick handle , difficult to grip ; rivets holding the blade on are too small and break off within a short amount of use ; the supports holding the blade to the handle eventually twist and the blade becomes mis aligned . bottom line this is a poorly designed , poorly made tool . don not buy it .
2			hits	critical	graphics	great	ramp	good no	improvements	great	it	hard			very cool idea , gameplay a little frustrating . this game has great graphics and has some great improvements over other fighting games in the area of realism . for example , it has the notion of critical hits that just kill you automatically . there are no power bars . however , it was hard to stay interested in it for long because there wasn not a good skill level ramp as with other games .
2			help	tremendous	teacher	new	teacher	current	teacher	old	deal	great	school	high			great for teachers . i m a current high school student teacher and this book has been a tremendous help . you can not let this great deal pass you by whether you are an old or new teacher ! !
2			i	satisfied	service	good	product	great			nice ! i am very satisfied with the product but the shipping took a bit longer than expected but wasn not ridiculous . overall great product and good service . thanks .
1			smelling	worst			worst smelling cologne . smells horrific . stay away from this thing . does not have any undertones just awful does not smell like water or anything like that .
2			wheels	hot	deal	defective	disc	defective	audio	fine	deal	great			defective disc . son loves hot wheels battle force five and great deal except disc is defective on the last episode no audio the rest of the disc was / is fine so i won not hassle with returning it .
2			collabo	awesome	album	worth	producers	different			viktor vaughn short but sweet . viktor vaughn part one was pure dopeness . i love the fact that on part two he did the same as in part one he used different producers to give off differ styles . his flow is on point and the collabo with kool kieth was awesome . my only complaint is that there is not enough tracks . this album is well worth the price and mf doom fans won not be dissappointed . the end
2			glimpses	little	thing	best	brevity	general	stories	fantastic	sense	good	investigation	little			not enough detail or organization . the museum of hoaxes is a book based on a website collecting a variety of tall tales , con games , fantastic stories and urban legends . the problem with the book is that the haphazard way the stories are put together and their general brevity works on a website , but are far from acceptable in a book . very little investigation is done into the actual circumstances of each hoax and the prose lacks any variation or even a good sense of humor . the best thing about this book is that it might pique a reader's interest to investigate some of the stories behind these little glimpses into mankind's collective gullibility . other than that , i can not find any reason to recommend this web book .
1			dog	worst	one	worst	books	numerous			worst dog training book i have read . i have been reading numerous dog training books lately and i have to say that this is by far the worst one . i recommend the book the other end of the leash or cesar's way . even the dog's mind had more information on training then this one did .
1			hair	healthy	thought	great no	product	horrible	occasions	different	shine	healthy			curls went flat . i bought this product in hopes of getting flawless results for hours in a day . i have very thin , very healthy , and very straight hair . when i tried this product , i first left it in for 10 -15 -20 minutes on three different occasions . i m not saying this product was horrible because its results came out great each time ; voluminous curls , light hair , no frizz , and healthy shine . the big but is that it did not stay in tact for 24 hours like advertised . maybe it's just my hair , but my hair literally went flat in a matter of minutes . i even tried using hairspray which i despise , one of the 3 times i tested this product and yet it still went flat with very light , unattractive waves . thus , my overall thought of this product is not so great .
2			one	good	writing	terrible	cast	great			such a great cast . such terrible writing and direction . the premise was a good one , but the execution left me wondering how you could come up with so less than the sum of the parts .
1			transfer	bad	look	hot			bluray transfer is bad . buyer beware the transfer used for this bluray is , apparently , not the greate st it's a 1080 transfer and doesn not look so hot . check out some of the reviews online such as dvd beaver .
1			movie	good	movies	worst			i want two hours of my life back ! this is one of the worst movies i have ever had the misfortune to watch . i would have walked out of the movie house , but i kept thinking , it had to get better . it didn not . the only thing this movie is good for , is a sleep tonic . if you suffer from insomnia , put it in the vcr and you will be out in 10 minutes . boring , boring , boring .
2			reformation	new	help	great			a should read book for reformed believers . this book was a great help in solidifying my views of the 5 solas of scripture scripture alone , christ alone , grace alone , faith alone , glory to god alone . these 5 views shook the world of luther and calvin's day and i believe with a firm , renewed grasp of them , a new reformation can take place to re establish them to the place of prominence they deserve to be , as a side note , i have purchased 2 copies of this book and given them away and will be purchasing another one to hopefully keep for myself to re read again .
2			show	great			great show . i like harrison in almost all of his movies , and this one does not disappoint ! action packed till the end !
1			tweaking	amateurish	albums	previous	album	bad			10 000 days , first album i ever deleted . i would say read the other 1 star reviews , i echo most if not all of them . as my title says , 10 000 days is the first album i deleted from my mp 3 players . seriously . i am a fan of the band , but i don not follow blindly .10 days is painfully drawn out , some amateurish tweaking of songs from previous albums , filler , etc i listened to this album numerous times trying to see if i missed something , just something to make me snap out of this apparent trance that i was didn not happen , this album really is this bad . of course no band can continuously pump out epic albums , especially trying to follow up lateralus . but come on , imagine seeing this album thanks . suffice to say i would not buy a future tool album , as i m a consumer and felt ripped off . tool , thanks for letting me down .
1			lyrics	bad	album	crappy	music	horrible			horrible . a friend of mine bought this album for me for my birthday . i will return the favor on her birthday and mail her a stale fruit cake . this is one of the most annoying and irritating albums i have ever hea rd the lyrics are laughably bad , but i can not listen because the music and his voice are just horrible . don not even think of buying this crappy album
1			cost	low	elements	important	they	useful	reviews	bad	mandoline	good	blade	sharp			believe the bad reviews . i am not going to extoll the virtues of a mandoline . i have a couple and they are very useful . however , the hoffritz product is poorly most important elements of a mandoline are a sharp blade and firm , even cutting surface . the cutting blade used for this item can not be removed for sharpening and it is made of flimsy , cheap steel that could not be sharpened even if it were addition , you need a firm surface so that you get even cuts as you push food through the blade . again , the hoffritz fails here . the slicing surface bows easily , making for uneven don not have to spend hundreds of dollars to get a good mandoline , but there are far better low cost options that this item .
2			naratives	different	mystery	great	case	different			authour recreates his own life story . neil albert's monthly series continues in its 6 h entery . this time dave garret is set out to solve a totaly different case . he is looking for his biological author states that this is based on his search for his birth parents and that brings a more human emotion to the story itself . alberts intertwining chapters of different naratives actually gives two interesting prespectives to the same the story opens we find dave in his office with nothing to do , basicly jobless buy with a job . until he is presued to find his father , his biological father . he sets out to california where his mother stayed during her pregnancy with her family . he hopes he will be able find the truth there but it leads to nowhere . with a twist of fate and a confession dave is sent on the right track and you are left with a great mystery .
1			book	poor			book review . poor the book just to long message could have been put accross in 10 pages the author is just to descriptive on stuff which is meaningless
1			it	hot	socks	worst			be aware of socks completely disintegrated after 4 washes . i purchased those dri power performance crew sock 12 pair package at costco . to my surprise , it was the worst socks i ever purchased . the sock's fiber on bottom of sock come off completely after 4 washes . it was extremely hot after you put it on and walk for a while and disintegratd after a few washes . i won not consider to buy this russell product unless it is for one time use only .
2			i	hooked	introduction	great	fans	hard	rock	classic	fans	die	era	good	band	definitive			classic rock at its best . i bought this album a while ago and i m hooked . i initially bought for the early stuff , half thinking i would leave neglected the latter days cd . how wrong i was . each era is as good as each another . die hard fans should be concentrating on what's on this compilation rather than what isn not . pump yourself full of the led ! a great introduction to the definitive rock band of all time .
1			weather	bad			pirated ? waiting to exhale is one of my favorite movies , and a classic . however , while viewing this film the picture began to pixelate . was it recorded from a satellite dish during bad weather ? i have no idea , but to say the least , i am disappointed in the dvd and its seller .
2			graphics	average	modules	free	campaign	great	graphics	good	game	incredible	campaign	average	campaign	original			incredible game ! still playing it after 2 years . i bought the game when it came out about 2 years ago and i still play the game every week . the graphics are average by todays standards , but good enough that they don not get in the way of your enjoyment . nwn 2 will fix that next year the original campaign is average , but the campaign in the two expansion pack are great . but what bioware really did right was include an editor and game master client . there are 100 of free and really well done modules you can download . you can play on line with or without a game master with friends on your own server , in an organized group , or part of a persistent world module that is always left running hours and hours of fun .
2			they	great			these are awesome . i love these licorice wheels . they are great . they are addicting . i think they might be my favorite candy . they are a harder licorice , like how a wheel is suppose to be and the taste is very strawberry .
2			music	smooth	band	fantastic			smooth and sexy . raul malo has scored again with after hours . you don not have to be a country music fan to love this album . with his magnificent voice , raul and his fantastic band comprised of robert chevier on piano , jay weaver on base guitar , and tom lewis on drums , have once again produced a record worth listening to . following in the footsteps of the greats , sinatra , martin , orbison , and elvis , raul and his band have created music that's smooth , sexy , and will definitely put your husband , wife , lover , partner in the mood . i have ordered multiple copies for all my friends . don not miss this opportunity to sway with the master , raul malo .
1			waste	complete	book	terrible	people	scary	itbad	bad			what a complete waste of time . terrible book a waste of time and money no start or finsh no character development and certainly no depthwhat did i miss here ? i cannot believe that anyone thinks that this is worth readingand . it didn not have any if the scary that so many people ascribed to itbad bad bad
2			i	glad	disc	nice	music	classical	one	good	it	exceptional	addition	great	everything	great	music	great			an excellent choice . i love classical music , yet my knowledge of debussy isn not too in depth . nonetheless , this cd struck me as a great addition to my collection , as the music is wonderful and , of course , great for daydreaming . while clair de lune will always be among my favorites , everything on this cd is great . someone mentioned having a problem with reverie ; while i have never heard any other interpretations of that piece , i still think the one on this cd is quite good . this disc is rather nice for relaxing ; i m playing it right now and it is exceptional as nighttime background music . i don not have any problems with recommending this one to music fans , as i m glad i found it myself .
1			projector	bad			i love it ! it kicks . i lovean improvement from projector not saying projector was bad but damage done is harder , no normal singing no slow songs it just kicks . its my favorite album from dark tranquility .
1			guy	new	guy	bad	pairing	good	guys	good no	job	big			bad guy wins . peckinpah generally says it all . plenty of violence and chases with mcqueen giving it his dour , minimalist acting . there really aren not any good guys in this , so the least bad of the baddies ends up the winner . the plot is nothing new bad guy gets out of prison and is forced into one more big job . ali macgraw is just so so as the wife who would do anything to get her man out of the slammer , but she and mcqueen make a good pairing for this action flick . a must see for mcqueen fans .
2			sweetie	new	song	greatest	kind	new	it	great	song	great	song	popular			rockin baby . this is the new style sweetie . it is radical and totally dancing music . this song is so great that everyone that has one loves it . this cd rocks . this is the greatest song ever and i think that everyone should own a copy . dont waste any time go and buy it . it is a popular song and a totally new kind of beat and song . it is so great that it should be 1 on trl . go buy it baby ! !
2			toy	great	babies	young	he	old	it	great			great for young babies too ! this is a great toy . my son has used this since he was 2 months old . it is great for tummy time because it keeps his interest and keeps him on his belly without getting too upset . highly recommended !
2			party	casual	background	great			surprisingly great for such a bargain ! this impulse buy of holiday music turned out to be my favorite holiday cd . i actually bought it about 2 years ago at a store . i lost it last christmas actually , my parents have it somewhere in their christmas stuff so i m buying it again from music is very relaxing . great background music for casual party or just wrapping gifts .
2			you	surprised	cast	young	fun	great	acting	good			better than expected . i wasn not expecting much when i sat down to watch this film but i wa pleasantly surprised at how good it was . the film had a well developed plot and back story ; the acting was good for such a young and little known cast ; and the effects were cutting edge . the covenant is great escapist fun , but even if you go into it expecting nothing mroe than that you will be surprised .
1			brothers	previous	movies	worst			one of the worst movies i have ever seen . with the dvd jacket literally covered in 4 star reviews and having loved previous coen brothers movies , i thought this was a sure thing . well , it's probably one of the top three worst movies i have ever had the displeasure of sitting through . please save yourself two hours and watch something else .
1			amount	reasonable	feel	bad			i just dont get it . i must not be a puzzle game person because i have no idea how anyone could get through these puzzles in a reasonable amount of time . the objects are so alien looking that i have no idea what to do with the things that i have picked up . i found a walk thru online and used it for the gazebo outside on the first world . if i didn not have that there is no way i would have been able to solve it . luckly i only paid $ 7 for this at electronics bountique and didn not feel that bad about breaking the cds in half and throwing everything in the trash in fustration .
2			work	new	voice	unbelievable	atmosphere	amazing	it	close	voice	great			she's not he one . you know mariah . but you don not know mariah this time . she would done it not hrough the rain and this fact is my saving grace . her new work is irresistible . her voice is unbelievable great . these songs are perhaps not those chartbreakers we have expected , but they are more than you would ever could dream of . during listening her album i have got the feeling she would done this music just for me . it's so close , so special , so private . that atmosphere is amazing . and for real she's still the be st absolutely brilliant i only wanted very cool clown and lullaby wish you some nice hours with charmbracelet ! i m shure you will have .
2			color	great	information	adequate			the hudson river school the landscape art of . . the book is in excellent condition , like new , the reproductions are beautifully done , color is great , the information given , while certainly not definitive , is quite adequate . thank you , sam owens
1			yu	good	flick	bad	man	old	man	bad	performance	good	guillotine	good			carter wong with a good acting performance and a bad ass old man , otherwise a pretty bad kungfu flick . watch carter wong dodge guillotines for 5 minutes at a time . the guillitines move at about 1 -2 miles per hour . it is so freaking boring when the action actually happens . luckily they mix in some hand to hand , but i honestly think that this movie has the most close up flips that i have ever seen in a movie . flying guillotine 1 2 and wang yu's are good but this doesn not even fall into the same category .
1			vision	clear	handle	clear	look	bad	level	high	it	confusing			incoherent . the book really does not carry enough meat to call it well written . it contains way too much fluff and more than anything , it is quite confusing , leaving you with a not so clear vision of secure internet overview of a high level security program can be presented in a much better manner . it leaves you with the impression that there is no consistency throughout the book . it is more a collection of ideas that are half baked . presenting them in a generic high sounding format makes it look really bad . i think that the easiest solution for security professionals to realize that not everyone has a clear handle on information security is to buy this book and read it .
1			tech	senior	setup	bad	manual	laughable			never got past installation setup customer service bad . i am somewhat computer savvy i understand the the ip address assigned in installation needs to match what my own router assigned for an ip address . they don not match and i can not figure out how to change it . i called netgear 4 days ago for help and they said their senior tech would have to call me back . still waiting for that call . back to staples it goes . the installation appeared successful , but whenever i try to print , it says error printer is busy the so called instruction manual for this is laughable . if you are not an advance level it person , don not try it .
2			mixer	great	weather	hot			doesn not cut it over the long run . i bought this blender a year ago this month . i use it only on the weekends to make iced drinks in hot weather . it worked great for the first couple of months , then it started smelling electrical after about 30 seconds of ice crushing . i would crush ice for about 30 seconds then let it rest , and return to ice crushing . last weekend is started smoking . it is still running barely but it is on its last leg . i would not recommend this product for ice crushing drinks . it is a great mixer , but can not handle the ice over the long run .
1			pop	bad			nobody said that bubblegum pop was bad . why did hilary stop singing , bubblegum pop ? her first album sounded way better than this peice of crap . who in the he is mr james dean ? this album was seventeen songs of awfulness , and the girl really can not sing . i can tell that some parts are sung for her , just listen real closely to hide away , and the getaway , you will see what i mean . i don not know , why i even bought this cd . but , you know if you like music that doesn not make sense at all , buy this album , but if you don not , you would better save your $ 15.00
2			buy	great	protectors	expensive	outlet	heavy	isn	popular no	it	useful	room	extra	purchase	expensive			bargain price for all of its features ! i have a belkin and a monster surge protector and this apc completely shadowed both of them in terms of features . monster costs less , so i expected that . however , my expensive belkin purchase is now put to shame that this one arrived . i didn not expect much since the brand isn not popular , but here's what it has that others don not have w / out paying twice the price anyways 7 outlets end outlet has extra room , so you actually have room to use one of those heavy plugs outlet for a phone cord i don not get this one yet , but maybe someone else will find it useful . on / off switch to open / cut power protector caps for unused plugs already child proofed ! if you don not want to spend a lot , but you want the features of more expensive surge protectors , then this is a great buy !
2			war	civil	i	thrilled	book	great			a great book . this is a great book ! i was thrilled to find it at my library , because everyone told me that i should read it . this unique story shows how the march sisters deal with problems together . i have two sisters , so i can relate to that . the four girls , meg , jo , beth , and amy , form a tight bond as they deal with frienships , money , marriages , and much more , during the civil war , when their father is away . when their mother , marmee goes to help their sick father , they struggle to find any help for amy , who is dreadfully ill with the scarlet fever . this , and many more problems fill their lives , and they learn to live a better life as they mature and grow strong within each other . this is a wonderful classic , and i encourage you to read the book , watch the movie , or listen to the cassete of which i have done all three !
2			combo	awesome			great ! i really enjoyed this dvd . it's fast paced but i feel she explains the moves very well . the combo of strength / cardio is awesome !
2			fragrance	great	it	lovely	price	great			lovely . i have never been to an english garden , but this fragrance would be what i would expect . lilacs , lillies , beautiful . it is so lovely . great springtime / summertime fragrance . soft but lasts . i love it and it's at a great price . walgreens , boston store and macy's sell this for at least double what i paid . love it !
2			style	great			excellent mystery . great writing style . i couldn not put this book down either i had read red scream just before it and loved it . this would be on my recommended list of mystery books to read .
1			movie	great	school	worst	west	worst			its good . this is a great movie has some pretty cool gansters in it and sh t i had to use the asterisk and dont be a b tch and say its gangstas not gangsters but why did it take place in the valley ? ? ? ? i mean theres no way that could be the worst school in america . not even the worst school west of l . a . they should have made it in city terrace or echo park or boyle heights but the valley ? ? i just dont get it . ive visited the valley and its disney land compared to city terrace or boyle heights or echo park . great movie though
1			paperback	nice	paperback	little	directions	poor	photos	nice			pretty pictures , poor directions . despite the very nice photos by mr brooks and mr cook , some of the directions can be a bit misleading . after following the directions from this book to kings creek falls , i became considerably disoriented and only found the falls after consulting with other directions from online sources . mark morrison's carolina guide has much better directions , though less photographs . online researching will also provide many , many more than the 27 falls located in the waterfalls of south carolina . check on allen easler's website or the greenville online outdoors for more falls and , hopefully , better directions . if you just want to look at the pictures , though , this is a nice little paperback .
1			program	difficult	user	advanced	program	great no	business	small			not a great program . we started a small business and i thought this program would save us some money by allowing us to print our own business cards . however , there is no instruction book with the program and this program is very difficult to navigate even for an advanced user . would not recommend .
2			woman	nice	ways	practical	book	great			great book highly recomended . life makeovers 52 practical & inspiring ways to improve your life one week at a timea great book read it an do the exercises and it will change all areas of your life for the better . cheryl richardson is a very nice woman she will motivate and inspire you to improve all areas of your life .
2			version	previous	item	great	item	identical	item	defective			failed to launch ! ordered this item as a replacement for the identical item that had failed after many years use . while the previous version worked flawlessly , this item was defective and never functioned upon arrival . the supplier refunded my payment without any problem since they were out of stock and unable to supply a replacement . great item if you can get one that's functional .
2			thesaurus	great	beauty	little			an unfortunate casualty . 2006 and i m still using this little beauty . clean interface , great dictionary / thesaurus , and an indispensable style guide . a searchable quotation database and an adequate world map feature add to this haiku of a program . microsoft dumped this in 2001 and replaced it with encarta . too bad . i wish they still made software like does more with less .
2			examples	good	understanding	good	text	great	addition	great			great text for learning gis in the geosciences . this book is a great library addition for those interested in the use of gis in geosciences . most of the examples are given from the spans program but translate easily into other software . reading the book will give you a good understanding of aspects of spatial analysis in the geosciences . there is a lot of detail and good examples .
2			game	great	game	best	they	good no			this is the best game ever ! i got this game when it first came out . i loved is a great game that has the option of cruisng or othor races . i like to cruise . i have had this game ever since . i have gotten other games like 2 and 3 but they are not as good as this game .
2			character	main	aspect	great	i	happy			dicey's song . as i picked up this book i grew enthralled , watching dicey , the main character , develop a more interesting personality . if homecoming , the first book in this series was about the tillerman family finding an identity , this book was about dicey finding her identity . throughout the plodding plot of this book , there are many twists and turns , but the amazing thing that cynthia voigt creates are the emotions . as i read this book i would be as annoyed at gram or sammy as dicey , or as happy to see mina , a friend . another great aspect of this book , that i touched upon , were the characters . aside from dicey , this book is overflowing with characters so vivid you expect to see them sitting next to you . overall , this was a splendid book , which anyone would enjoy .
2			you	rich	printer	new	i	sorry	printing	ok	way	great	eagle	legal			exorbitantly priced ink makes this a definite do not buy . canon managed to incorporate a chip on the ink cartridges which will not allow you to buy replacement aftermarket ink for this printer . the canon branded ink cartridges cost as much as a new printer for a full set of colors . printing is ok but lookout when you run out of ink . ink cartridges don last very long either . a full set of ink cartridges run about $ 70 canon has figured out a great way to totally rip off the consumer . do not buy this printer unless you are very rich ! ! i am so sorry i ever bought this pos . hoping some legal eagle can find a way to bring a fair trade lawsuit against canon over this .
2			emotions	real	it	good	life	real	music	great	me	hate	work	previous			darryl worley at his best . i have all of darryl worley's previous work because i like the way he puts real life and real emotions into a song . this latest music does that and then some . every song could easily be a single . if you want to hear songs put to some great music that talk about what most of our lives are really about , get this cd . like real life , you get to experience through this work , the saddest of times and the happierst of times . you will also smile a lot when you hear songs like was it good for you and i love her , she hates me , i drink . this is a must have for country music fans .
2			cd	accessible	holder	great	material	durable			cd holder . this is a great visor cd holder , fits very snug and does not interfer with the visor mirror . and has the ford logo for us ford fanatics . keeps cd clutter out of your console . cd's are easily accessible while driving , without taking your eyes off the road . seems to be very durable material , that will la st i would recomment this item to all ford finatics .
2			children	little	song	great	st	nice	idea	good			it is a great song for people who love that kind of music . it was a great song , even though it wasn not the nice st it is not appropreit for little children . it is my favorite song though because it has a nice does not go over well with the parents , though . parents don not want their kids listening to songs with words like that in them . it went over well with the teenagers and kids of today , because most all of them love music like that . it was a good song idea for the kids to listen to , but most of the parents dislike it entirely , so i suggest that if you are going to write a song write it to where the parents won not mind their kids listening to it .
1			quality	poor	end	low	emotiva	superior			poor sound quality . was not happy at all with this product . installed them in a bathroom . sounded like listening to an alarm clock radio . i bought some emotiva uac 8.2 at the same time just to compare . the emotiva's are far superior in every way , build quality , low end , mids and highs . i will use the emotivas in the bathroom and probably give away the polk audio junk . tested with sonos zp 90 source , and rotel amp .
2			mic	great	guitar	acoustic	cost	low			great mic for the price . i purchased this mic to record mandolin and acoustic guitar in my pc based home studio and couldn not be accurately reproduces my taylor acoustic guitar . when used in conjunction with an art tube pre amp , it actually enhances my low cost regrets here !
2			recordings	great	intepretation	outstanding	recording	outstanding			outstanding recording . karajan shows utter mastery in this excellent recording of wagner's ring . though there are many other great recordings of the cycle , only levine and the met are as good as this recording . if you want an outstanding intepretation of wagner's masterwork , this is simply one of the best there is !
2			knife	great	compass	little	you	physical	knife	sharp no	knife	heavy			heavy and unsharp knife . well , if you don not know how to sharpening a knife because you are physical retarded , then this is not the knife for you . because out of box , the knife is not very sharp at all . i am sure you can not kill a pig with other that , this is a great knife . i would highly recommended , for the price , quality , metal , weight and made in china . the little compass works just fine , but the head of 2 out of 3 match is cracked .
2			amp	great	sounds	great	sounds	easy			just what i was looking for . great amp for the speakers in my garage and lanai . . sounds great and easy to usesimple is the price is right !
2			songs	great			yikes . have never seen bing and bob doing slapstick comedy , but if that's your cup of tea . this one's for you ! a few great songs came out of this movie , but otherwise would rather have that 1 -1 2 hours back .
1			quality	terrible	headphones	worst	it	suck			it sucks . terrible sound quality and breaks to easy barely , lasted a day . worst headphones anyone can ever get
2			looks	great			pin hole leaks . the chaise cover looks and fits great . however , we did not put any cushions on the chaise until now , early march . the cover was bought last fall , 2008 but only used to cover the metal frame over the winter . i now find the cover has pin hole leaks and the cushion is getting soaked . time to find out if there is any warranty !
1			story	bad	miss	big			very disappointed . i have always been a pixar fan , but this was the first big miss that i have seen from them . i thought toy story 3 was bad , but this was worse . i should have waited for this movie on dvd from netflix . $ 5 was too much to pay for this movie .
2			work	great			don not waste your time . this is a great work of science fiction . bravo to mr paris for such a vivid imagination ! the conspiracy theories associated with the kennedy assasination don not come close to the ones proposed here .
1			lines	laughable	you	disappointed	words	italian	characters	poor	it	authentic			awkward writing , slow plot , poor characters . if you enjoy mysteries , you will be disappointed . the reader is not given any chance to solve the puzzle . the author simply trots out a series of uninteresting character development ? you won not find it here . the characters are writing is awkward , filled with disconnected , jarring observations , and laughable lines like , a fortissimo cry erupter from bella's mouth . the author also seems to believe that by sprinkling italian words through the book , she makes it more authentic . the words are printed in italics , just to be sure the reader doesn not miss them . don not waste your time on this book !
1			it	fun	blah	little	cards	good	change	nice	cards	bad			fun version . we have played a few times since buying this and it's a fun version of the game . we like the spin on monopoly , and it's fun trying to collect dog breeds that we like . there are just a few things we would have done different . the food bowl movers are a little blah how about dogs ! there seems to be a really skimpy amount of dog toys the houses you build on your monopolies , so we might make a house rule that you can pay your way to hotel without gathering 4 houses fir st and the cards can be a little weird , good dog cards are sometimes bad , and bad dog cards are sometimes good a little wei rd but , it's fun , and a nice change from the same ol monopoly
2			job	great			compliments . professor elaydi's text is used extensively by the rhode island difference equations research group and undergraduates taking the university's difference equation course . great job , keep them coming !
2			read	great			great read . great read and involved plot . i think this is a more mature mitch and at the same time has other characters with depth and side plots . well done
1			rendition	terrible	rendition	worst			terrible rendition of ojala . this has to be by far the worst rendition of ojala that i have ever hea rd upon listening to the song for about a minute , i promply discarded it to where it rightly belongs . the trash .
2			i	surprised	condition	great			got it quickly . i was pleasantly surprised to receive this book so quickly with just standard shipping . i got it about 3 -4 days after ordering it ! way to stay on top of things ! the book was in great condition . thanks for advertising honestly .
2			he	live	side	strong	he	great			buy girlfriend and 100 fun instead . disappointing . almost tragic . only buy this if you already own girlfriend and 100 fun . they are life changing ; stupendous . this is ok . side two is pretty strong , but side one is a let down . i should never . may break through on fm . still , he is great live , and one of the best of the 90 . but let me repeat get girlfriend and 100 fun now ! !
2			books	good	it	right	books	attractive	place	special	nothing	fantastic	books	best	book	great			one of the best books on the james bond films from dk . if you are a james bond fan this book from dorling kindersley is nothing less than fantastic . dorling kindersley is starting to corner the market on good looking and attractive books . this book is very visually conceived , designed and presented so this book is right up dorling kindersley& 65533 s alley . they know how to do it right . each james bond film is addressed with an emphasis on its production design gadgets , sets , etc . we are given 3 dimensional views of key sets from each film . this is what i really liked about it . this is a great companion book to sally hibbon& 65533 s & 65533 the official james bond movie book& 65533 which was also very beautifully presented . if you love the cinematic world of james bond this book from dorling kindersley is for you . this is a book you thought they never would make , but they did . this book holds a special place in my collection .
2			story	usual no	story	great			the christmas box . this is such a great and unusual story of hope and love . something to add to the christmas memories .
1			drives	separate	copy	crap	they	different	disks	bad	copy	worthless			no go , bad disks x 2 included digital copy is crap . i have received a second shipment of this bd and it does not play either , roxio cineplayer freezes completely on both copies of this fox of my other 30 odd bluray disks have any problem playing , in additioni have two separate bd disk drives on my computer and both do the same lockup on this fox xmen first class note that both drives are up to date onfirmware and they are different makes , one is samsung and the other islg . not sure who is at fault but i m certain it's not my computer or both drivesas they work for so many bluray . and it seems remote this could be cineplayeras well . i m guessing anyone trying this bd on a computer will find thesame i found the digital copy is worthless as it is lower resolution thani would ever watch , it's not even 480 at 720 306 far below what i paidfor and wanted to see , after all it's supposed to be bluray 1920 1080 .
2			journey	emotional	lineup	great			blown away . if you have it on cd , get the video / dvd , also . clapton at his best with a great lineup backing him during this emotional journey back to the basics and blues . one of the best sit down , on the spot , versatile ja ms you can hear and feel the emotion during this set and if you can hold down the lump in your throat during tears in heaven , all the power to you .
2			copy	new	i	glad	price	great			great price . i have wanted to read this book again for a long time . i was so glad to find a great price for a new copy .
1			i	disappointed	brand	good	ones	old	rain	heavy	they	great no	wipers	new			streaks and more streaks . i m disappointed in the wipers . i bought the bosch because i though it was a good brand , but the fact is these wipers don not work all that much better than the old ones they replaced . they leave streaks as they go back and forth and just don not work like new wipers should and i have had them on my car for three months now . they work better when there's heavy rain , but still they are not great . i won not be buying these again .
1			it	big	layers	heavy	thing	bad			it was a hit ! this costume was a hit for my daughter age 10 it is big enough that it will fit over a coat or heavy layers for the person heading out in the cold to trick or treat . only bad thing is the felt material balled up after used .
2			it	worth	gem	old	ring	real	band	great			90 s nostalgia . growing up i remember hearing all i ask . on the radio , it was an amazing song . i ordered a used copy of it through amazon , incredibly cheap , i think i paid $ 2 for it . it was worth it ! this is a great band . i have only heard the album twice and it seems to have a real middle 90 s ring to it . the drum machines and electronics remind me of the things that others were doing at the time . for $ 2 it was worth it to load these songs on to my ipod . oh yeah , online is the only place to find this album these days . i went to all the record stores in knoxville and couldn not find a copy of this old gem .
2			authors	talented	job	good	book	concerned	stories	great			too much fluff and recycling from other allen works . too long . too clever for its own good . the only saving grace are the handful of case studies . they provide great stories to share as inspiration with my marketing clients and workshop attendees . much of the work has been outlined in other books by robert allen ie multiple income streams both authors are talented and successful as info marketers . they did a good job pitching the book on christian media their niching strategy to sell your products and services . but as far as the book is concerned , wait for the deep discounts to begin .
2			it	great			just adorable ! my husband picked this one out and we both loved how it turned out . i washed everthing and it came out beautiful . the only caution is if you have a larger window and need 2 valances the set only comes with one . i ordered another online and the top border colors are not the same shade . i am not tha picky but you can tell the difference if you look at it . not sure how to get around this one . otherwise it is great .
1			life	real	hint	little	bad	bad			not even 1 star ! bad , bad , bad ! yes these things happen in real life unfortunately , but that's why we have the i would known what this film was really about i would not have rented it ! but sadly there was little hint at what was to come , and what was to come was pointless ! unless you get off on seeing girls attempt to rape guys , play with guns , do drugs , get raped , shoot guys , set buildings on fire and then go up in away !
1			stars	negative	everything	suck	skateboard	worst	reviews	good			omg . warning warning . stay away . do not buy . this is the worst skateboard or any other movie i have ever seen . the people giving this movie good reviews must be in it trying to sell dvds . this should get a negative 100 stars . i warn you , do not buy . everything totally sucks about this dvd ; the tricks , camera , music , people and ect .
2			product	hard	product	great			great product . awesome product which was hard to delivery and wrapped well for do business with again .
2			customer	satisfied	lowes	local	cleaner	great	purchase	great	suction	great			great steam cleaner . great purchase . very simple to use and easy store away . for the price , you can not get much better quality . suction is great . picks up alot of the water dispensed . i used to rent the industrial looking steam vacs at the local lowes or home depot for $ 30 a pop . this one works just as good , if not better . very satisfied customer .
1			print	bad	shipping	free	change	complete			complete change of ink . oem ink works best in canon printers . no problems with clogged heads or bad print . i have had my canon s 600 for a year now and have never even put it through a cleaning cycle and it works perfect . this set has the three colored tanks and a black . i would suggest going directly to the office supply store that is supplying this to amazon and get it from their site . they are always offering coupons and free shipping as well .
2			router	great	you	happy	router	useless	li	black	routers	new	family	entire			useless parental controls . this could be a great router . most of it's features are first class and it's fa st but the parental controls for limiting the web sites you want your family to visit are really other new routers that have this ability offer a white list or a black li st this router only offers a white li st that means you have to put in every web site your entire family may ever possibly visit in order to block the 5 or 10 sites or keywords you want to block . not just the web site but all the sites that site may use to grab that is what you want in a router then great , you will be very happy . however for those who need to just block a few sites or keywords then this router is useless . totally useless . i m returning it .
1			output	weak	device	poor	stream	weak	nozzle	small			weak steam output . the steam from this device hardly makes a difference in the fabric . the stream of steam is rather sporadic and weak . and the small nozzle is a poor delivery device to recondition the wide swatches of thing is going straight to ebay now .
2			singer	great			jennifer has it goin on ! especially her sexxxy looks . i think that lopez is a great singer and dancer . with her looks she can easily go very high in the singing career . not that she needs the money so don not diss her ladies you are just jelous of a hot talented woman !
1			movie	stupid	movies	worst	acting	good			i thought this movie was stupid . i do like john candy but not his last movie . i thought this movie was going to turn out good since it was his last film but it didn not . he had good acting in this movie but i thought this movie was waste of time . it was one of the worst movies i have ever seen . do not plan on seeing this movie !
2			shots	hot	i	disappointed	deal	great	third	final			not enough hot shots . i was very disappointed in the coverage of the usaf role in korea . this was the first time that jet battled jet in armed combat . and yet at least a third of the book centered on the p -51 s role . f -84 s were mentioned , but not one 84 pilot was included . and the final third of the book was focused on a pilot who was shot down and held captive not il long after hostilities ended . it was a story of bravery and loneliness , but it wasn not the way to end the book and could have benefitted from a great deal of editing .
2			track	great	songs	best			kevin martin of candlebox . thoughtless innuendos one of the best songs i have heard in a long while . a great track by the singer of candlebox . check it out !
2			classic	true	classics	great	plot	great	something	new			a classy classic . a true classic in every sense of the tarrantino wo rd i could watch this movie a dozen time and see something new every time . great plot , action , suspense , has it all . i rate this movie up there with casablanca and pulp fiction as one of the great classics .
2			extras	great	it	nice			finally . it is so nice to finally see a boxed set of this wonderful film and all the extras are great , especially the letters !
2			mixes	good no	collection	important	gang	great	i	surprised	dick	original	remixes	crappy			save your vinyl . boystown gang were great ! this collection is important tracks are crappy remixes that never made are not the good mixes . if you have the original moby dick colored vinyl of disco kicks hang on to cd collections i have heard so far from boystown gang have cheesy mixes of disco kicks . i am surprised at unidisc you can usually count on them but i guess everyone makes a mistake now and then . they should have not released this cd .
1			drivle	complete	events	negative	choices	poor	fabric	political			wow . in reading this collection one would think that the us intends to plunder and pillage iraq while at the same time destroying their social , economic , and political fabric . we are responsible for their treatment of women , poor economic choices , saddam's palaces , and the destruction of the world trade center . this is complete left wing drivle that uses blinders only to exploit negative events and completely ignore anything positive occuring in iraq today . if you are looking for an objective review of conditions in iraq today stay clear of this one .
2			potential	great			a chore . on a scale of 1 to 5 this first novel by heather mcgowan barely gets a 1 ok , if you like novelty and struggling through endless sentences without punctuation , then this may be for you . but , i was not amused and found myself missing the flow of a novel well written and punctuated . the story line had great potential , but the form detracted from it to the point that the story was lo st try again .
2			music	great	strengths	greatest			moving . a stunning elegiac memoir that , like great music , cannot be described in words . there is no art to vergara's photographs , and this is one of their greatest strengths the subjects of the photos speak for themselves . vergara seems to feel that the existence of these buildings needs no justification , and i agree . simultaneously beautiful , grotesque , moving , and shocking . listen to the adagietto from mahler's 5 h symphony as you read it .
2			album	great	vain	similar	music	great	bands	great			great album . ok , so i may not have a long history of listening to this band and feel euphoria is my first spock's beard cd , but let me say this . this is a great album . it has many influences and at points reminds me of other great progressive bands , like the genesis of old . it's a shame there are not more bands turning out great music in a similar vain . if you like prog rock you should love this cd . i do , and i will be buying more by sb soon !
2			cd	great			great cd's . i was looking for a bundle of 20 cd's & i got 50 cd's for the price of 20 & the cd's are greati recommend this to everyone
1			begginng	bad	ending	worst	end	worst			the worst end for a bad begginng . i loved all of the books in the 'series of unfortunate events exect for the seventh and this one . i don not understand how an author can write books that are so good and keep your attention and then with the last book in the series of 11 loose all of if that was the last book then i think that was the worst ending that he could have written . but on the other hand if there is going to be another book i don not know if i will be reading it . sorry if this disappoints you but this is a word of caution . listen to him when he tells you to put the book down , it will be your only hope .
2			way	best	tracks	great	i	impressed	it	brilliant			here's grace . this is a two cd collection . i have been listening to cd one over and over . it is unfailingly brilliant , and sounds more modern that most of the tracks on the top 20 today . wonderful work , and as other reviewers have noted , don not worry about there being two recordings of the same track the dub versions are significantly different to the single or album versions and equally as enjoyable kind of like going to see the band live rather than listening to the lp . i was less impressed with the second cd . there are great tracks there too but it is less you are looking to buy the best of grace this is the best way to do it in one purchase . other best of grace collections don not stand up to this period in her recording career .
1			phones	expensive	job	poor	phones	available			marginally works . i bought the jabra a 210 bluetooth adapter to pair with my motorola wireless headset hs 810 . it paired easily with the headset , and seems to transmit audio well from the phone to the headset . on the other hand , it does a really poor job of transmitting my voice from the headset mic to the phone ; people on the other end say that my speech , even when speaking loudly , comes through as though i m way off in the distance , so much so that it's not a workable solution at all . i have gone back to the wired headset , and will wait for the price of bluetooth enabled phones are widely available and less expensive .
1			school	senior	writing	bad	school	predictable	school	high			buy it used . if you like time travel / alternativish history more than you dislike reaaaaaaaaaaly bad writing , then buy this book . but do yourself a favor , buy it used . this book reads as if it was written by a high school senior , so cardboardish and predictable is everything about it . stirling's island in the sea of time , etc , are better reads since stirling is generally a better writer than flint . frankly , after reading about 200 pages , i gave up on it and skipped to the end . nicely set up for , guess what , 1633 i realize why i gave up on the belisarius books by flint and drake too much flint and not enough drake .
1			it	boring	hellva	bad			not worth your money . one hellva bad bad . wayyyy over hyped , the story is so cliche half way through you consider just doing something else . i know it was boring enough to put me to sleep so i dont know what all these people are so excited about but i felt this was a terrible again i think picasso's art is bs so make of it what you well with a grain of salt p
2			experience	educational	i	alive	advice	great	author	correct	it	easy no			it's just not that easy . i think the author is well informed and gives great advice , but his advice is hollow sounding to those of us who have been there and done that . admittedly , i learn towards self publishing authors who have experience rather than educational knowledge . if it's any consolation , most kids grow up into adults with children of their own . eventually they look back and understand exactly what their alienating parent did to them . they feel cheated out of years that can not be given back . i know this is terribly hard to go through at the time , but something called karma eventually rears its head . the author is correct about keeping a diary , thus documenting the events that are taking place . this documentation will prove invaluable the minute karma does come around . been there and done this , folks . i m still alive to talk about it .
2			graphics	cool	cutaways	cool	it	fun no	way	great			loved it ! my daughter and i played the game as a team . i got to be the mummy . it was fun , not too difficult and the graphics and cutaways were pretty cool . a great way to spend a few saturday afternoons .
2			way	great	relationship	sexual	idea	good			i could have done better then this . i bought this book thinking it would be a great way for my husband and i to re explore our sexual relationship but i was very disapointed . ms lloyd's idea was good but she should have taken the time to write stories to excite and tease . her stories read more like afternoon quickies then something i want to share with some one i love dearly .
2			families	small	book	great			great book . i liked the variety of recipes presented . the serving sizes make this a great book for small families or couples .
2			movie	best	actors	awesome			fried green tomatoes . this is the best movie i have ever seen . such a heartwarming and touching movie that will make you laugh and cry . the actors were all so awesome in their respective roles . this is a movie for all time .
1			fan	huge	son	upset	way	bad			unbelievable in a bad way . we bought this thomas for our son who is a huge thomas fan , and has a huge set up in his room . he has both the thomas this product , bought somewhere else and the percy model . the thomas we had stopped working , and was a older model , so we bought this one to replace it . our son was very upset when we had to retire his older thomas , but we promised him a new bought this product , and waited patiently to add it to our son's thomas collection . when it came , we opened it right away , and were shocked when we were looking at the percy instead of coulda / woulda / shoulda contacted the seller , but this thomas product is already in our tildsmen shed , since we opened the package with our so many places to buy genuine thomas gear , if you are paying the premium thomas price , we expected a better product experience .
2			powerbook	old	product	great	plastic	durable	price	great			great product at a great price . a replacement adapter for my 4 year old g 4 powerbook was going to cost $ 80 from apple . the macally adapter is less than half the price , and it's built like a tank the wires are thicker , and the plastic is more durable . the only thing you might miss is having the yellow / green charging that's more of a luxury and not a necessity . highly recommended .
2			songs	great	voice	excellent	song	emotional	bye	good	song	great			powerful . this cd is full of great songs . martina's voice is excellent ! good bye tops the list for me . it's a great emotional song about saying goodbye to someone . i also think there you are is gorgeous . way to go , martina !
1			soul	poor	fan	big no	excuse	poor	renditions	good			it's mr ruben sellout studdard . i m not a big fan of r&b , so i guess i couldn not be expected to like this album . and i can not stand rap ; i despise it with all my heart and soul . so you can imagine how i would cringe when i heard some of the rap like selections on this i bought it because my daughter and i liked ruben on american idle . his renditions of mainstream songs , like superstar and how can you mend a broken heart are pretty good . it's the other poor excuse for music on the cd that i really daugher listened to the cd once through and gave it back to me , saying she didn not want this piece of trash in her collection . so i gave it a listen and decided there was no room in my collection either . so i guess i will try to sell it to some poor soul who actually likes this garbage .
2			one	awesome	price	great	protector	old	hdtv	new	blocks	popular			terrific product . it was well past time to replace my old surge protector having bought a new hdtv . this one is awesome ! more outlets than i even needed with the versatility to adapt to all those bulky power blocks so popular with manufacturers . even coax protection and wire organizers . great price at 17 bucks too .
1			waltz	authentic	fakes	poor			. these are fakes . shame on amazon for letting someone use this venue for selling poor fakes . you can not buy an authentic vuitton waltz for this price . please don not buy this !
2			product	great	day	next	card	empty			great product . i have had this cf reader for almost a year and it's worked flawlessly . does what its supposed to and the auto sync feature works with every digital photo application i have come across , including iphoto , aperture , and lightroom . i will take it with me on trips / vacations so that i can immediately upload and delete the images from my cf card , leaving me with an empty card to work with the next day .
2			flow	great	book	great			great book ! i really enjoyed reading this book and could not put it down . to me the plot had a great flow to it and i really got into the story . i would recommend this book to anyone who loves to read romance novels .
2			cd	great			great cd it's rap but it's not . this is an awesome cd . it's in your face beats with lyrics that la st the beastie boys have a truely unique rap / rock sound , even those who don not like rap will like them . the cd has be arround a long time , but it still rocks . get this cd . i would also suggest kid rock and limp bizkit .
2			photos	gorgeous	book	great			another w s winner . a great cook book ! although i find a lot of williams sonoma cookbooks to be a little thin , they always pack gorgeous photos with recipes you can usually tru st this is no exception . i made a double portion of penne a la vodka , without having tried it out previously , for a potluck yesterday . rave reviews ! definitely a keeper . update i have made many more things from this book , and they have all come out wonderfully . recommend !
2			recordings	original	recording	great	version	fresh	recordings	old			one of the best ! ! ! this is a great recording . if you just want the same old original recordings , don not buy this . however , if you enjoy a fresh version , this is your baby . outstanding .
2			stats	great	he	excited	fan	huge	purchase	great	book	great			great book for nd fans ! i gave this book as a gift to a huge notre dame fan and he was very excited and loved it . great stats and info inside ! the book arrived like new but the packaging it was shipped it did not protect it well because the package was basically torn and worn by the time i got it and the corner of the book was torn which i glued back together before gifting it . over all great purchase !
1			songs	bad	trephination	bad	bands	greatest	deal	big	album	worst	tone	weak	songs	good			the worst album by one of the greatest indie rock bands . a lot of fans feared this was their last album , because the energy and inspiration just didn not come through on the recording . there are many good songs , but , unfortunately , there are also a few bad ones trephination for example , which seems to go nowhere . maybe having a few bad songs doesn not seem like a big deal , but this came from a band whose every album was a monster of sound and energy ! what happened ? maybe duane the guitarist has too many side projects , because his tone is weak and the playing is uninspired . if you are looking to buy your first jesus lizard , buy head or goat instead .
2			topics	big	control	important	topics	important	reference	great	windows	classic	he	comfortable	aspects	important	strategy	good			avoids important topics . i was expecting a lot from this book , but unfortunately it let me down . it feels like a port to c of his classic programming windows . while it is a great reference for drawing graphics , it doesn not even touch some very important aspects of c and . net like data binding , mdi forms , or even data grids the most complex and important control in the forms package i get the feeling he talks about what he is comfortable and doesn not even mention other big topics . normally a good strategy for an author , but not for a book that is meant to be a defining reference book .
2			beliefs	social	one	aware	beliefs	cultural	stories	fantastic			fantastic stories of ordinary people ! five stories , with a common narrator , and a common city bombay . each story is gripping and astonishingly well written . while someone here commented that the praise is overblown , i feel its greatly deserved . since the tale is set in an indian city , with indian characters , perhaps one needs to be a little aware of our social and cultural beliefs and lifestyle . other than that , one finds the stories to be global and timeless , with fleeting feeling of pain and longing , and a certain satisfaction in reading superbly narrated stories about what we encounter so often . the stories are written in an uncommon but erudite style , and i find myself returning to re read the stories every now and then . for someone who loved vikram seth , this another vikram provides another masterpiece handpicked from the ordinary lifes of ordinary men .
1			recordings	worst	none	best	reading	heavy	contact	worst	mistakes	little	giovannis	great	giovannis	live	looks	interesting			one of the worst studio recordings of the piece . this is karajan at his worst out of contact with the style and with the music , with a absurd cast some of it looks interesting on paper , but none of the participants is even close to his / her best . a heavy , clumsy reading , even more clumsily edited a lot of little mistakes and imperfections due to haste , as bad as in karajan's magic flute . karajan has at least two great live giovannis in his output the 1960 vienna with leontyne price , and the 1968 salzburg with ghiaurov and talvela . this one's for nothing .
2			lyrics	good	daughter	old	it	effective no	album	great	stinks	old	i	old	generation	new			weird al for a new generation ! i have been a weird al fan since his early days on the dr demento radio show and i have reached a crisis with this album . i am too old to know the songs he is poking fun at ! i bought the album the day it came out , and for the very first time my 13 year old daughter was laughing harder than i was . i thought the lyrics were very good on the parody numbers , it's just not as effective when you don not recognize the song . canadian idiot was the only melody i recognized . pretty pathetic , eh ? having said that , this is a great album and weird al is not showing any signs of slowing down . i am only giving it a 4 star rating because it'smy own fault for not knowing the songs . getting old stinks !
1			programming	poor	section	little			buggy . love the format , but this is the buggiest piece of software i have ever encountered on my mac . it constantly crashes , tells me there is minor error in which case you have to repeat whatever little section your are very poor programming .
2			ending	great	it	excited			didn not hit the mark . i read joanna trollope's daughters in law and really enjoyed it so was excited to be reading another joanna trollope masterpiece . unfortunately this one did nothing for me . i really wasn not interested in the characters and the multiple points of view , which i usually enjoy , in this instance just frustrated me . nothing exciting happened and there was nothing to grab me . i kept reading hoping for a great ending that bought it all together . again i was disapointed . i would recommend you skip this one .
1			fanboys	little	charlotte	bad	girls	little	albums	crappy	they	good			still not getting it . i don not get it . these guys have nothing but a simple plan 1 make whiny music . 2 sell in stores and appeal to teenagers . 3 rake in the cash for the will these losers and bad charlotte grow up and stop whining like the little girls they are already ? look at sum 41 they are good . at least derryck had the balls to realize he was in his late 20 s , and write real up . update haha , this is great , i posted this review yesterday and already got 0 out of 4 helpful . now that's sad , give up you little fanboys and fangirls , when i bash crappy non pop punk albums i don not get scores of non helpful votes . what do you do , sit there all day and say not helpful to all one star reviews ? just cause it doesn not agree with your opinion ?
2			i	satisfied no	towel	normal	comfy	great	color	black	recommendations	helpful	legs	black			color staining ! hi i purchased the black color . at first these were great and comfy , but this past week all of the sudden i took them off and my legs were black from the excess dye on the inner shearling material . i also tried wiping some dust off of the surface of the suede with just a normal white towel and i didn not even rub hard as a result , the towel turned black . i am not sure what to do at this point , it is such a hassle to send the product back but i am unfortunately very dissatisfied at least with the black color i chose . maybe the manufacturerer should perform colorfastness testing prior to releasing these items in the market . is there a way to rectify this at this point ? any recommendations would be very helpful . thank you
2			books	great	illustrations	great			great books for my library . my husband is an engineer and inventor . he loves these books . full of great illustrations and ideas .
2			product	great	baby	comfortable			great product . although it took me a while to understand how to use the baby carrier , i haven not stopped using it baby is comfortable and even falls asleep in it . i only wish it would have been a bit cheaper
1			places	different	seems	poor	price	low	luck	good	product	average	service	horrible			do not buy ! i bought 2 being stupid and thinking they would surely fit my standard size , 7 , coby dvd players . they did not . when i went to return them , they said that , in addition to paying the return shipping , i had to pay a $ 15 restocking fee ! so , $ 25 to return 2 items totalling $ 33 ! also , the return policy is very tricky and time consuming , akin to those we hope you get so frustrated you never fill it out rebate to the product , i ordered 2 of the same thing , and 1 is differnent than the other ! they are shoddy and have a lot of different places where the craftmanship seems poor . overall , below average product from a company with horrible service if you are going to roll the dice on the low price , good luck !
1			sounds	bad	games	old	gameplay	reminiscent	gameplay	available	graphics	bad			don not waste your money on this game . i own most all of the motocross games for the playstation and this is by far the worst that i have ever played . the gameplay is reminiscent of old super nintendo games and is certainly not up to par with the technology available today . the sounds and graphics are also pretty bad .
2			solos	instrumental	resolution	advanced	classic	fantastic	album	great	cd	great	vocals	clear			dvd audio at its fine st this was a great vinyl album and a great cd , but this classic is absolutely fantastic in 5.1 dvd a advanced resolution . instrument separation , crystal clear vocals , deep 's all here , folks . after a few beers , i thought i heard morrison casually breathing into the mic after the chorus of la woman during one of the instrumental solos . i have bought about 30 dvd audio disks so far . the recording quality of this one is in the top five . people interested in buying this have likely already heard the album , so there is no need to comment on the brilliance of the lyrics and music you don not have dvd audio yet , you are really missing out . also , if you are not dvd a ready don t buy this disk . you are wasting your money .
1			it	horrible	book	worst	attempt	pathetic	plot	weak			the worst book ever . this book was part of my required summer reading for highschool and i am afraid to say it was horrible . the plot was weak and unmoving . there was no climax the attempt at a climax was pathetic , and i had to force myself to finish the book .
2			bottle	great			white 20 z polar bottle . this bottle is great keeps my water ice cold for dayz haha . my water will stay cold for about 2 and a half hours , and i live in bakersfield , california where it is 100 degrees every day in the summer . sometimes i fill some of the bottle up and freeze it , then fill the rest with water . that keeps my water cold for my 35 miles a day ride and its still cold when i refill it because of the frozen ice at the bottom .
2			music	contemporary	example	major	gospel	contemporary	disappointment	major	cd	great			major disappointment . this cd was a major disappointment . j moss is a talented singer but this cd serves as a major example when gospel music crosses the line of ministry and has become too worldly . first off , why is this man flaunting a gold and diamond encrusted cross on the cover like bishop don juan a well known pimp ? what message is that sending to our children ? where is the humility ? secondly , the music is wayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy too contemporary and i like contemporary gospel but this isn not gospel music in my book . this is r & b music with a few jesus shout outs . i loved j's first cd but i don not know where are the roots of the ministry in these songs ? there are a few songs on here that show the potential of what a great cd this could have been but everytime you start to feel then another hip hop song comes along and snaps you out of it . i gave my cd away to a friend and 3 days later she gave it back and now it's gathering du st
2			scene	fantastic	i	disappointed	i	glad			a little disappointing . i never encountered lewis's books as a child in the 50 and was glad to be spurred to read this one recently for a children's book discussion group . i was a little disappointed with it , after hearing about it for so many years . the language isn not great , and the boy / girl roles seemed so conventional dated anyway . one scene in the book is fantastic , however ; it's the one of aslan's crucifixion and resurrection , metaphorically me with you when you go
1			blood	true	lafayette	poor	it	boring	caricatures	ridiculous			bloody awful . i thoroughly enjoyed the first season , but the second became silly and dare i say it boring . the maryann story line dragged on much too long and robbed secondary characters of any personality since they were too busy being possessed to do anything of worth . the church group story arc at the season's start led nowhere , bill as interesting as dish water was eclipsed by the far more enigmatic and interesting eric , and jason and the police deputy became ridiculous caricatures . even poor lafayette was robbed of his sass . if the third season doesn not pull things together quickly , i m putting a stake through true blood and calling it done .
2			characters	great	music	enjoyable			clayriffic . 24 minutes of humor , great characters , very enjoyable music . i got a copy at
2			lyrics	good	creed	great	bands	great	band	great			why is creed great ? why is creed is considerd a great band ? they got there sound from great bands like pearl jam and soundgarden . the only problem is creed is not nearly as talented as pearl jam or soundgarden . but yet they make comments that there a better band then pearl jam and that eddie vedder could not write lyrics as good as scott stapp . yea right . lets see were creed is 5 years from now .
1			game	worst			worst game i ever played . tries to be funny , comes out more like postal 2 if you enjoy that sort of thing you might enjoy this ; but for me it was one of the worst i have installed in years .
1			everything	wrong	cake	flat	pieces	delicious	farce	bad	camp	good	pieces	unbelievable	references	cultural			how could you mess this up ? 70 s camp should be good for humour at least but the directors ended up with a bad farce . apart from the occasionally succesful cultural references to evel knievel and iron on t shirts the directors got everything else wrong . its unbelievable that they could take so many delicious pieces need i say more and bake such a flat cake . surprisingly the only successful parts of the movie were the action scenes with the same kind of wire fu seen in the matrix . if they had lightened up on the uh . comedy and made it more of an action movie it could have really been well .
1			movie	bad	losers	biggest			i wanted to do this . now i have done more than 60 reviews , i noticed i have never given a product only one star . this is the right time . i remembered i went to the cienma to see this and i think this is one of the biggest time losers . i didn not utter nor scream . i only remember boredom , incredulity and you don not know what a bad movie is , go for it . i don not know if you can resist watching it all along .
2			story	great	soloution	best	batgirl	new	intro	great	vacation	great	book	great			great vacation take along book . i was getting strange looks reading comic books by the pool at the resort we were at , even from my wife . the best soloution was to get a novel based on a comic book and the problem was solved . this book is great for any fan who doesn not have the time to chase down issues of a comic to complete a story arc , like most of us 40 somthing professionals we just don not have the time . it is a great story and it gives a great intro to a new batgirl . i recomend this book to anyone who enjoys batman .
2			read	great	writing	disturbing	book	educational	writing	crisp	climate	political	writing	enjoyable	it	hard			interesting even for those not interested in adoption . i thought this book was a great read and i would recommend it to friends . the subject matter , adopting internationally from a country not very friendly to the idea , may not reach out to most people . i found that it didn not matter . the story really is about love and the bounds people will go to for love . the writing is crisp and enjoyable , even when the author is writing about something disturbing . the book is educational , also , not just about adoption , but about the political climate of africa and abroad . it's hard to remember the author is writing about today's world , because it seems so far away from my own american experience . i was very moved by the book and by chipo's story . two thumbs up .
2			fire	interesting no	fire	slow	pieces	great			bit of a letdown . the third in a trilogy , face the fire was disappointingly slow and uninteresting . i would read it to complete the trilogy , but i do not recommend it as one of roberts great pieces .
1			it	bad	movies	worst	it	great			one of the worst movies i have ever seen . yes the movie was meant to be a yes i actually chuckled a few times but it was just so bad . do not spend your hard earned money on purchasing this unless you have actually seen it and think it's great .
2			casting	smooth	it	thin	line	great			great line . i love this line . it is thin and the casting is so so smooth . it is just a great line all around .
2			book	informative	book	great			great , informative book . i have this book and only on chapter 3 but i have learned a ton . if you don not get what he is saying or you get an error just go to the website for the book and go to the forums and he will help you . there are a few errors in the book , but it is at the website , so if i get an error then i go to the errata section and normally it is in there . this is a great book , do not pass this one by . if you are trying to learn php and mysql get this book !
2			songwriting	great			awesome . a must have for all outlaw country music lover's . great songwriting and music . he was truly a legend and nobody has or ever will compare .
1			package	huge	it	expensive	diapers	worst	core	right	mistake	worst			worst diapers ever for overnight ! i bought a huge package of these from costco because it was only $ 2 more expensive for the brand name diapers than the kirkland brand ones and you got 50 more diapers . worst mistake ever ! for the last six weeks i have had to change his sheets / clothes every morning ! the only absorbent core in these is right in the front which is not sufficient for overnight protection . we are going back to pampers .
2			it	awesome	pryor	funny			really let down . i saw wattstaxx at the movies when it came out in the 70 s . it was awesome . this version is like going to a movie and having the people behind you talk through the whole thing . you cant tell if richard pryor is funny all you hear is punch lines . you cant get into how finky the bands are because the commentators turned the music down so they can talk . wish i could get my money back .
2			poster	great			great poster . johnny cash giving the finger , yes please ! this about sums it up for me . i have this in a frame , in my house . can not help that i live awesome .
1			kids	old	movie	worst			couldn not even watch it all . van helsing is no doubt the worst movie of 2004 next to garfield and chronicles of riddick . this movie is so boring and filled with too many cgi effects the only scenes we made it to were the the b&w prologue and the scene were van helsing and the womman were battling white monsters . please avoid this one like the plague , this one is recommended for video gamers and 10 year old kids but if you have trouble sleeping watch this movie to get a better sleep .
1			bad	bad			bad , just bad . loved prison break , once upon a time . me and my girlfriend watched this and as soon as it was over we just laughed at how horrible it was . we couldn not decide which was worse , the acting or the script . even if u are a fan of this show there is really nothing noteworthy here , and definitely not worth $ 20 heck not even worth $ 5
1			taste	bad	ending	nasty	fan	big			may never read another of his books . after managing to get through this one . and yes , i am an avp . i have been a big fan of kellerman since i stumbled across his work 3 years ago . have read many since then . but this book was a regretable selection , leaving a very bad taste on the mind . i am still in shock over the savage and nasty ending . he doesn not do stephen king well at all , shouldn not even try . and it doesn not even make any sense ! my best guess ? he wrote the first half of the book , got bored as many of us did , and someone else finished it . ugh !
2			counting	advanced	way	great	boy	little			great way to introduce math . i would recommend this to preschoolers who are being introduced more advanced counting and the very basics of addition and subtraction . we watched it 5 -6 times , total , and i do think my little boy got a lot out of it . it covers counting 0 -10 then introduces addition and subtraction with sums never above 10 . the tricks such as the countable objects quidgets work pretty well , and a lot of math facts are introduced in a relatively short time , but all in a fun and entertaining the way , despite the reviews , i strongly prefer this to math adventure to the moon , which is much sillier , more lightweight , and less focused .
1			seal	former	writer	great no	villages	entire	pieces	little			a million little pieces of . shields has been outed as a phony . i became interested in his work after reading an interview with henry rollins who publishes shields's books that mentioned shields being a former seal who went on missions of the darkest horror in vietnam , like decapitating entire villages and putting their heads on pikes . then i found out shields was a fraud . somebody should put his head on a pike , and maybe rollins's too for not vetting the guy before agreeing to publish his nonsense . lying about having served is bad enough , but fabricating atrocities like the aforementioned is just appalling . and no , he's not a great writer . once his work has been stripped of its reality , it's pure junk .
2			jam	effective	ballads	vocal	undereheard	real	money	easy	passion	outstanding	undereheard	classic	version	great			outstanding passion meets precision . the second great version of king crimson . they came out of the box strong here , all members contributing brilliantly in some relatively equivalent proportion . robert fripp has characterized his intention on some of the pieces as wanting to combine the passion you hear in african american music and in jimi hendrix with aspects of the european tradition precision and symmetry in composition ala stravinsky he and the band actually did that here . music doesn not get much better than this . larks tongue 1 & 2 and easy money , fit the bill i have just described . they are crafted , played , and recorded brilliantly . talking drum is an effective jam , a study in rhythm and dissonance . book of saturdays and exiles are vocal ballads i can actually live without them . but that doesn not diminish the album , which is a real undereheard classic .
2			quality	great	price	great			twilight part iv . excellent movie , great quality of blu ray . great price for to had bought it as a gift , we will buy the last one .
1			song	different	way	bad	sounds	different	cd	dark	notes	high			what happened ? rob halford's latest cd here is a little too dark and chuggy . the music sounds sort of like what sevendust is doing and not on the priest side . each song is very different , but in a bad way . the band is trying too hard to achieve different sounds and is lacking in overall feel , making each song sound basically the , what happened to rob's vocals ? there are barely any high notes and the production is also lacking . rob sounds like he is singing out of a closet . i have listened to this disc quite a few times and i cannot get into it . if your going to get halford , i recommend his first 2 discs which kick .
1			reviews	poor			this was the kind of sound that drew me to the first place . all these poor reviews , this singer is the exact sound that just kept bringing me back to morcheeba , after previewing other albums , this is the one that makes me listen to morcheeba , especially the song wonders never cease . skip the reviews and listen to the music all you newcomers .
2			lyrics	great			she's my favorite singer . her voice is so sultry and distinctive , i absolutley love it , what i really adore about her style is her ability to blend her voice with the beat creating a unique lyrics are also great , th is is pure grown folks soul , none of that cheesy stuff so in these days .
1			mess	real	movie	worst	acting	horrible	story	stupid			just plain terrible . this has to be the worst movie i have ever seen . the title is totally misleading , no zombies here ! horrible acting , stupid story . a real mess . i would give it a lower score , but that's not possible . avoid this one at all costs .
2			performances	live	balance	great	cd	new	radio	friendly	music	accessible			worth the wait . we have been waiting a few years for a new jewel cd . the wait was pleasantly rewarded with this way . the music finds jewel in top notch form . the semi rock / blues that shade this cd was first hinted at in her christmas cd . although more produced than her first cd , and probably less produced than her second , this cd strikes a great balance between production quality and the energy and warmth found in jewel's live performances . standing still is the most radio friendly single in the set , but i feel that even those previously unfamiliar with jewel's work will find the music very accessible and meaningful .
2			song	good	lyrics	great			a touching song . this song , save tonight , is a song that really expresses what the singer feels . it's kind of sad , but it's a good song . the song has great lyrics and a cool beat . i like it a lot .
2			recipies	great			another gift from my husband . definitely european bakery , much more technical using european ways that most of us in the us are not very familiar with . takes some getting used to ! it does have some great recipies that take time to make .
1			movies	old	english	bad	quality	bad			prehistoric dvd without any interest for me ! sorry to tell in my very bad english that i have been totally desapointed by this dvd , which is far away from what i expected . i think that i have been abused by the helpful customer reviews that above all help me to order a dvd i probably won not have bought , even for a penny mailing cost included ! i would like to know what it would be if it has not been remastered , since i have never seen a video of such a bad quality ! i would like too to know when appears the aircraft shown on the cover ? i have just seen a lot of peoples speaking , speaking and speaking again ! totaly without any interest for someone who expected to see something else than the old super 8 movies of the past !
2			movie	great	classroom	elementary			great movie for the elementary classroom ! i would been looking for this movie for years to show to my fourth through eighth graders ! a quick download from amazon rescued my thanksgiving week lesson plan !
2			cd	good	songs	great	lyrics	good	i	glad	band	good	fan	good	charlotte	good	songs	good			good cd . i would never have called myself a good charlotte fan in the pa st i have heard a few of their other songs from the past but never cared either way . i heard the song i just wanna live and had no idea that it was them and i instantly liked it . i liked the rock / pop blend that the song was formulated with . i sampled the song's on here and decided to buy it . i am glad that i did . i really like it . really good songs with good lyrics to 's great from the start with the eerie , theatrical almost opeartic intro once upon a time the battle of life and death all the way to the bonus track . i really like the rock / pop sound that it has and it is very consistent throughout the cd . very catchy tunes . still has the rock edge to it and it is all in all a fun cd that showcases what a good band they really are . there a few slower song's on here as well that are great too . i guess i now consider myself a fan of good charlotte . i recommend this cd to anyone .
2			book	great	version	great			another great version of a great book ! tons of info , lots of sample dbs and code . exactly what i have come to expect from these guys . thanks for another great book !
1			service	bad	item	defective			defective item , bad service . item was defective . one zipper broke in days , another broke a day later . bag is unusable . contacted the seller and they didn not even bother to respond . you really don not want to buy this product , and definitely not from jillian leather .
2			iron	real	iron	small	it	expensive no	it	great	cousin	expensive no			for 13 bucks , this iron is a steamin machine ! ok , for this price you are getting a relatively small iron . but it's a real iron . much bigger than a travel iron . anyway , i needed a spare iron for quick de wrinkling sessions at my girlfriend's place . i live out of a duffle bag when i m there and she doesn not own an iron ! i own a top o the line b&d ; iron which i love , so i went for this inexpensive younger cousin . bottom line i recommend it . once it gets going a couple of minutes tops , it really whoooshes out the steam ! i fill it up , crank it up , and use it for dockers and timberland cotton shirts . the steam blows through so well i only have to do one side ! it's a time saving wrinkle killer ! as for finesse jobs on other fabrics , i couldn not tell you . but for hammering out wrinkles in cotton , it's great . i recommend it and it's so inexpensive , you can not go wrong .
1			performance	high	boys	bad	filters	best			k&n makes the best filters . how can you say no to a company that has been in this business for eons and knows how to build flow conscious filters for high performance . not only that you are saving the environment with these long use bad boys . i am a k&n fan .
2			movie	great			great movie . i really enjoyed memoirs of a geisha . gave me a little more insight on exactly what they were and what was expected of them
2			album	great	age	new	yes	classic	album	original			correct the title the album is olias of sunhillow not sunhollow ! this was a great album . definitely jon's the title should be corrected . and why did they change the order of the tracks on the downloaded version . the album actually opened with ocean song and not qoquaq eb transic , which followed olias in the original album . the music was ahead of it's time . a combo of classic yes and the beginning of new age . if you haven not heard this album , do yourself a favor and get it !
2			movie	great	b	old	b	great			great b horror movie . if you like the great old b horror movies , you will like this movie . this is one that i hadn not seen before .
2			product	great	basis	regular	someone	different	kind	different	morning	next	tummy	flat	feel	great			great product . so i never ever wrote a review until reason i love this product is because i have the worse colon issues ; doctors kept doing test after test after test and did nothing but keep giving me different kind of pills . after months and months of fruastration with the doctors and taking pills that barely worked . i decided to do my own research and what i found was either surgery or go to someone different . surgery would be my last resort , so i did more research and landed on oxy powder . being skeptical at first because of past experience , i decided to just try it . i have been using this product for almost 2 months now . every night that i take these pills and the next morning i go bathroom . i feel great ! no more bloating , tummy is flat , and i am actually going to the bathroom on a regular basis .
2			product	great			great product , pain to install . i like this product a lot . it does take a while to install , at least for a novice like me . this is in part due to the poorly written installation instructions . i would suggest you plan on half a day or get a buddy to help you .
2			source	great			excellent purchase . this book is a great source for freelance artists . you get company names and contact info as well as what these companies are really looking for . be shure to read through the whole description before sending out your resume and / or portfolio .
2			mix	great	pieces	instrumental			a wonderful irish cd . this cd has a great mix of reels , jigs , and lyrical songs . some of the songs are song in celtic and others in english . yet there are at least seven instrumental pieces as well . i recommend this cd with full confedence that you will enjoy it as much as i do .
2			baking	free	book	great			great book . i bought this book with the intent of learning to bake gluten free rather than with bleached wheat flour , hoping to bake healthier desserts my family would still enjoy eating . so far the recipes i have tried from this book have turned out very well . i enjoy reading the book and have learned quite a bit about gluten free baking . i m sure the rest of the recipes i bake will turn out well too .
2			visit	next	photos	great	publisher	great			must have for colonial williamsburg fans . i have little to add that won not repeat what other reviews have already said . great photos , fascinating history of the restoration and a wonderful way to prepare for your next visit . the text alone would make a great audio tour guide author / publisher , are you listening ?
2			i	right	algebra	confusing	quality	awful	dvd	good	quality	good no	i	impressed	help	great			10 hours of math on a single 4.7 dvd ! hello . i previously purchased another dvd in this series and was impressed , so i decided to purchase this one . i was a bit apprehensive because it stated it was 10 hours of math on a single 4.7 dvd and that just didn not make sense . i found out i was right to be suspicious , the picture quality is simply awful . this should have been recorded on three dvd's to bring the picture quality up to an acceptable tutorial is very good , gibson explains things plainly and clearly , even to the point of stating where mathematics uses silly terms and names that often makes algebra confusing for some . this dvd is of great help for people requiring algebra assistance , but be warned , the picture quality is not very good .
2			product	good	looked	great			terrible . i really do not know what this product is good for . it looked great and i thought i can use it to massage my the handle is so flimsy that i thought it would break if i pressed it against my back . also the balls on it are so ruff that you can not use it rub on your muscles .
2			fuctions	great	looks	great	tv	great	transition	fast			vcr makes too much noise . the tv and dvd fuctions are great . the only problem i have is when i watch a vhs there is a loud hum while a tape is inside playing or not the unit . that hum makes it impossible to covertly watch an adult movie without getting caught by your spouse . also , when you hit stop the unit makes a loud noise . the dvd portion is quiet and the transition back to a cable channel is fast and soundless . bottom line . if you are watching something you don not your wife to know about use the dvd . still a good buy for a bedroom tv . i also have it hooked up to my mini sound system and it looks and sounds great .
1			plot	entire	acting	bad	sequel	worst			come on , princess ananka comes to life ! this is the worst sequel to mummy ever . the acting is bad , and when princess ananka comes to life , it ruins the entire plot . do not waste your money on this trash .
2			actress	solid	choices	great	he	good	actress	attractive			pretty great . ledger is truly a powerhouse actor . this is a very satisfying movie . heath ledger is probably going to become one of the most respected actors of all time . he's that good . his love interest in the movie is also a very attractive and solid actress . what really makes the movie for me is the soundtrack . great choices for this film , and more than one song that i wanted for my collection .
1			product	natural	convergence	bad	size	small			horrible . i thought the quality would meet the one found in sony's trinitron , but hell the standard definition for this small size looks way better . the convergence is bad and unsettable , and overall picture is washed and overforced . if they think that is what consumers want , i would rather declare them insane and buy a cheaper but a better and more natural product than this one .
1			review	bad	it	clear	price	good			motor failing before filter replacement . ok , the price is good , but i have had this filter on my desk for 18 months , and the motor is failing . it starts slowly and sometimes slows way down , and it is clear that the bearings are , if this were the first honeywell filter this has happened with i might not be writing such a bad review , but seriously , about fifty cents more would get motors with bearings that will last years why the cheap bearings , honeywell ?
2			one	next	mysteries	enjoyable	characters	interesting no	fan	great			not a winning combination . like the other reviewer , robert dinger , i have really enjoyed sam llewellyn . i am also a great fan of alistair maclean's earlier works . if you expect a winning combination in thunderbolt from navarone , though , you will be sorely disappointed . the story was not captivating , the characters were not interesting . the cliff hangers were paraded past like a sad indiana jones wanna be . this is no successor for alistair maclean . again , sam llewellyn's yacht racing mysteries are very enjoyable , especially if you are a dick francis fan , and i am looking forward to the next one of those .
1			execution	poor			hide & seek safari . toy has been out of the box for 1 broke offtail has unscrewed from the monkeygood idea poor execution !
2			sound	clear	mic	great	you	satisfied	choice	great	luck	good	quality	great	price	great	mic	wonderful			on a budget ? doing a podcast ? starting small ? this is your mic . so , i purchased this microphone to continue recording radio talk breaks and demos , after i graduated broadcasting school . this mic has been wonderful . the sound you get from it , is clear & quality ! along with the quality , you will also be incredibly satisfied with the decent price on this thing ! my advice is to go for this mic , if you don not want to break the bank , but still would like quality recordings . great mic , great quality , great price & a overall great choice ! good luck !
2			view	personal	dvd	great	it	amazing	fan	major			100 . guaranteed ! i bought trish's dvd sept 23 d , and i have to say that it was amazing . knowing in advance that she has helped produce this , not only gave me a more personal view of her , but yet shows her intelligence even more . although the dvd did not share with us a lot of stuff we didn not already know about trish , some things were meant to stay personal . it did , however , give a wonderful insight on her life and career ; the road to becoming the woman she is today . a lot of candid footage throughout the dvd was all in all more of a bonus . it not only portrayed trish's beauty , but her personality ; goofy ness . i strongly suggest any trish fan buy this dvd . if you are even a major wrestling fan , i think this is a great dvd to see one of the top divas in wrestling .
2			science	little	effects	special	print	great	it	worth	it	long			boy sees a ufo through the woods . here is a little science fiction film you can watch late at night if you can not sleep . it's only 78 minutes long . guaranteed to put you to sleep . a boy jimmy hunt is abit frightened of the thunder and lightning . he sees a ufo unidentified flying object flying beyond the woods and landing . when his father goes to check on the ufo to see if his son is telling the truth , the father disappears into a sandtrap and later so do the policeman . really primitive special effects for 1953 but if can see a really great print or restored print of this film , it would be worth it . remade in 1986 with jimmy hunt as a police chief . invaders from mars
1			character	main	we	glad	day	bad	movie	scary			damn , this is a scary movie ! we have all had a bad day and we are all glad when it's over . we can sit down on our couch or get in bed and relax , safe in the knowledge that tomorrow has to be better . well not for the main character of bleed with me . her bad day get's so much worse than she could even imagine . after a long day filled with annoying family and loud clients , laurie just wants to get in a cab and go home . but after a while , she realizes that the cab driver is taking her far away from her home . and it just gets worse from there . i m not going to spoil it for you , but i can see why this film has been getting rave reviews . it's hardcore to be sure , filled with frightening imagery and some gruesome death and destruction , but it's an amazing film and one that you shouldn not miss .
1			book	worst			terrible . this is the worst text book i have ever purchased for a class . it is full of errors and is very difficulty to follow . there are not enough practice problems and the answer key does not give enough information as to how the answer came about . there are discrepencies from one page to the next .
2			aid	great			zipper broke before we could fill it . junk . the zipper broke before we could fill the bag completely . i have owned s landscaping company for ten years and these seemed like a great watering aid for those without irrigation but its just a waste .
1			copies	available	book	terrible	writing	bad			this book was just terrible . i think my title says it all , but i will add a few reasons why . bad writing , unappealing characters with no characterization at all actually , that's a bit of a feat how did woods manage that ? trite dialogue , idiotic plot . need i say more ? i guess i m especially bitter because i was trapped on a five hour flight , had already seen the movie being shown and all i had to read was this book . i wanted to parachute out of the plane . i see that used copies of this book are available for one cent . save your penny .
2			parties	great	hands	wrong	parties	interested			an engaging alternate history science fiction story . rocket science is an engaging alternate history science fiction story . when a seemingly ordinary man returns to kansas after serving in world war ii , he carries with him a secret aircraft stolen out from under the noses of the germans but it isn not just any aircraft . it has been buried under arctic ice for hundreds of years , and it can talk . it is not a ship from anywhere on earth ! unfortunately , a great many interested parties know about the ship , including the nazis and the the united states army , and they will stop at nothing to get it . if the ship falls in the wrong hands , humanity's fate is sure to be in deep trouble ! an enthralling story of fallible humans struggling to cope with inexplicable technology before time runs out , rocket science is a fast paced novel that leaves the reader guessing right up to the end .
1			choice	good	nothing	bad	nothing	graphic			a classic must read . the catcher in the rye is an absolute gem . i intent to re read to pick up on more of the symbolism . what i found especially refreshing was the depth , yet simplicity of the narrative . absolutely gorgeous , and nothing phony about it . the prose served to methodically hammer the themes and symbolism of the book into the brain but its simplicity makes it an especially good choice for summer reading for school . no ten syllable words to try to wrap your brain around on break ! i have nothing bad to say about the book . except that some people might find language and turn of phrase objectionable . personally , i felt like it served to enhance the feeling that you were inside a teenage boy's mind without being overly graphic nothing like it could have been , in today's world ! to make a long story short , the catcher in the rye is a completely rivetting book that everyone should read , whether or not they usually enjoy reading .
2			clamp	great	quality	great			great clamp . clamps are great quality , only fault i see in them is that the threading on some of them is at an angle , thus it tends to create sideways movement in the material being clamped .
2			product	great			great product ! this product is great ! it has done all of my trimming for the last 2 months ! it has not had any of the problems mentioned in the other reviews ! buy this weed eater !
1			body	main	parts	poor	shipping	free	discount	huge	instructions	poor			noisy , unstable do not buy . assembly was easy all parts available even though the instructions are poor . my wife used it only a few times 4 -5 in the first month . from the second month onwards , it is extremely noisy in the main body , no amount of tightening , reassembling , oiling has helped reduce the grinding whole machine wobbles and more importantly , the left footpedal roller sometimes slips out of its groove can cause serious injury . stuck with it and it is occupying a lot of space . plan to junk it or sell it a huge discount . do not buy , even if amazon or others offer free shipping and had it for 3 months .
1			bands	worst	song	stupid	album	great	country	bad			annoying voice from an over rated woman . sugarland is one of the worst country bands ever produced . frontwoman jennifer neetles has one of the most cringe worthy voices ever ! that stupid song , everyday america is completely dreadful and that over played , settlin should have never seen the light of day . if you want to listen to bad country / pop music then enjoy the ride is just for you , but if you want a great listenable country album then check out miranda lambert's crazy ex girlfriend . lambert actually has some talent !
1			it	interesting	movies	old	choice	poor	it	weak			i don not hold it against sam . . poor choice . apparently old tv movies , or at least of that caliber . not the sam elliott i was looking forward to . gone to texas is the better of the two it was interesting but weak . blue river ? not a western , not elsewhere . you can do better .
1			point	low no	songwriting	original no	lyrics	bad	songwriting	boring	they	bad			bad songwriting and redundant lyrics make this one a dud . godsmack is an example of a band who just can not think of a variety of subjects to write about , so instead they write about the same thing in every song . kinda like korn . korn songs are about how bad jon davis's life was , godsmack songs are leaving the lead singer alone . the rest of the lyrics are some of the worst that i have ever heard ; they are almost as bad as limp bizkit's ! never misunderstand me , keep away from me ! c mon , it has no flow ! but the lyrics are not the only low point . the songwriting is highly unoriginal , very boring , and redunatant as well . i would recommend this cd to anyone who is deaf or has a serious hearing disability , since you won not have to actually listen to it . but if you can hear , then you should do like i told you , stay away from it !
2			storyline	great	service	great			bjkga peach . excellent author . great service from comapany . i really enjoyed the book . i am use to reading her bdb books , but this was a great storyline .
2			price	right	hands	little	seems	simple	toybox	great	fingers	good	toybox	durable	i	pleased			great toybox . i looked everywhere for a plastic durable toybox , seems so simple but unfortunately no one kept anything in stock to look at in person . i took a chance on this one because the price was right , and i m very pleased . i like the pockets on the front , my son loves putting his books in & out . if i would change one thing it is the lid . it is lightweight as to not hurt little hands & fingers which is good , but is never locked onto the toybox , it lifts off very easily , so sometimes just bumping it causes it to fall out of the shallow indentations it sits in . other than that we love it !
1			effects	special	plot	good	guy	good	movie	horrible	guy	bad	movie	entire	directing	horrible			horrible movie . the directing in this movie is horrible . with such a poorly fleshed out story and sparse dialogue it's no wonder the actors had a hard time interpreting how their characters were supposed to act but that's why you have a director , who obviously wasn not doing his cinematography in this movie is horrible . shot after shot of poorly lit , uninteresting , blurry , crap . my eyes were glazed over at the end . watch the latest bond movie if you want to see some good plot of this movie is horrible . the bad guy is bad because he is the bad guy and the good guy is good because he's spiderman . the entire movie is a string of convenient coincidences that are never explained but doesn not even matter because your brain will have turned itself off before you even think to movie was made to make money first , have a big named cast second , special effects third , and the rest was thrown together in someone's garage for $ 50 and a value meal from mcdonald's .
2			movie	great	killer	serial	story	great			this movie kinda creeped me out . i m not sure if i think this movie was completely over the top or not . i spent most of it with my eyes covered , asking is it over yet ? can i watch now ? because it does get a bit bloody . fair mc's fiancee is taken by a serial killer while stuck on a mountain road after she's had a tire blow out . he brutally kills her and if you can not stand that first starting scene , you definitely won not be able to make it through the rest of this . a great revenge story combined with very unique characters makes this movie great . but i probably won not watch it again because it was just too bloody and brutal . probably a one time watch for most people .
1			audio	poor	quality	huge	me	wrong	tape	old			disappointed in quality . don not get me wrong i am a huge sinatra quality of the video and audio were poor at best for today's technology . i found the video equivalant to copying an old vcr tape to dvd and the audio was simulated stereo . i also bought a second one and the quality is the same . i definately do not recommend this if you are looking for a concert experience .
1			club	crappy	acting	worst	party	new	couch	crappy	loser	real			horrendous . i actually used to know yogi through mutual friends in la and so i had to watch this to satisfy my curiosity i was actually looking for the john leguizamo version . this movie has just about the worst acting i have ever seen . not surprising . i remember yogi used to moonlight as a promoter for parties and i remember correctly i think he tried to rip us off after collecting money from all of us for tickets to a new years party at the playboy mansion then as we got closer to the event . little by little the playboy mansion turned into a crappy couch at a crappy club . we got our money back after threatening to call the cops . a real loser in every aspect of his life .
2			execution	poor	effects	special	story	great	series	original	stories	great	travisty	horrible	elements	critical			horrible travisty of the story and characters . don not waste your money or time on this poorly condensed and badly strung together version of a collection of great stories . the original series as shown on nickelodeon , while it was a cartoon targeted for younger audiences , had the benefit of engaging stories , and character development . these critical elements are sadly missing from the movie version in their place is poor execution by the actors and fancy special effects that are no substitute for great story telling .
1			movie	bad	effects	worst			bad , bad movie . don not buy it . the worst effects worst acting worst storyline my advice , don not watch it .
2			romance	historical	tale	romantic	introduction	great	novels	historical			a historical romance for vampire fans . if you are already a rice fan , you will love this book . if you are a fan of historical novels & romances , you will find this book a great introduction to rice's vampire fiction . i m a 50 50 rice fan sometimes her prose is irritatingly unweildy , but sometimes her stories are gripping & passionate . pandora falls into the latter category . it's an engaging , romantic tale set in the fascinating backdrop of ancient rome .
2			story	fantastic	portrayal	humorous	people	different	book	great			what a fantastic story . i loved this book ! it's a wonderful depiction of the relationship between two very different people who so happen to be father and son . i admire the author for his very candid , humorous and whimsical portrayal of how important it is not to lose sight of what matters mo st . family . what a great book !
2			novel	scary	book	great	novel	good			not his best work . . this book isn not as good as i would hope . it is to brief , it gets scary in the last twenty pages . if you want a good scary novel , go towards cujo or the exorci st maybe even try reading watchers , that is a great book , but don not bother with carrie !
2			it	old	i	glad	coffee	old	parts	separate	it	cumbersome	coffee	great			lasted only four months . originally , i loved this grind and brew coffee maker because it made great coffee . i found it cumbersome to clean , 5 separate parts , but i didn not mind , because the coffee was great . i used the past tense , because it no longer works . when it was about four months old it started dropping power . i would have to unplug it and plug it back in . it worked fine for about 2 weeks . it progressively got worse until it died . cuisinart only guarantees it for 30 days , so i m out of luck . i m glad that i kept my ten year old mr coffee !
2			book	great			great book ! very practical and direct to the point . great book ! i will recommend it to everyone willing to improve their relationship with people .
2			it	nice	pictures	beautiful	book	great			excellent photography ! great book for kids ! this book is one of the nicest books i have found for children on the titanic . the pictures are beautiful and it's nice to have an early reader book that is non fiction .
1			star	generous	things	different	music	bad	music	good	it	suck	it	little			1 star is being generous . it has now been a little over a year since i purchased this cd and i can count on one hand the number of times that i have listened to it . not that i haven not tried to like this cd , but it just plain sucks ! ! i have been listening to metallica since the late 80 s and unlike a lot of people who have trashed this cd , i don not think that the band died with cliff , or that they stopped making good music after ride the lightning . all bands grow and change , some for the good and some for the not so good . and like all bands metallica has tried different things throughout their career , but they had consistantly produced music that you could listen to and enjoy . unfortunately , the music if you can call it that that comes out of this cd is just plain bad . st anger just leaves you feeling angry over the money that you wasted .
1			you	disappointed	plot	terrible	movies	worst			what a dud ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! do not waste your time ! this must be one of the worst movies this yr poorly acted , terrible plot , lousy actors , and very perdictable . i admit i rented this movie to see some shots of kari wuhrer but i did not see any just 5 other babes who could not act at all this looked like a movie made by playboy productions plenty of bare breasted chicks but no substance . what was kari wuhrer doing in this flop ? at least she can act somewhat but in this one she seemed way above the rest of the cast because even her below par performance was far better than anyone else . in addition there were no shots of her in this movie which added to the disappointment don not try this movie you will be very disappointed if you are a kari wuhrer fan the fox did not show it at all
2			it	funny	bacon	great			funny and a little scary . we watched this again after many years . it is still just as funny ! kevin bacon is great . i love reba in it too .
1			trivia	good	bla	bad			bla bla bad bad . this book of trivia had the most typographical errors of any book i have read in 40 years ! the grammar was also questionable on many pages . even its facts were sometimes way off elvis presley's deceased twin brother's name was garon ! really aron save your $ 9.95 and buy a really good trivia book .
2			it	rare	it	brilliant	quality	great	songs	true	dvd	limited			long time . worth the wait . third eye blind released their third cd today and it is brilliant . this is the first of their three releases that newest member tony fredianelli plays / sings on and the quality of 3 b's sound jumps up a notch with his contributions . the songs are true 3 b . original and a reference , their debut album 1997 is still played daily in my car . it is rare that i play anything else although their second album , blue is mixed in every once in awhile . i get the distinct feeling that the first album will now have some competition for the rotation on my cd player . the music on this latest release does not seem is quality from beginning to limited edition dvd is great get a bit of a behind the scenes look at the band as well as a song that is not on the cd .
2			highchair	old	it	great			well made . i purchased this highchair for my 2 year old recently and i think it is great . it fits under my table so that my son can eat dinner with us instead of to the side of us in his old highchair . i think it is well made for the price .
2			flavor	great	protection	extra			yummy ! we enjoyed these biscotti ; the flavor was great . i was nervous about the shipping from reading other reviews , and although our biscotti were not crushed into crumbs , each one had at least one break . some extra protection in the packing of these pretty delicate cookies would help ! having said that , i would buy them again we loved the flavor and can not beat the price .
2			vocabulary	great			annoying . there is one aspect of this book that i found really annoying which let down my reading experience . i found myself searching through my dictionary almost as often as i blinked . james , congratulations you have a great vocabulary puke
2			family	large	boy	young	book	great			a thought provoking and touching book . this is a great book about a young boy growing up in ireland . after his achoholic father leaves for england without sending a penny to support the fairly large family , it's up to frank to earn money for his family's survival , and his dream of traveling to america . it includes experiences of growing up irish , catholic , and poor . an interesting glimpse of ireland in the 1930 s and 40 s .
2			wait	great	season	next			thanx heaps . thanx heaps on time and great season love top gear cant wait for next season bring it on woo hoo
2			it	interesting	joker	best	graphics	stunning	script	good	direction	great			the dark knight . this is very impressive on blue ray . my family really enjoys this move . it seems like all thought has already been said about this latest installment of the batman series . i was uprised that jack nicholason could actually be out done as the best joker . everything is present in the movie , viewers good script , great direction and top notch cgi . you will want to watch this a couple of times to catch all the politcal nuiances whether you agree with them or not . just pop you some popcorn , kick up your feet and enjoy . the graphics make it even more interesting to watch and are absolutely stunning .
1			scenes	similar	photography	bad	someone	alive	movie	awful	jaws	original	effects	bad			not good at all . this movie is so awful that you have to see it ! the effects are really bad and they used very similar scenes from the original jaws . jaws 3 was way to long . the photography was so bad that you couldn not tall if someone was dead or alive . you had to guess . if you don not like blood , don not see this movie . unlike jaws and jaws 2 this movie has the dead people on the screen for a fairly long period of time . after i saw it i was really embarrassed for the director , joe alves . the acting was alright , it was just the photography , the plot and the lack of the jaws theme song it was only used once that made the movie so bad . however , i do think you should see it just so you can say you have seen all three jaws movies .
2			i	delicious	milk	great			mmmmm good . milk is always great , this is a little on the sweet side more for desert and a little think b / c i drink skim usually but still delicious
2			effects	great	effects	special	story	great	film	great	features	special	emotions	great	star	direct	action	great	job	good	job	great	acting	great			star trek iii the search for spock collectors edition . this is a great film with a great story , great special effects , great acting , great action and great human emotions . this film makes leonard nimoy's star trek directorial debut . he would then go on to direct star trek iv the voyage home & offered the job of directing star trek generations . nimoy dose a good job of showing us the charaters and how the death of spock is affecting them all . he also adds some grit to the klingons and shows them to be the most ruthless aliens in the galaxy . christopher lloyd does a superb job of playing kirk's nemesis in this special features are great and show in depth footage on the making of the film , cast and crew interviews , and how the special effects were achieved . if you enjoyed star trek ii the wrath of khan you will also love this the search !
2			bang	great			left disappointed . this book started out with a great bang , but it sputtered about halfway through . there were a number of elements from the stand here too many elements , and i should know , i have read the stand cover to cover about four times . but unlike the stand , too many details and explanations are simply dismissed . spoilers ahead in addition to the inconclusive , cliff hanger ending , there is never an explanation about the origin of the pulse . there is a side reference to unnamed terrorists possibly being responsible , but nothing else . too much credence is given to the characters drea ms i was able to accept that in the stand , but in cell , it seemed the dreams were simply a way to advance the the end of the book i felt like i was hung up on .
1			bearings	bad	setting	high	unit	regular	setting	low			a bit dissappointed . as our system runs on propane we have utilized space heaters over the years to work in unicen in order to save a little on the process and money spent on refilling our propane tank , i decided this year to spend a little more and buy a better or more diverse space heater , the bionaire looked and read to be a decent buy for the qualities , however i feel that saving the money and going with a regular unit for less money , reasons the unit comes on and off constantly in order to maintain the exact temperature , a bit annoying when trying to rest , cannot change . the high low setting is indistinguishable , and just one month in and the unit seems loose in pivot and makes clatter sounds when shutting down like the fan or motor have bad bearings or setup , as well switches click when coming on and going off unnecessarily noisy . likes removable filter for cleaning , ionization , and no bright lights except when programing .
1			music	classical	music	worst	copies	available			unmitigated trash . i notice that three used copies of this cd are available from amazon sellers , starting at $ 39.95 i wouldn not give you 39 cents for this disk , which is about the worst classical music you will ever come across .
1			quality	poor	electricity	static	quality	greatest			not the greatest quality . answering machine voice quality poor ; handset soon shorted out from static electricity ; no hang up feature from handset . i don not recommend this one .
2			you	happy	design	bad no	response	high	price	great	response	low	unit	main			all the features for a great price . we wanted a unit for our kitchen that would allow us to connect an ipod . this absolutely fit the bill , and i recommend it if youre looking to not spend a lot of money , but get something of sound quality is what you would expect for this price range . if you are not an audiophile , you will definitely be happy with it . but it could do with better high and low range response . its not bad though .2 the design i think the dock should have been better integrated . plus the speakers aren not connected to the main unit , so there are wires hanging out in the back . tack on the ipod dock and yovue got one more the remote controls the ipod when its in the doc . i wasn not expecting that feature .2 fits both our ipod original , and ipod nano easily .3 easy to use 4 there is an audio in headphone like connection in the front of the unit , in case you dont use an ipod but have some other mp 3 player or external source to connect .
2			brand	different	one	identical	color	hate	cincher	great	shaper	nice	sitting	awkward			nice shaper . i hate the color because its so unnatural and will show through any light colored material , but this cincher is still pretty great . it certainly holds everything in . i have an identical one in black but possibly by a different brand and it's starting to loosen up , which isn not great . instead of sucking me in , it's conforming to my body shape which isn not helpful at all . but i guess if you want it to last forever , you really need a steel boned corset / cincher . anyway , this is pretty stiff so sitting is kind of awkward , but not unbearable . just don not do too much of it or your cincher will end up with creases . i wish it came down a little more in the front and a little less in the back . overall , it will fix your shape , but it kind of flattens your butt and doesn not really flatten your lower tummy enough . i have a long torso , so the back must be a lot worse on other people .
2			school	high	games	available	console	great	it	fun	games	great			great for nostalgia . i missed a couple of generations of consoles during late high school and college , so now i m catching up . i bought this as a valentine's gift for my husband specifically so we could play smash bros . since that's how we spent many nights in college , and it's as fun now as it was then . i have very little to say against nintendo in general , and this is no exception ; it's a great console with some great games available .
2			i	happy	price	great	looks	fabulous	sheets	comfortable	pattern	nice			pattern looks fabulous in person . i got a great price on these sheets but i wondered about the pattern . it looked busy online . i m happy to report that the pattern is quite nice and the sheets are very comfortable . very pleased .
2			movie	great			another cinderella story . this is a great movie for girls , especially if they love selena gomez . cute and funny and age appropriate for 8 and up .
2			performances	great	screenplay	great	rights	civil	bond	strong	people	different	performances	flawless	lesson	valuable			movie for all ages . driving miss daisy is a very touching and heart warming drama . the performances by morgan freeman and jessica tandy are geniune and flawless . parents , teachers , and children should all view this film for it's integrity and frienship values that this picture displays . the bond between a jewish white woman and colorard man down in the deep south during the days of civil rights , it's not just a picture packed with great performances and a great screenplay , but it sends a everlasting message to society in general , the bigotry that continues even today , and how a strong bond can last over the course of time between two people completly different from one another . all should learn a valuable lesson from this movie , life is not forever , but a friendship can be .
1			product	poor	amount	poor	summary	good	baby	new			extreme poor quality product ! i decided to buy this product for my new born baby due to relatively good review summary . however , it disappointed me completely . first of all , i received one with broken frame in intact box . after replacement request , i got a second one with a crack on the edge glass face . then i found no more replacement available on amazon . due to the tight timeline for need of such product and tired of online search , i try to use it anyway . it turned out that the rolling pin is really a piece of junk . quite a lot of material was stick to it if you use the rolling pin included . what a waste of that poor suffieient amount of material . the cutting ruler did not work well since the material stick to it too , better to use your own knife . overall , it is waste money to buy this junk .
1			quality	poor	feels	cheap			poor quality . the fun lasted 10 minutes . then one of the wheels stopped working . for 50 dollars they should have built a much better feels cheap and poorly manufactured . don not buy it .
2			movie	great	concept	wonderful	queen	brilliant	level	next	movies	best			a life lesson . this was one of the best movies ! 6.0 rating is way to low . the concept was wonderful , the queen was brilliant and the supporting actors were magnificent . all inter weaved to tell a tale of living life to the fulle st if this movie doesn not make you want to get off your butt and take that hobby to the next level , tell that person you admire that you love them or see that place on earth you want to visit , then nothing will . thank you queen and ll for another great movie from you guys . you again didn not have to flash breasts & booty , curse constantly or do the hollywood thing to your movie to deliver an inspiring story , a life lesson , a blessing . god bless you both .
2			resource	great	it	instrumental	book	great			great resource . this is a great book to add to your collection . it has been instrumental in my studies and i highly recommend it .
1			ten	old	it	funny	movie	bad			invisible dad . this movie was so incredibly bad that it was funny ! save yourself and your family from this lemon . it was poorly written , acted , edited , you name it . it has no redeeming value whatsoever . sorry folks , but giving it one star was not a real accurate statement , more like -5 our ten year old couldn not even bare to watch it , it was so lame !
2			gift	nice	writers	best	introductions	informative	introductions	short	collection	great			a great collection . a wonderful collection of some of the best writers of western fiction the best of the be st informative short introductions before every story about that author . this book would make a nice gift for someone who appreciates westerns or who would like to begin reading them .
1			things	bad	corel	horrible			not for a network printer . we have had corel wp for years . we recently upgraded from 8 to 12 we are a non profit and 12 barely works with our network printer . i have even spoken with corel techs who have instructed me on how to set up documents to print to our printer it is so awkward a procedure not to mention totally dumb . what's worse is that it just doesn not work all the time . things are so bad that i am constantly called to try to figure out why it won not print again . we wish we would thought to get the trial version first ! many others have told me how horrible corel's products are getting . nothing but trouble for us !
2			hymns	good	hymns	old	hymns	contemporary	rendition	great	i	familiar			great rendition of old hymns so familiar to me . we have attended the carolina opry show at myrtle beach sc for many years and occasionally calvin gilmore would be present and sing . i already was familiar with the quality of his voice . i liked the choice of hymns on this cd particularly since they were the songs i heard in church as a child about 70 years ago . although i listen to and like contemporary hymns i really like this type of music also . i can recommend this to those who prefer the good old hymns .
2			st	main	updates	free	information	little	book	great	updates	entertaining			don not bother . i loved the great expectations pregnancy book so much that i bought this one also . i highly recommend the pregnacy one . unfourtnately i wish i had my money back for this one . this book contains pages upon pages of repetitive information from the pregnancy book and gave me very little information on my sons development which was my main intere st the free development updates i get from the baby sites online are more entertaining . buy this book if you don not have the pregnancy book .
2			transaction	smooth	coverage	close	i	surprised	number	current	phone	cool	phone	great	i	pleased	service	new			great phone for the price . i just received this phone and switched carriers to t mobile . at first the coverage in my area with t mobile would have been close to having no reception , but once i turned the phone on , i was surprised to have full receptiion ! i am pleased with my purchase and it's something i would not normally purchase i am used to flip phones but the plan w / t mobile is better than most carriers and the phone is cool and , the transaction was smooth and i was able to transfer my current number to my new t mobile service . i will definitely purchase through amazon maybe t mobile too , depending on how the serivce goes .
2			bottles	great	bottles	easy			a must for pumping moms . these bottles are great and super easy to use and clean . my one grip is that they are somewhat costly , especially considering that i store 10 z of milk a day , which equates to 4 bottles each bottle is 2.5 z . if i didn not also use the plastic medela freezer bags , i would have to purchase a box every three days .
1			product	social	arguement	poor	claims	broad			what we have learned about making poor arguement . if you want to learn how to make broad vacuous claims then this book is for you . the argument made by this author about science were without substance or logic . he goes so far as to claim that the very content of science is a social product . if you think that this is true then go read the book , you deserve it .
2			release	current	film	great			pore script . the acting is well performed . too bad the script and direction are so sophmoric . i had a hard time with this film . especially with such great film as smoke signals in current release .
2			spiderman	great	option	great			great spiderman for my 3 year old . my 3 year old tries to keep up with his two older brothers . he cannot assemble the legos like his older brothers because he is only 3 . this spiderman is a great option for a younger child who wants to assemble lego type figures .
2			generation	next	books	great	looks	great	quality	good			good quality . good quality , and great books to have it at home , and after you done with it will looks great in your bookshelf , until your next generation would be able to enjoy it too .
1			end	low	work	poor	fit	poor	purchase	next			save yourself . this is a very poorly made accessory for the lower end delta table saws . the mill work done after the casting is poor at best . my does not fit the table saw the way it should . when the extension is leveled to the work surface , the fence needs to be coaxed past the joint due to the poor fit . delta does not seem to spend much time or money producing a quality for their low end power tools . my next power tool purchase will be from another company .
2			view	realistic	side	terrible	writer	great	novel	realistic	kids	popular	view	scary			an intensely realistic and interesting novel ! faire game demonstrates a realistic down to earth and yet scary view of highschool . as most people know highschool can be a terrifing expirience and this novel shows the extent of this . a mildy retarded girl longs to belong in a group of popular kids and goes to many lenghts to achieve that . until one day she follows the boys around and as the boys already know , she will do many things to be accepted and they decide to take advantage of this . i dont want to give away what happens but the varied vew points provide an intense and detailed look at the feelings of the girl that was taken advantage of , a girlfriend to one of the boys involved and a friend to all of the boys . this book is harsh and shocking although tamar is a great writer and can really show the terrible side of highschool . not being able to put it down for 3 days straight i agree that this book deserves 5 stars !
2			sound	fantastic	film	great	it	nice	way	typical no	action	great			great film . the film is well pace . slow mixed with some great quick action and fantastic sound . found this film relaxing at times and on the edge of my seat as well . it's also nice to see a female action lead kicking everyone's do it not in the typical flashy hollywood way . you can really feel the impact ! can not recommend this to everyone , but i really enjoyed it .
2			fun	great	season	next	variety	musical	actors	talented			fun . i never thought that i would like glee so much . but the actors are so talented and there is a lot of musical variety . i am looking forward to the next season but am at a loss as to how they can continue after all the graduations . great fun .
2			movie	great	actor	real	series	original			star wars begins it's entry into children's fodder . great movie for kids . as an adult , i am disgusted with the whole star wars franchise at this point . between episode i and this over digital produced kiddie flick , i won not even bother with episode 3 i think what i miss most from the original series is harrison fo rd a real actor . not a computer generated jar jar binks . bring the kids ! any adult who finds this fodder great movie making probally loves the muppet movie s and the goonies the ruining of a perfect trilogy .
1			it	fine	screws	worst	screws	horrible			decent mount . horrible screws . the mount come with the worst quality screws . i like to think i m a very careful individual when screwing in screws . that said , even using the proper screw bit and speed , the cheap screws stripped and i had the same experience as others struggling to pull out the stripped screw out of the wall . that said , the mount even when mounted level will bend slightly due to the monitor if the mount is extended to one side . however , if extended toward you , it will be fine .
2			love	great			copycat . this book constantly reminded me of gone with the wind only this one had great love scenes . i found myself skipping through the boring dialog just to get to the steamy romps in the hay . other than that , i would prefer to rent gone with the wind instead of reading this book again .
1			connection	stable	connection	strong	network	available no	card	worst			the worst wireless card ever ! d link wireless card is simply the worst wireless card i have ever seen . i bought this card to use it at my university's library . however , this card failed to provide a stable connection with their network . the problem was the card was showing a strong connection for one minute and for another minute the network was unavailable ! get a microsoft's card instead of this card
1			dialogue	realistic no	bit	least no	film	worst			worst film i have seen next to going overboard . looks like it was shot with my camcorder from 1996 unrealistic dialogue . not the least bit able to be engulfed in .
1			part	worst	it	solid			pretty good for pioneer krp m 600 . this is my first time mounting a tv . the directions weren not all that clear to 2 engineers , albeit we are software guys . the worst part was that the ton of bolts and washers that came with the mount did not work with the krp m 600 had to run to home depot to buy some bolts and washers . once the tv is mounted though , it's solid as a rock .
2			date	final	solos	exciting	playing	great	i	surprised	solos	predictable no	playing	superb	smudge	small			mother ship . this newly issued remastering of larry young's final blue note date , mother ship , is also one of his most experimental . the 5 tracks all ooze originality . there's a lot of really great playing , especially by saxophonist herbert morgan . i hadn not heard about him until i picked this up , and he's a phenomenal player ! ! larry's playing is superb too ; his solos were unpredictable and exciting . however , i was a little surprised by lee morgan . this was after his swimming accident , and he really doesn not sound very good on these songs . even his so called best solo sounds really weak and forced technically , at least . i m probably being a little harsh , though i am a trumpet player . overall , lee's surprisingly disappointing performance is only a small smudge on this overall stellar recording .
1			tapes	poor	part	big	isn	original	music	original			a big let down . we have purchased a lot of poor quality 90210 tapes . finally we thought we would have a dvd with our favorite show ! not all the music has been changed . as my daughter said they replaced the original music that in many ways was a big part of each episode and put in random circus type music . much of the music is not even from the same era . i will be trying to send mine back and once again watch my very fuzzy epsiodes because no matter how bad the quality at least it is the original 90210 isn not that what we thought we were getting ? ? ? ?
2			album	live	it	awesome	pick	great	staples	live	quality	fantastic	notes	high			up with the sun . awesome , awesome , awesome , awesome . this is one smokin live album , and have i mentioned it's awesome ! what a great pick in reb beach taking over for not so irreplacable after all george lynch . this band was headed in a terminal velocity downward spiral with lynch on board after hearing the last 2 efforts of the band prior to reb beach stepping in . the sound quality is fantastic , the song selection is super , the band sounds great , even if sir dokken himself can not hit the high notes like he use to , you know he's really enjoying being on stage with a guitarist whose not fighting for the spotlight . the newer material , only erase the slate and maddest hatter are already live dokken staples and older cuts like alone agian , kiss of death , and into the fire get superb treatment from beach , proving he's the one in the sun !
2			none	great			i found a turnip the other day . ok so that was there just to grab your attention . i can completly see where some reviewers are coming from in disliking this . it does sound a forced epic by rick's hand but i find it great none the less . it is very epic and . i fear to say . almost sounds like christian rock in places . all the same , i think this is worth getting if you are a wakeman fan , but if you have a long list of not o gets , put this near the bottom . it is poorer than the original granted , but to me it is a very exceptable sequal . give it a few listens and see what you think .
2			off	little	looks	good	playback	awesome	off	ok	look	different			awsome player for the price . despite what others say this drive does play dvd r / rw disks right out of the box . at least mine did anyway . anyway , for dvd movies the picture quality looks as good as any other dvd player i have used . svcd's look no different as well but the vcd quality does look a little off but that's okay because i doubt i will be playing much vcd seeing as divx / xvid playback is awesome . as for the remote i think it could have had a little more thought put into it but it works fine .
1			reception	poor	noise	horrible	option	functional no			soothing dreams monitor . i registered and received this monitor as a gift . it makes a horrible buzzing noise . it has poor reception . after 2 months i noticed the 2 way option is not functional . it is not steady on its 3 legs and easily falls off the table . my son did like the light show and that is the only reason it gets 1 star . i wish i took it back sooner and got something worth $ 50
1			it	tedious	book	worst	it	dull	nothing	new			the worst book i have ever finished . i can not believe people really enjoyed this book . it was tedious and dull . nothing new happened once the stage was set . of all the zombie reanimated body books and movies , this has to take the cake as the worst , bar none . no character development at all . nothing to make you care about any of the characters . no explanation or even conjecture about what the f has taken place . just rotting flesh and shuffling bodies .
2			read	great	work	great	i	excited	work	literary			dat boy good . not many writers can take on a sequel and do what lee hayes has done in this book . pussy dont fail me now gotta hand it to this brutha , catchy openings and alluring characters , damn thats a receipe for a great literary work . this is a great read , i was both excited and sad at the end of the book , i had no pages left to read . i really wanted there to be more . something about those blues
1			i	disappointed	it	recent	amazon	poor			this is not the 2 d edition . i purchased this for a course i m taking . i looked up the title and read that it was the 2 d edition . so , i ordered the kindle edition which didn not list an edition number . i assumed it was the most recent because it was linked to the 2 d edition of the paperback version . the kindle version is not the 2 d edition . now i have wasted almost $ 50 on a kindle version i can not use and i have to buy the paperback edition that won not arrive for another week . very poor amazon . i m very disappointed .
2			band	best	sound	original	band	great			great band , original sound , style up to their eyeballs ! what do they sound like ? kleezmer punk , balkan funk , and detroit albanian pop . probably the best band i know of that you can still see in a venue with less than 1000 people in it !
2			wordsand	original	bible	great			amazing . this bible is great . it shows the original wordsand tells you the in depth meaning . veryrefreshing .
2			character	great			death , magic and boobs . this is a guilty pleasure , i absolutely love this movie ! it is funny and absolutely pure fluff but around halloween there's nothing better than curling up on the sofa , having some popcorn and watching this movie ! elvira is a great character , thank you cassandra peterson !
2			quality	valuable	quality	horrible	quality	great	it	difficult	materials	flimsy	kit	necessary			deeply regret purchasing . i purchased this with the necessary kit to install for my 2006 toyota corolla . i can not seem to get am stereo channels even when i properly installed all the connections . the face plate keeps popping out on speed bumps . sometimes it's even difficult to remove the face plate . i get the feeling that all the materials that was used to make this were all flimsy . sound quality is horrible . i believe there's a reason why the kenwoods and the alpine stereos cost as much as they do . my advice , save your money for a higher end stereo . during a long drive , great audio quality is way more valuable than a thrift purchase .
2			attempt	real	sbrethen	great	budget	low			low budget schlock can give quality thrills . anyone who watches any of the evil dead series should know going in that they are low budget films , but enter with an openmind and you will not go away dissapointed . sure the sets and actors are not from the hollywood mold , but that in essence is what makes this film and others of it's genre trully artful . bymaking the most with what they had to work with , sam raimi andcast make a real attempt to freighten while never taking themselves or their craft too dead and it'sbrethen are great for what they are tongue in cheek horrorat it not very best , anybody who watches this movie and doesn not laugh at least a little , just don not get it . not every directorgets $ 100 milion to make waterworld , but for those who get it , these movies rock ! !
2			caraffe	great	i	careful	it	easy	product	great			great caraffe that's about it . i wanted to get a grind in brew coffee pot with a caraffe so options under $ 300.00 were limited . i found this and really liked the look . overall it's easy to figure out if your not one for directions but it really has some faults that need to be corrected . the filter door pops open randomly . the first two times after a brief freak out i tried to take a look at how i was doing things to see if maybe how i put the filter in or the plastic top was actually causing the door to pop but i couldn not see how i could be more careful . i actually had one run of about 6 pots of coffee with no issues but the messes just keep happening and my frustration level reached it's limit . i boxed the thing back up and returned it . the positive is the caraffe . it keeps the coffee hot even overnight . i hope cuisinart can figure out how to improve the filter door they would have a pretty great product if they did .
2			overview	great			great overview . jackie wilson was the michael jackson of his time in a league all his own . jackie sung with alot of soul& box set puts his legacy into full context&what he was one of a kind as a get the full details on the arrangements&his power at finding his groove .
1			quality	poor	toy	durable no			fun but very poor quality . i concur with other posts this is not a durable toy . my 4 year old punched its nose out in 3 hours . after super gluing it back together , it has sprung a leak every time it gets played with . great for a day but that is it .
2			holders	small	wood	great			a great wood project . take off from those video games for a day and build a garden planter with a freind , a family member , or even by your kit needs a hammer , a screwdriver and paint optional . it includes a wooden mini greenhouse box , two small plant holders , and gardening tools . decorating tips are included with the kit .
1			i	disappointed	tech	high	waiting	depressed	movies	worst			snore fest 2009 operation boring . i was extremely disappointed with this movie . the story was a couple of people in a high tech world who for some reason had cell phones from 1999 they were in love but separated so they text eachother then sat around depressed waiting for eachothers text messages . this movie was the longest 30 ins of my life . seriously this was one of the worst movies i have seen in awhile . i highly do not recommend watching this film . voices of a distant star
2			seat	great			great booster seat . great booster seat . easy to install . so far working out great . took forever to get it though shipment was almost 2 weeks later than estimated .
2			buy	great	watch	big			invicta 8926 watch . for $ 85 a great buy . if your looking for a big , bold watch and do not want to pay rolex prices this is one to check out
2			books	previous	ending	great			i just couldn not get intrested . i truelly tried to finish this book but i have to admit i only was able to force myself to read 2 3 ds of it . the book just seemed to flail with to many characters and not enough depth to any of them to make me want to even guess who done it . i gave 2 stars as the benefit of the doubt . one i could not finish it so maybe the ending was great and i will never know trust me , i won not loose any sleep over it and second , this was the first aird book i have read with this detective so maybe people that have already met some of the characters in previous books will be able to follow it better then me .
2			actors	great	actors	terrible			such a let down . this movie left you clueless and in the dark in way too many places . great actors for half of it and terrible actors for the other half .
1			actors	worst	i	sorry	luck	good	warning	awful	it	worth no	words	true			good luck to everyone involved with this movie . mr bernabo and ms richards wrote all the true words in their reviews to warn me away , but the opportunity to see more on screen jessica alba was so overpowering , i went on and watched it anyway . was i ever sorry ! dane cook and dan fogler are two of the worst actors i have ever seen . as best as i can remember i m trying hard to forget this movie all of the humor was based on two guy sidekicks saying the most inappropriate words at all the most inappropriate times imaginable . i cannot think of a role either actor would be suited for . it's not even worth a review think of this as a warning to your entertainment writing for this movie was just awful . and lord knows i adore jessica alba , but even that darling couldn not make this movie worth overall abysmal effort .
2			sound	great	dorky	little			great sound , they stay on , they are comfy , but . are a little dorky looking . they protrude out from my ears more than i would expected i thought they might lay a bit flatter than they do , so i m feeling like i have got clark gable ears . other than that bit of superficiality , i love them . great sound and they stay put . getting them on takes a bit of practice , but it's far less work initially than , say , putting in noise cancelling ear , and a lifetime warranty !
1			life	modern	guy	bad	solondz	hate	lays	bad			a creepshow equal parts puritanical and sensational . is there an american director who hates sex more than todd solondz ? in every subplot in this film , sex is always the bad guy , the thing terrorizing the middle class . if your picture of modern life is a series of bad lays , then i guess this is your ticket . personally , i thought the picture lacked depth and character , and seemed more intent on shock than sense .
2			book	good	reading	great	book	easy	traditions	religious	books	similar	helping	good	book	readable	book	informative			good second helping . kolatch follows up on his nicely readable book of jewish why with this second edition on jewish practices , laws and traditions . readers also learn about several controversial subjects such as abortion , homosexuality , and why having a jewish mother but not father determines whether or not one is considered a jew . kolatch uses the same question and answer format that makes this book so informative and easy to read . this book is nearly as good as its predecessor , which also made great reading for both jews and non jews . perhaps we could use similar books on catholics , baptists , buddhists , and other religious traditions .
2			hand	fantastic	man	young	world	literary	reviews	positive	sections	military	they	entertaining	weaponry	ridiculous			dribble . the only covert thing about this book is how it slipped below the radar to be listed in the history / military / war sections . more appropriate categories could be fantasy or humour . this book is full of mystery , like the ridiculous weaponry 'sash , the fantastic hand to hand combat skills called not he machine no doubt the author purports to teach at his own martial arts academy , conveniently everything is unprovable like ufos and deniable due to its top secret nature . my guess is that his fantasy of being a national secret weapon has been unleashed on the literary world in the form of this book . every young man has had boyhood dreams of being james bond , but most of us grow out of them or face the reality that we are not nor is he still we like the movies as they are entertaining this book is not even that . i am sceptical of any of the positive reviews posted on or not waste your money with this one .
1			products	worst			a piece of garbage . this is one of the worst products i have ever come across . it is poorly made , and began to come loose after two uses . i am afraid it is going to just fall apart one day . also , it will not let you crank the handle after the corn gets popped a third of the way up . you have to shake the popper to keep the popcorn from burning on the bottom . the whole reason i bought this machine is so i didn not have to cook popcorn like this . i may as well get out my dutch oven and use it to cook my popcorn on the stove top at least it is constucted well so i know it won not fall apart on me .
2			tasks	little	reviews	right	writer	great	reader	potential			tiresome . raymond feist is a great writer and has produced some milestone fantasy books but sadly lets himself and the reader down with this one . i had read the reviews about the game influence on the book , but was prepared to make my own mind up . in the end the reviews were right , this is too one dimensional and is a series of little tasks rather then a flowing story supported by the characters that feist usually does so avoided , but if you are a potential first time reader then read the brilliant magician instead .
2			it	good no	man	great	they	right	york	new	wonders	political	itself	good no	wonders	great	wonders	musical			not so good . undoubtedly , pete seeger is one of the great musical / political wonders of our time and he really is a great man i saw him perform live in new york right after he had been let out of prison i really don not like this album and i will tell you why . when i was growing up in the 80 , my parents would always quote be kind to your parents and i realized that they were right but make no mistake , the song be kind to your parents itself is not good . it's not good at all . and it feels kind of like a feeble attempt to achieve a folk / goodie goodie kind of idiom that could make me . well i won not even go there .
2			amazon	great	quality	equal	reviews	negative	it	great	metal	sharp	edge	sharp			bottom of bread maker exposed sharp edge . we previously owned this bread maker . it was great for about 4 -5 years before it died . thus despite a lot of negative reviews we ordered another . the bottom plate was exposed on one corner and the metal was sharp . also scratches on the bottom and one of the rubber legs was damaged . it was not damaged in shipping . thus we returned the unit . amazon was great to deal with for the ordered another unit and the bread pan dislodged repeatedly i stopped counting at 20 while kneading the bread . thus we sent that one back . cuisinart used to equal quality . not this bread maker ! at least no longer this bread maker . i am starting to conclude that made in china equals junk !
2			satire	great	groups	racial	types	liberal			great satire for liberal types . this book is one of the funniest i have read in a long time . conservatives beware , it may offend the rest of us will enjoy it also , many have felt that this book pokes fun at racial groups that can be included in the satire that this book has , it is not ment to be taken seriously , and if you do take it that way , lighten up ! buy this book , you will love it
2			things	comfortable	field	difficult	head	great	mask	great	things	easy			best mask i have used . this mask has a lot going for it . excellent field of view through the goggles very comfortable with long term use great full head protection common lens easy to find a replacement things i don not like it is a difficult and time consuming process to remove the lens for cleaning difficult and time consuming process to assemble the lens after cleaningoverall it is a great mask for paintball .
2			products	fantastic	photograhers	professional	investment	great	price	great			fantastic products and service . i am now able to match professional photograhers in picture quality . absolutely a great investment along with a great price the ones i found locally were half the quality and value for the same price . the kit is better than described and fast and quick shipping . i would do business with these folks any time .
2			they	great	cd	good			wires and wood . saw them at an outdoor concert and they were great . this is a good cd even if you do not care that much for bluegrass you will like this .
1			kid	little	they	great no	anyone	old			not much to see here . a little kid may like them . they are not that great for anyone old enough to drive .
2			crashthere	large	table	final	news	great			busted . the crave website actually posts this note poker 2 large tournaments crashthere is an issue on world champion poker 2 will the game will crash when trying to complete a tournament of 200 people and higher . before you can finish any of these events , the game will crash . great news to discover after working your way through hours of gameplay several times to near a final table . i would add that i have had tournaments of 30 people crash as well . i am outraged that they would not have had this tested before marketing and selling . i will never buy a crave game product again .
1			hop	real	immitater	poor	dmx	suck			holla holla if u wanna waste 12 dollers . this is a wack album , how could someone possibly base their style on the wackest rhymer ever dmx . dmx sucks so does his poor immitater , kurupt summed it up in his joint callin out names . if u wanna hear some real hip hop check dre , eminem dope hip hop .
2			cd	fun	feelings	personal	favorites	old	record	great			bulletproof compilation ! i have often preferred mississippi delta blues to other sorts and this compilation more than justifies my personal feelings about the music . it's got a hop to it ; even now , as i listen to it , my foot compulsively starts tappin down on the ground . these artists seem to embody what i love about blues in that region , it's spirited and has a lot of heart . it's party music ! there are some slower numbers , but none of the songs are too polished it's just raw , rough blues that keeps your attention . even though i stumbled upon this compilation , i would urge people to buy it . it really is a great record and has a permanent spot in my itunes old favorites like catfish blues to the fife and drum stylings of oh baby , this cd is fun for every music lover .
2			it	intriguing	choices	great			infra is my favorite . one thing about mcgregor , nobody could be confused about who choreographed these dances . the moves in each have a lot of elements in common , the stamp of mcgregor is all over them . i don not think i have seen men move in quite this way before . it's intriguing , and that's an aspect i noticed immediately . the costumes have a lot to do with redirecting the way we might view men in motion . some great choices in music , my favorite of the three is infra .
2			knitters	advanced	hats	worth	addition	great	knitter	advanced			wonderful , fun hats to knit for the advanced knitter . anna zilboorg is one of my heroes in the knitting world , a master who clearly knows how to play with color and design . this book is not for novices . intermediate knitters , try it if you can find an advanced knitter to help you . i made my first hat and found an error in her instructions and figured out a way to correct it . i can not stand vogue knitting because there are alwasy errors in the patterns there ! you can figure out the charts and correct the errors by changing the charts . don not be daunted . these wonderful hats are worth the effort and thought . for advanced knitters , this book is a joy and her charts inspire you to create and be adventurous . note her book , magnificent mittens , has better instructions . i love all her work and look forward to all her books . a great addition to any knitting library , even if only for inspiration for those who are afraid to work the hats . i say , go for it !
1			liner	worth	bond	realistic	i	happy	royale	worst	bond	authentic			not worthy of the james bond name . i have seen all the james bond movies several times , from dr no through this one . this movie , casino royale is without question the worst of all . oddly , daniel craig , plays a very realistic and authentic james bond . he looks and acts very much like a man who has a license to kill , but even daniel craig's acting could not save this horribly written leading lady , is possibly the ugliest bond girl ever , and wears so much eye liner that she looks like something from a zombie first half of the movie is barely worth watching , but it just gets progressively worse . by the time the movie was over i was very happy that it was finally is the only movie in the james bond series that i will leave out of my collection . it is absolutely not worth your money .
2			album	great	it	good	album	best	i	worried			it's good . i bought all three distiller cds awhile ago and this is the first one that came . i was a little worried because i had heard stories of them selling out , and of them being too much like hole . neither is true . for one thing , this is far more punk than hole . i think this is the best album i have heard in a long time . certainly better than a lot of other bands newest releases . all in all , this is a great album , and i bet you will only dislike it if you enjoy simple plan and all those other punk bands .
1			transfer	poor			churchill china has lowered their standards like most other companies these days . very disappointing . churchill china seems to be manufactured in columbia now not england i have received pieces with the pattern well off center , glazing drips , poor color transfer , etc not the quality i was used to !
1			quality	poor			not very comprehensive . it only covers minimaly the lower sac . no metion of the trinity , klammath , hat , and . sound and production quality are poor . sorry i purshased it .
2			titles	different	old	humble	old	young	people	young	gift	great	stages	different	person	young			terrific book . what an awesome book ! it chronicles the lives of several young people , ages 6 -19 who are at different stages in the process of becoming canonized saints . this book shows that the goal of sanctity is not wishful thinking , or a privilege reserved for a few , but a reality that is attainable even by very ordinary children . it will inspire the young and humble the old . i was especially touched by the courage of each young person in the face of suffering . the book left me exclaiming truly , we can do all things through christ who gives us strength . a great gift for anyone catholic or not who wishes to love christ more deeply and understand the redemptive value of suffering . the book also provides a very helpful explanation of the different titles and stages in the process of canonization . absolutely the perfect confirmation gift .
2			it	fast	quality	fantastic			an excellent printer at a terrific price ! in the two months since i have purchased this printer , i have not had a single problem with it . the quality of the printing is fantastic , it is very fast and was a piece of cake to set up . if you are looking for a reasonably priced multi function laser printer , with paper feeder for multi page faxes , look no further than this printer .
1			grammar	bad	command	good	book	readable	it	painful	writing	bad	punctuation	bad			if you can read it , my hat's off . i almost made it through the first chapter of this book . i had to stop when the combined effects of bad writing , bad grammar , and bad punctuation just made it too painful to go on . if you want a book which is readable that is , written with a good command of english , find another book .
2			movie	great	service	great			great service great movie ! i bought this product few years ago ! sorry for late review haha but it came just as fast as it said , ive always enjoyed the movie and i will buy from you again if i ever see a product i like . recommend to anyone who wants to buy something to buy it from you !
1			i	disappointed	issues	similar	toy	poor	slot	small	individuals	fine			very poor quality toy . i was very disappointed with this toy . i think the individuals who gave it higher ratings never tried to actually use the tools and were fine with just having a set of pretend tools . i was looking for a set where my son could actually use the screw driver to screw in screws etc and that is not possible with this . the slot in the screws is too small for the head of the screw driver to fit in so you can not possibly use it to turn them . there are similar issues with the hammer and wrench . the box is also porrly made and the handle wont stay in . find another option !
2			price	low	i	happy	you	quick	cleaner	great	attachments	great			great cleaner for the price . i bought this cleaner because of its low price and its reviews . i am pretty happy with the results it gets , thought i wish it had some bigger tanks . it takes about 3 or 4 tanks of water to fully clean a medium sized room . the attachments are great and work quite well . the unit doesn not heat the water for you , and the water tends to cool down pretty quickly , so you have to be quick about cleaning before the water cools down . overall , i give this cleaner a 4 5 because its price more than makes up for some of its downsides .
2			buy	great	storyline	fast	data	historical	storyline	interesting			great buy . i personally liked the book . i will definitely read it again . the book grabs you from the beginning and won not let you go until you finish . the characters are well written and the storyline is fast and interesting . his historical data and location descriptions will make you want to go and visit the sites yourself . if i can , i would have given this book 4.5 stars . 5 star is reserved for his other book angels & demons . i liked that book better than this one . hope this helped ! !
2			book	great			great reference book . my wife purchased this book while having difficulty breast feeding . it wasn not long after everything was working out perfectly . thanks
1			server	new	range	poor	sight	direct			poor range . i have a windows wireless network , but have been using an apple airport express to print wirelessly . using the apple , i was able to turn down the d link di -624 wireless router to 12.5 and it still worked fine . the printer is about 60 away from my i discovered itunes and decided to use the airport express to play my stereo wirelessly from my computer thus i needed a new print server . i bought the d link airplus g dp g 321 but the range is so bad it only works about 20 away within direct sight of the wireless router yes i turned the router back up to 100 power . i am returning it and suppose i will buy another apple airport express .
2			people	nice	states	united	guy	nice	books	great			rick frishman is one of the top publicists in the u . s he knows book pr . as a fellow book publicist it's imperative for me to keep up with all of the great books and magazine articles being published about the book business . i have read dozens and dozens of such books and can recommend this book without thing about the book marketing and book promotion business is that there are so many nice people in the business . i rank rick frishman as one of the top publicists in the the united states not to mention he's a nice guy too ! his book , co authored by robyn freedman spizman and mark steisel , offers advice and insight about every stage of the publishing world . using testimonials and commentary , this book lets authors , agents , and publishers alike show you the things you should and shouldn not do in promoting your book . scott lorenzpresident of westwind communications , a public relations and marketing firm that specializes in book marketing and author publicity .
2			grammer	horrible	book	wonderful	reviews	negative	you	willing	book	great			this book is great ! one might notice that many of the negative reviews of this book contain horrible grammer and multiple spelling errors . although i respect those who disliked the scarlet letter , i disagree . it's no wonder that people that don not know how to capitalize the word i . i thought that this book was wonderful , if you are willing to put effort into understanding it .
1			emovie	bad	author	real no	book	real no			abominable . an abomination not the real book , not the real author . the emovie was bad enough , but to make a book on top of that . ugh !
1			jokes	silly	movie	bad	plot	stupid	quality	good			do not waste your time . i bought this dvd on sale in k mart . after watching it for a first time i thru it straight to the garbage . the quality of the dvd was good , but the movie was really bad . it looks like they invested a lot of money to produce this movie . but it does not worth watching even one time . all jokes are silly , and the plot is stupid . the only funny moment was a scene with nuns after they gave away the problem child . do not buy it . do not rent it . it does not worth a dime .
2			fit	comfortable	fit	great			light , comfortable and great fit . i bought these for some stonework i m doing . i wanted glasses i would forget i was wearing and wouldn not slide down my nose every time i bend over to pick up a stone . these fit the bill perfectly . i m a woman with a narrower skull than my husband and theses glasses fit both of us . they don not fog up or distort . i would buy these again in a second if i lost them .
2			movie	great	music	great	titanic	popular	actors	great	movie	good			excellent . this music is one thing that makes this movie so extra good . some of it sounds like the popular titanic and everyone has gotta love the first song on the album by garth brooks . the movie was great , the actors were great , and the music is great !
2			comedy	stupid	plot	great	acting	great			a hater of stupid comedy , but loved this movie ! this movie has absolutely no plot , but its so funny i actually threw up from laughing at one point in the movie . this movie has the funniest 15 in ever filmed in it , so you should check it out but dont expect a great plot or great acting , thats not the point ! !
1			case	bad	volume	entire	impressions	critical	i	interested no	essence	entire			oh , come on . i normally wouldn not bother eviscerating a book like this , but i have recently met people who are under the impression that ward is a fair poet . i can not let that impression stand . i m not interested in marshalling up examples or critical impressions . i don not need to . ward has a tin ear and a bad case of the prose disease . there is no music here . he plays the white trash card so he can say , look what i had to overcome . this is virtually his entire essence , scribbled up for an audience that he assumes cares more about identity politics than aesthetics or poetics . most of his poetic subjects seem to have been picked up on cheap dates at the pop culture honky tonk . virtually no ideas in the entire volume . very uninteresting and very , very poor .
2			itself	great	book	new	version	crazy	review	ridiculous	book	great	review	original			absurd price . the book itself is great . the price is insane . as i write this in 2011 the information is 14 years out of date . it was published back in 1997 i bought this book new from a competitor back in 1999 for $ 65 which was absurd then , but at least the info was up to date . now it is ancient history . and a kindle version for $ 114 this is just crazy . any kindle version of a book is not a rare book . it does not warrant such a ridiculous original review was written in 2000 which is why the date for the review is 2000 this is an update
2			rendition	excellent	shots	great	lens	great			sigma macro review . this is a great lens . we have taken some great shots of flora and fauna with it , also a few sports shots . image rendition is excellent . we use it on canon 30 and 40 bodies . it focuses quickly and without a lot of noise . we have no complaints at all with this lens .
2			it	awesome	fire	open	works	best			awesome . this cd is one of bob rivers best works ! it was awesome especially the twisted chipmunk song and chipmunks roasting on an open fire .
2			one	next	day	entire	beauty	great	authors	best			libba bray is one of the best authors yet . i absolutely adore her books both a great and terribble beauty and rebel angels . it seems as if it will take forever for the next one to come out . her books make you imagination run wild and it is nearly impossibly to put it down . i am only 16 and i read the first on for an entire day before my mother yelled at me to put it down . i obviously refused and stayed up all night reading the book . the exhuastion was worth it . i must know when the third book is comming out . i have to know what happens . i can barely contain myslef . i love her books so much and it is impossible to describe how goos they are .
2			biography	great	rigger	commercial	format	large	photographs	huge	photographs	black			wow ! great photo biography for older children . the story is so gripping we have read so much about shackleton , and we never get tired of book is a large format with huge black and wite photographs . kids love it ! vocabulary includes dazzling , imagine , rambling , towering , brawl , adventure , solitude , cadet , commercial , square rigger , qualified , frigid .
1			job	solid	movie	worst	one	funny	it	free	it	adequate	movies	different			not my cup of tea . i am pretty easily entertained and have watched countless movies through amazon instant videos . but i gotta say this is definitely the worst movie i have ever paid for using this service . there are obviously bright spot , hammer does a solid job as the silly prince . but with the 2 different snow white movies coming out this year , i expected this one to at least be funny . obviously they try to put it in the comedic vein or genera , but with the job they did , it simply does not fit . if you have any of the higher up channels then wait for this movie to come out on them , if not then wait for a friend to foolishly purchase the blu ray . if it were free i would say it was adequate . just don not use your own money on this film .
2			movie	great	movie	excellent	back	occasional	history	current			a great movie . this movie is excellent . it combines an interesting idea that is enhanced by the cinematographic execution of the narrative . it is a murder mystery with a twi st the movie is played in reverse chronological order with the occasional flash back which is a flash forward in the movie time line that gives you the perpsective of the hero leonard . he suffered a brain injury during a crime and remembers everything before the crime , but after it has no long term memory . he can only recall things that happened within minute or so . this means he has to make notes to give himeself cues and clues as to his current history as he tries to discover who murdered his is a movie you are going to want watch more than once .
2			thing	great	temperatures	different	investment	good			not what i hoped for . all the reviews i read about the exergen thermometer shows that it was a good investment . my son is wiggly so i thought it would be a great thing . it wasnt up to my expectation . he was running a fever so i used it and it keeped giving me different temperatures . i finally used a rectal one and found out his temperature was 102.2 when the exergen was telling me his temp was 100 i would not recommed this product to anyone .
1			fan	worst			worst fan ever . i purchased a lasko fan and it only worked for 1 year . i cannot turn the knob to start the fan . the company has ignored my requests to replace the fan . this is a warning not to buy a lasko fan .
2			read	great	states	united	enclaves	ethnic	book	great			great read . this was an in depth book on how the chinese were forced to live in sf chinatown ethnic enclaves , and it also demonstrates how governments and their departments use institutional racism to scapegoat the chinese when they first came to the the united states great book .
1			songs	old	songs	bad			huh ? the cd's over ? best nap i ever took . ferry , ferry , ferry . what are you doing ! i can not believe that you mixed half of this crap . frist off besides being boring , this complation is the same trance cd with the same songs that everyone else is putting out . with the likes of a genious such as ferry corsten , i expected something more . there are only a handful of songs that redeemed this cd . i m not saying that the songs on it are bad , but rather old and played out . if i have to hear bt's dreaming on one more cd this year , i m gonna shoot myself ! if you truly like your trance to make you get up and dance , check ferry's earlier work on the mos series or check out any of the euphoria cd's or dj tiesto . if you have a hard time going to sleep , this is the cd for you .
1			performance	poor	room	small			poor performance . in even a small room , this did not work effectively . it actually seemed to drop the humidity level . very disappointed .
1			movie	bad			not that good . i love couples , but this book not learn a 's like watching a bad movie and you hold down fast forward hoping to find something i didn not find anything . corey pavin's book and tiger's are much better .
2			book	great			wow . what a great book for any one who deals with marketing or dealing with people in any way . a must read . this is a book you will want to read more than once .
1			taste	bad	i	excited			terrible after taste . i have to agree with the others who commented on the aftertaste . i ordered this because of the reviews about convenience and was very excited to try it . i made cookies with it this weekend and couldn not stand the taste of the batter or the cookie i was hoping cooking would get rid of the bad taste . my husband and daughters didn not mind it , but my son and i couldn not eat them . be aware that this is an item that can not be returned , so try a bag from the store fir st i unfortunately did not .
1			tv	worst	reviews	good	reviews	best			worst tv i ever bought . i have had this tv exactly 13 months and now it spontaneously shuts itself off several times a day . called customer support , but the warranty expires at 12 months so they won not do anything . even if i have a warranty , they require you to send them the tv for repair , and you incur all shipping costs to and from , which for a nearly 100 pound tv would likely cost you a pretty penny . if you do a websearch for vizio tv problems shutting off , this problem comes up a lot . 2 tv repairman offered to fix it for $ 550 $ 300 for the part , and $ 250 for labor but both said due to an overheating problem in the vizio , i would have the same problem in 1 year . i have since bought a samsung which has always gotten good reviews . i would strongly recommend buying a samsung or sony instead . the pictures are spectacular . they are definitely worth the price and they always get the best reviews ! ! ! ! ! !
1			it	amazing	narrative	fun	similarity	visual	i	amazed	evidence	real	method	scientific	science	bad			just bad science . i think it's amazing that an educated person could write something like this , and i would be amazed if any other educated person could read it and not laugh out loud . his narrative can be fun to read at times , yes . but he has completely abandoned everything he should have learned about the scientific method . he systematically confuses anecdotes and visual similarity with real evidence . if you can call what he is presenting a hypothesis , he doesn not present a control experiment or any way to disprove it . i think the fact that this book actually came from somebody with a phd is shameful he is contributing to the idea that science is just a western fad and just another belief you are the kind of person who buys dream catchers , crystals , and magic pyramids , then you will probably love this book . i suggest that if you love this book , you read the demon haunted world science as a candle in the dark by carl sagan and pay attention .
1			book	expensive	experiences	worst	games	worst			one of the worst games i have ever played . in my 30 years of playing video games , xenogears is one of the worst video game experiences of my life . about 80 of the gameplay is slowly advancing through text . and when i say slowly , i mean s . l . o . w . l . y . there is no option to speed up or skip the text inexcusable for a game with this much text . since they have put all their eggs into one basket the story if you don not like the story , you will not like this game . except for a few boss battles , there is next to no strategy involved . if you do decide to get this game , follow a walkthough or use a boss strategy guide , since you don not want to be forced to sit through the same 15 minutes of dialogue leading up to the this game , you are basically buying an expensive book . do yourself a favor save some money , find a video of a playthrough , and watch it instead . you will not be missing much .
2			one	good	blues	great			love the a harmonic minor . i am just learning how to play the harmonica , and for the price , this is a good one to start with . great blues sound and easy to play . love the fact the plastic cases these come in clip together .
2			novels	great	smile	big	memories	great	scripts	old	laugh	good	episodes	classic			great memories . cannot help but reminisce about those classic early episodes . really fun to drop on the couch after a long day and read through the old scripts . if you are a seinfeld fan , you will love to have this book is on the bookshelf in our living room with 100 other books , lots of great novels and coffee table books , but enevitably this is the book that almost everyone grabs . at minimum gets a big smile , usually gets a good laugh . highly recommended .
2			water	extra	brew	great	cup	regular	chamonix	great	water	hot			five years of great brew . i love espresso . however , i usually make what starbuck's calls an americano . this is espresso with extra hot water . usually , i use the max amount of coffe that the machine will hold . i also leave the selector slide switch all the way up . this gives me an 7 -8 z cup of great chamonix makes the perfect americano for my tastes . the only complaint i have is that i like to use a regular sized coffe cup to hold the 7 -8 z brew i prefer . most won not fit under the spigot even with the metal tray / plate , after 5 years i finally have a problem with my unit . i don not know what is wrong but it is dead . it sure has made a heck of a lot of coffe in those five years . i am going to try to use the warranty 10 years on the pump . even if they don not fix it , i would not hesitate to buy another . i may do that anyway so i can have a machine in the basement ! i think i have talked myself into something . .
2			doa	rare	drop	personal	variety	large	price	great	maker	great	it	capable	unit	reliable			great label maker . i really like this labeler . its rechargable , has lots of features and it is capable of using a large variety of label types . i got a great price on this label maker and i have been using it to label everything from servers and network switches to my personal drop files at home . if you need a very versital and reliable unit this should work well for just about anyone . i did have a doa unit , the lcd screen didn not work and rmaing it through brother was a pain in the butt and i just exchanged it with amazon because the replacement process was so much easier . i suspect doa on this unit is rare as some of our customers have this labeler at their locations and all of them work perfectly .
2			game	great	rpg	unique			great game . this is a great game . it has everything an rpg should and is unique in many ways . especially the ring of judgement . it has an intriguing story line and is a welcomed change for any rpg gamer .
2			peggy	great			a great peggy cd . it's a shame this cd is out of print ! this was one of her later recordings and the arrangements and peggy's voice made this one of her best ! rare harold arlen songs given a gentle reading by peggy , this one all her fans should have !
1			quality	poor	i	satisfied no			poor quality . i am very dissatisfied with this product . it has seeds , and they must be removed as the seeds are inedible . there are also stems , which needs to be picked out . will not be ordering from this vendor again .
2			ones	live	cast	great	roles	famous	plus	big	quality	technical	music	great	recordings	live			a must . one of the most famous callas roles and for the reason . this is indeed a classic . cherubini music is great to start with , serafin simply understands it and it shows . the cast is great , but of course above all there is callas in this role which suits her be st for sure on her live recordings of medea la scala and dallas most of all there are parts in which she's even better than on this one , but the technical quality of this recording is a big plus . listen to this one first and then go on to the live ones to appreciate the nuances . no wonder there are no other medeas around , who would dare it after callas ?
1			description	poor			poor description . i bought what i thought was a book . because in the description it says nothing about being an audio book . which would have been fine only if the audio wasn not on cassette tape ! i don not own any device to play these anymore . so i say poor description . still looking for the book . .
2			hair	short	food	great	store	local	bouts	occasional	food	best			great dog food . this is by far the best dog food i have ever used . my dachshund has one of those rare coat colors , the product of a gene mutation , which results in short , very fine hair , no undercoat , and occasional bouts of hair loss when not on the proper diet , apparently . i had tried a number of foods , both economical and higher end , and not one really seemed to work well , as he also has a weakened immune system and digestive issues . i found this product in my local health food store and decided to try it . it didn not take long before his coat was shiny and practically lush ! its the only food i have tried that has done that . its easily digestible they also make one with fewer ingredients that i have since discovered that is great for dogs with allergies and doesn not leave him lethargic the way some brands did . its worth every penny .
2			sound	similar	work	great	phases	various	one	previous			ec has done better stuff , to be honest . eric clapton is , and has been , a staple on my music rack for many years . i have enjoyed the various phases that his music has gone through , until now . there is no doubt pilgrim is filled with great guitar work ec fans expect no less . unfortunately , every track is filled with a drum machine beat , making each song sound similar to the previous one . the first time i listened to the album , it was as though there were only 2 -3 songs , repeated before pilgrim was made , ec did an album of electronica , i think in another joint venture with simon climie . i think a lot of that carried over onto pilgrim , and it's a in all , you really don not need this album unless you are a completist and simply must own every ec recording .
1			movie	worst			blah . expected more laughter out of this . too much drama . was advertised as a comedy . really not very the worst movie i ever saw but definitely on the list
2			topics	important	information	good	book	great	it	great			great for the student ! i am a biology student that is going to take my master's entrance exam in biology . i am using this book to help me review some of the important topics . this book is great . not only does it offer good information , but also it has sample problems and answers to help quiz yourself . if you want to know everything about biology , get this book . it is also great as a handy reference guide .
2			parts	alive	body	new	effects	special	feature	fantastic	helmut	good			head cheese ! a scientist is working on a way to keep body parts alive without a body . enter dr ood horst frank , an evil psychotic with ideas of his own ! he decapitates the good scientist helmut schmid and keeps his severed head alive . this is my favorite part , as the head is shown very realistically alive by itself ! excellent special effects illusion ! there's also the hunchback nurse , who is used by ood , who gets her a new and improved body ! this is a dark film . i love it's cheese factor ! it would make a fantastic triple feature with the brain that wouldn not die and the atomic brain . the head is a classic of horror , betrayal , and revenge . fans of mad scientists will drool ! beware of serum z .
2			construction	durable	case	durable	price	great	prices	available	products	available	case	ok	quality	good			great price . this product represents quality and price . may not be the ultimate , but come's close when comparing prices and products available . construction is durable and lens quality is vary good . quick to focus , but may need to purchase more durable case . case provided is ok if you are just storing at home , not for travel .
2			band	big	standards	great	operator	big	flop	low	it	suck	altitude	high	bands	big			a waste of time and money ! big time operator rehashes the same standards with a lack of pizzaz or energy . they fail to come up to par with even the creativity of most run of the mill big bands . save your money , and buy the bob bregman big band's swing album for an awesome reinvention of all of the great standards . high altitude swing should be renamed as a low flying flop . it just sucks .
2			classic	great			timeless . this is a great classic . this story brings to life the battle each one of us has within ourselves . dr jekyll calls it his dualtiy of purpose . the struggle of good versus evil ; told in that colorful language of classics .
1			sad	bad			not likeing the fustration ! ! ! i have worked and worked and gone over and over all the hints , helps , and made cotact with all the characters and i am stuck in the light house . the telephone call / hints tell me the light house has some oil for the morse code light , but i have looked all over the light house and can not find any oil . and the hits have become very vague . i can not find help anywhere . i advise everybody not to buy this game . it starts out o . k . but then it show some malfunctioning bugs . perhaps that is why it is selling for $ 2.99 too bad . i like nancy drew . for me her games are now suspect with bugs . i will not buy another nancy drew game . too bad , so sad . o well , moving on . . . viviana
2			it	ok	he	happy no	actors	great			incredible . wow , what do i say i give this movie four stars . this is one of my favorite motion pictures . i saw hulk in theaters in 2003 and it was ok but this should have been number 1 in 2008 this is far better than iron man and three times , no five times more entertaining than spiderman 3 or the dark kight . this stars four great actors edward norton , liv tyler , william hurt , and last but not least , tim roth . box office , beware , the hulk is here and he is not happy . one more thing , this is also better than batman returns , spiderman , spiderman 2 and hellboy 2
2			case	clear	product	great	one	hard	thing	hard	product	good	one	available	indication	good	press	different			not great . this product was good , but not great . we ended up buying a different press for about the same price , and we like it significantly better . this one was just too hard to get the patties out , and didn not provide a good indication of how big or well formed the patties are . i would suggest adding measurements half pound , 1 3 pound , etc to the outside , or provide a clear case so you can see that it has been properly formed without , the silicone liner thing was hard to remove and put back in . overall , i would not recommend this one over alternative products available on amazon .
2			size	original	item	great	ones	previous	idea	great	gasket	defective	fraction	small			space bags don not work . i have read another review on this site and completely agree , this item would be great if it actually worked . the problem is , it doesn not , at all . it tricks you into thinking how great it is because initially it does flatten out to an amazingly small fraction of it's original stuffed size , but within several minutes to several hours , it reinflates not saving any space at the first set i purchased had these issues , i contacted customer service and was told to be sure that i didn not over stuff which i hadn not and that i could have a defective gasket . i then saw a set at bbb which said improved . i bought it and had the exact same issue . in addition , any of the previous ones i tried to reuse , now had tears and holes from being stored . i ended up with a total of 9 space bags , none of which work as advertised . again , this is a great idea but these things just don not work . don not waste your $ .
2			book	next	story	great	frog	big	children	young	frog	little			great story for teaching courage and persistence . a big frog and a little frog are out frolicking on a fine sunny day when suddenly oops ! they plop into a pail of milk . they swim and swim and swim until they are exhausted . the big frog wants to give up ; the little frog warns him that to give up is to die . will the big frog heed the little frog's warning ? will they make it out alive ? this book is the first in a series of inspirational children's books from self realization fellowship . it's a beautifully written tale that will hold the attention of young children . the illustrations are pleasing and add to the enjoyment of this tale , which was originally told by paramahansa yogananda , founder of self realization fellowship . i eagerly await the next book in this series .
2			song	good	voice	great			the song is good but she sings out of her nose . i am not dis n the song i am just saying that me and my sis think that she sings out of her nose well that is just are opinon even though she has a great voice i still like the 1 song on her cd well that all we have to go so talk to ya later p . s my friend cass sing real us
2			condition	great	shipping	quick			barbie nutcracker prince eric doll . doll came as was advertised . shipping was quick . he is in great condition beside the slight odor which i am pretty sure i can get rid of . i will be using him as a displayed item with other nutcracker dolls . very happy with purchase . thank you !
1			i	right	ending	bad	fade	happy	facts	new	ending	good	seem	ok	groundwork	little			well written , with a bad ending . as i read this book , i couldn not figure out how it could possibly have a good ending and i was right . i won not recap the plot , others have done that , but the epilog that tried to make everything end nicely felt forced and wasn not true to the rest of the story . new facts were introduced to make it seem ok , but there was very little groundwork laid in the actual story to support it . the bourne identity did something similar , but did it much better . i would have preferred a less happy but more honest ending like the one kyle mills did in his book fade .
2			version	recent	improvement	great	choice	additional			a great improvement . it is noticeably quicker than the most recent prior version . that means that 7.0 is merely miserably slow rather than horribly slow . to death by drowning or fire , now there is the additional choice of death by virtual pc interminable boredom .2008 update those were the days , weren not they ?
2			tale	great	members	new	surprise	real	two	previous	professor	new	read	enjoyable			another great potter tale from rowlings . i borrowed this , the third harry potter book , from my fiance's niece . as with the previous two , i found it a thoroughly enjoyable read . in this tale , harry and his friends ron and hermione find underground tunnels that lead to all manner of adventures . we see some new faculty members at hogwarts , including a new professor for defense against the dark arts who proves to be not quite as he see ms there are several interesting plot twists involving harry and his family , both muggle and magic , that came as a real surprise . as with many books of this sort , i don not want to give away plot details . suffice to say that you will find this book a delight .
2			basket	great	filters	hate	thing	best			great basket , hate paper filters this is the only way to fly ! ! ! would never use paper again , this is the best thing for us coffee people . use rinse reuse rinse use reuse etc
2			read	great			another great read . once again bill myers has produced another great read . once you begin reading it you will not want to put it down .
1			vsmile	regular	we	excited	batteries	new	batch	bad	game	excellent			buy the leapster instead . we bought this for our 4 r old for christmas . we had problemswith the regular vsmile in the past but figured we would take achance on the pocket size and were excited it worked with thetv also . it worked for a few days then shut off in the middleof a game and wouldn not turn back on . we tried new batteries , restart etc i saw the other reviews online about the bad batch and confirmed my suspicions . we returned the game to toysrus and got the leapster . we love it ! with the credit we bought the leapster and dora game which is excellent ! ! save yourself some problems buy the leapster instead ! !
2			it	perfect	band	great			wow . just when you think that american pop rock can not get any slower . think joy division on an american diet of fluff and shallowness . the vocalist tries his best to be ian curtis but the atmosphere and the intensity isn not there . lyrically this album borders on emo because all they are doing is whining about women being mean . aww . naughty women were mean to these two short . this band is great for those who need things to be spelled out for them . which makes it perfect for american teenagers d .
1			familirity	basic	character	main	lord	good	taste	bad			good lord ! a let down considering the potential of the topic last judgement . a basic familirity with revelations might have helped the author out . as it is , this is just a politically correct screed against all faiths with overblown dialogue , a repellant main character , and boring plot . there are attempts for controversy here that are simple bad taste to even agnostics like me . i wish i had waited for the paperback to show up at goodwill . on second thought , wish i missed it completely .
2			gadget	little	it	fantastic			this little gadget works great ! my daughter took this to china with her and she said it was fantastic ! she was in the hotel and needed to ask the maid for more towels and able to do it using this gizmo .
2			alex	awesome	choice	good	snake	good	neil	awesome	it	great	songs	good			much better than sound issues though . geddy is the man on bass he rips through the songs with the greatest of ease . alex and neil are awesome too . the song choice is good featuring some gems like mission , circumstances , between the wheels and a passage to bangkok . there are some times when alex's guitar drowns everyone out . but then again , i have seen them live several times and this has always been the case at times . overall , i would recommend . the snake and arrows songs are pretty good too especially armor and swo rd it's great that these guys are endlessly rockin !
2			fan	huge	cd	great			great cd . i am a huge slaughter fan , and this cd rocks . from the 1 t song all the way to the last song live versions . bands out there just don not make music like this anymore .
1			quality	bad	tapes	new			bad quality of dvd . very disappointed with the dvd quality , it is even worse than any new vhs tapes . even at the first time i played it , some part was not able to play . i wish the dvd / cd purchasing policy covered the case how to handle defect dvd / cd . contents do cover a lot bellet movements .
2			movie	great	dvd	worth no			dvd review . this dvd is not worth buying needs to be remastered very difficult to see do not buy its a great movie just the dvd disc itself needs attention
2			history	fascinating	book	great			sea of cortez . this is a great book especially if you have spent as much time in baja as i have . the recognizable history is fascinating .
1			book	bad			meh . first , i just have to say . waaaay too many exclamation marks in this book at least one usually more on nearly every page . for example , from page 40 hardcover edition blood ! thick puddles in the grass ! but there was no body ! exclamation marks do not equal excitement ! or tension ! or drama ! good , tight writing , on the other hand , does . not that this book was bad , but it did , unfortunately , tend to be a little superficial and cutesy . to put it another way , these characters behave and speak like grown ups think sixteen year olds behave and speak .
1			video	instructional	video	worst			worst instructional video ever . dont spend your money on this dvd . just a couple of guys other kite dvd is better than this one .
1			information	useful	thing	best	maps	poor	information	little			there has to be a better guide to the olympic coa st this book is copyright 1995 and its entries seem to be every bit this out of date . of those i know , one trail re opened years ago is listed as closed ; one trail marked is no longer ; one trail missing has been around for years . i can only assume trails closed for years are listed as open . the maps are likewise poor , missing many details such as maybe half the privy locations i know of and at least one trail where there is none . the trail descriptions look encouraging at first but as i read them more closely provide little information useful for predicting how a group might fare on the a minimum , an updated version of this book is overdue . maybe i expect too much of a trail guide , but it almost makes me wish ira spring had a book covering the olympic coa st on the bright side , the best thing about this dearth of coverage is that it helps keep the coast in relative wilderness .
2			luck	great	n	new			waste of money and time . just installed eight of these valves . brand flipp n new , yet four of them leak . system clean and rings bonnets tight , yet , they leak water pools on top of the valve . i have had great luck with other toro valves 250 series in the past , but obviously there is one heck of a problem with this model if 50 of them leak . will cut them out and replace with something that actually works correctly . come on toro ! i would expect better from you .
2			speed	great	router	compatible no			great speed and distance when it works . i bought the wireless pre n router to use with my pda . most of the time it wouldnt even connect with the pda becuase it it would hang on the getting an ip . even with no security or access control . when it did connect , i did notice a bit of a difference in speed and range . but it seems that this router is not very backwards compatible with dhcp client tables would not update and my computer wired never even showed up in the tables . i have never spent all day trying to get a network to run right . this piece of junk is going back .
2			books	little	students	young	stuffer	great	children	young			a great stocking stuffer or incentive gift . my kids love these little books with magically appearing pictures . i prefer these to the invisible marker books because all you need is a pencil . the topics are for fairly young children , probably not over age 6 i broke up the set to use as incentives for my young piano students .
2			it	good	bestthis	worth	cover	great			much better then some give it credit . this is a rougher sounding supertramp then there later albums but i love the a much younger band and very much so less polished but thats part of what makes it very good . i like all there lps even there newer ones that people tend not to like but i really like the early stuff the bestthis is definatly worth checking outbuy the vinyl lp for the great cover and have fun listing to it also .
1			keys	regular	design	poor	box	small			no room for my car key . the box is too small because of the poor design , it wont even take my subaru legacy key , can not fit a credit card , only for regular door keys i guess , so pretty useless product
1			mamas	hot	boys	bad	crimes	different			hot mamas . adventures of two flying women who stop different crimes while undercover for paramilitary government group . these are no nonsense women who can whip all the bad boys that get in the way along the way .
2			i	disappointed	condition	great			seasons for praise . the book came quickly and was in great condition . i was very disappointed in this book as i thought it would have some banners , ideas , and colored pictures of those items to show the completed item , and it was none of these things . i wish i had gotten something else . this is one reason why i would like to thumb through a book before i buy it , to see if it is what i am looking for and the style that i like .
2			sign	cheap	quality	great	sign	great			great sign . this is exactly what i was looking for . the sign was fairly cheap and is of great quality , i would recommend any packer fan buying one .
2			sets	expensive	look	good	stylist	professional	rollers	hot	size	extra	rollers	reliable	one	extra	rollers	good	condition	great	jumbo	large	jumbo	extra			used these to replace rollers that were extra jumbo size in other set ! okay , maybe i can use the 5 rollers when i travel , but i really wanted to get 4 jumbo rollers to replace the extra jumbo too large ! rollers in my other set that has 12 now i have an extra one and heat it up too ! this was the cheapest way to do it . conair hot rollers are as good and maybe a little better / faster / reliable than all those really expensive sets out there . i have gone back to using hot rollers as these velvet covered rollers seem to protect my hair a lot better than the fancy curling irons . and , i can do something else while they sit in my hair and they are a lot faster than a curling iron . of course , i grew up rolling my hair every night / day with about every kind of roller made . but these sure make my very long hair look really good . and that came from a professional stylist who commented on my do and the great condition of my hair . so , yes , i really like these conair hot rollers !
2			it	innovative	potential	great	sound	beautiful	songs	worth	things	nice			a masterpiece ! ok . this is one of the top 10 records ever made . nothing less nothing more . at the time it came out it was completely innovative . the sound of the whole thing is simply beautiful . bill nelson himself would only disappoint afterwards and even if he had produced some really nice things before with be bop deluxe red noise and as a solo artist , it did not equal this . here he is in a territory all of its own , creating extremely lush soundscapes . the record was no hit surprisingly and he went on to continue an interesting but very very eclectic career . there are a few alternate mixes of some songs that are worth digging up there was a single version of eros arriving that was spectacular and much better than the album version . it shows what great potential was wasted .
1			i	disappointed	today	ridiculous	problems	bad	phone	reliable	ms	proble	i	excited			sony ericsson w 300 . first off i do not have at&t so this has nothing to do with their service . i am on my 2 d w 300 , both of them have started shutting off . the first one would shut off mid phone call , and just randomly at other times of the day . the 2 d one hasn not shut off during calls yet but still shuts off constantly . i had to turn it back on about 15 times today which is ridiculous in my opinion . i got this phone originally almost a year ago and had to get a replacement after about 6 months because of the proble ms the 2 d one has also lasted about 6 months before i got really frustrated . the problems have been really bad for about a month . i previously had a motorola that the microphone broke on so i was excited to get a more reliable phone but i am very disappointed with my purchase so far . i hope other people have better luck with this phone .
2			game	awesome	game	simple	missions	hard	game	realistic	it	great	game	great	amounts	large			great game for anyone . this game is simple awesome . i would recommend this to anyone who loves dinosaurs or even jurassic park . sometimes the missions can be a little hard but it is great . there is not very large amounts of blood like the back of the box might detail and the game is very realistic with everyone . if your a fan of dinosaurs , buy this game .
1			reception	poor			doesn not work well inside . i bought this radio after reading the reviews here on amazon . i bought it to use while working out indoors for all of you women who use it outside every women's magazine will tell you not to wear headphones outside , and the reception was really poor . very loud hissing noises . couldn not get any television stations . further note this was my second radio . the first arrived defective although amazon handled the return very nicely and promptly .
2			product	great	line	hot	friend	thrilled	water	hot			great product , just a little pricey . a friend solicited my help in finding a solution to the long wait for hot water at the master bedroom shower . i found this unit on line , purchased it , and installed it in about an hour . no suprises other than having to lengthen the hot water line coming from the wall to compensate for the length of the pump unit mounted on top the water heater . the cord was even long enough to reach the nearest plug . only a weeks history on the installation , but the friend is thrilled with 5 second hot water .
2			keyboard	great	keyboard	good	sound	good	keyboard	basic			good keyboard for beginners worth its co st good basic keyboard for beginners . great keyboard with very good sound . well worth its money .
2			it	rare	novel	entire	ihave	best	machine	real	discussions	great			fascinating and thought provoking . it is rare to find such a fascinating and thought provoking novel . i was engrossed throughout the entire novel . i believe it is one of the best books ihave read in the last five years . i would definitely recommend this book because of the great discussions it could generate . plus i believe this is a veryimportant novel and i hope it will enjoy a wide popularity for every reason outlined in the book . a truth machine would allow us to stop hiding andhating and begin to learn to understand each other . a real truth machine could save our world . what other reason do we need ? i received anadvanced readers copy from my place of employment , page one book store in albuquerque nm . russell garcia
1			materials	poor	i	disappointed	investment	good no	itself	thin	cord	thin			not a good investment . i just received these ear buds and i am quite disappointed . i do not expect these to last very long at all . the sound is not the problem for me , it's just that it seems to be of poor quality materials . the cord itself is very , very thin so it's already apparent that the wiring is not very well protected . when i put the plug into my ipod if i even slightly twist the plug while it is in the jack i will get a lot of static . not worth $ 20
1			it	weak	tea	worst	decaf	best			terrible . i got this today from wholefood based on all reviews . it is very weak . no tea flavor watery , worst decaf tea i have tasted . even tetley decaf is best decaf tea is barry'sdoes not deserve any star .
1			signal	worst	i	effective no	good	poor	signal	good			disappointed . i was getting a poor to good signal prior to attaching the antenna . have not noticed much of an improvement . access point is on 1 t floor at one end of house . pc with worst signal that i m trying to improve on is on second floor other end of house from access point . wish i could return this but after cost of s&h and insurance , is not cost effective to do so . chalk it up as a lo st
2			occasions	special	cookbooks	best	gift	great	cookbook	great			great cookbook for every cook . one of the best cookbooks ever . it has so many recipes that i have used for years , both for everyday and special occasions . great gift for the newly married .
1			sound	gorgeous	mastering	poor	records	best			sound spoils the show . what should have been a wonderful overview of linda ronstadt's early career is ruined by poor quality mastering , which makes her gorgeous voice sound like she's singing through a brick wall . looks like i will have to fork out again for the rhino records 2002 best of version which reportedly sounds much better . the same goes for volume 2
2			quality	great	find	great	gift	great	condition	great			cassette player . great gift , to a very appreciative grandfather , great condition , perfect size and style , great sound quality and a very great find .
2			it	great			excellent . i have enjoyed my soul food series dvd . if you are a soul food fan you will love it and if you have never seen the series i would recommend you buy it it's great . a story about 3 african american sisters and the triumphs , trials and tribulations of their lives .
2			songbook	great			great american songbook by rod steward . cd arrived with scratch . seller advised rubbing toothpaste in it ; if that didn not work , he would send another . it didn not ; i notified him but never heard from him again . i wrote again , asking for replacement . still nothing . jo
2			product	best	service	great			great service ! love product ! product came on time ! great service ! murad is the best product for skin i have tried every type of product and always go back to murad .
2			movie	great			simply beautiful . part of what makes the movie so great is the soundtrack . beautiful and hauting is the only way i can describe the music which tells the tale of a pack of animals who in many ways are more human than all of us . a job well done .
1			story	bad	book	worth	style	good			after a while . even tas antics gets tiresome . xxxxx . tas was never meant as a solo starrer , in many aspects he has the makings of a supporting cast and nothing more . i really can not think of a reason 2 recommend this book . if u have read my other reviews on other dragonlance titles u will notice i m not quick 2 discriminate or 2 judge , but this book is nt really worth the paper it wuz printed on . very harsh but i need 2 get a pt . across . sorry mary . sumwhat good reminiscent writing . good storytelling style . bad bad story . end
2			product	great	upgrade	worst	it	great	let	total			what a total let down . i have used norton products internet security , system works pro , antivirus and more for years . but now they have really taken a great product and made it so difficult for existing users to upgrade that i think it might be time to move on . this has to be the worst upgrade from 2002 to 2003 of any software i have ever seen . it's great if you have never had it on your system before . but watch out if you are trying to place the 2003 version on your system if you have 2002 already installed . until norton fixes this problem , i m through with norton .
2			thing	bad no	instructions	simple	it	dry	fix	easy	light	tiny	job	great	humidifier	great	thing	little	it	loud no	cleaning	extensive	it	easy	it	bright			great humidifier . i purchased this because it is very dry in the winter in colorado . it is a lot bigger than i thought that's not a bad thing . it is extremely easy to use . just fill up and push the on button . the instructions are very simple . one thing i like about it is that it is ultrasonic it uses a metal diaphragm vibrating at an ultrasonic frequency to create water droplets . it is not loud , and also produces a cool fog . no extensive cleaning needed , no adding bleach to the water , etc it does the job great . there is one little thing that bothers me . the on light is green it turns red if it runs out of water and it is very bright at night . i like my room to be dark and this tiny light really lights up a room . i did cover it up with some electrical tape and now it doesn not bother me . other than the light which was an easy fix , i love this humidifier .
2			airing	original	timing	great	fan	new	series	great			new reba fan . about 2 months ago sitting after work channel surfing looking for something to watch , i stop at lifetime and stumbled across a title i would not seen before . reba & thought oh yeah . i would heard she had a tv show but never caught it during it's original airing . and said what the heck , why not give it a shot ? i have been hooked on this show ever since ! all the characters seem to blend together flawlessly & i never would have thought that such an established music artist would have such great comedic timing ! a great series for the whole family !
2			sonny	great	performances	fun	sonny	live	performances	good			great live sonny boy ii performance . great show by sonny boy . other cd's combine the nine sonny boy cuts here with the ones from the american folk blues festival with a band led by willie dixon and the ones backed by the yardbirds . better choice , if that's all you are looking for . the animals performances are good fun , but not indispensable . the last track is actually going down slow by james oden , best known as by howlin wolf .
1			one	bad	workload	large			worked well until it started smoking . i don not typically review items on amazon , nor am i a jaded customer looking to hurt the company by bad mouthing their product that failed on me . however , the point remains that the product did fail . i have owned this product for approximately 1 -2 years . it has worked flawlessly for that time period although it didn not exactly have a large workload . about a week ago i went to make a protein shake , simply mixing powder with milk . the blender slowed to a crawl and failed mix the solution at all . i lifted it out of the milk to see what was wrong only to be hit with an awful smell . something within the handheld piece was smoking . smelled as though maybe the motor or possibly a bushing of some sort , i didn not open to see . i have given it two stars . the product works great while it works . it's rather quiet too compared to others i have hea rd perhaps i simply had a bad one , but replacing every 1 -2 years leads me to believe i should just find another one .
2			mat	great	looks	amazing			great chair mat . this is an excellent chair mat for hardwood floors . it has a nice felt backing and rolls out for placement very easily . it holds up great and looks amazing ! i love it !
2			gig	great	packet	enjoyable	titles	different			great gig , but it's a reissue of live in london . this is a very enjoyable packet of three show but is just a repackaging of the dvd titled live in like the audio / cd format , there are multiple versions of the same performance with different titles and artwork . at least this version has a photo of steve that corresponds to the correct era . so check your racks , and if you don not own the show , by all means grab it . but if you already own live in london , skip it .
2			seekers	true	beginner	great	old	old			same old same old . first of it's alexandrian it's technically gardnerian and this is primarily gardnerian . as an hps of the gardnerian and nyc branch of the welsh trad in the us , we know what's what if you are in the family . great beginner's book for true seekers back in the 70 s and the basis for many then coming to the craft . just like doreen's work and then later , the farrar's . this isn not neccessarily a how to book for teens , but more for those who have already studied the craft and it's history . a collector's item albeit a repro .
1			movie	hate	it	hate	puppy	poor			christinas` house is terible ! i hate this movie . i hate it because of the fact they have a puppy being murdered . im disguseted that they would put stuff on like that . i liked how it started . but then i noticed how could anybody miss a puppy poor puppy being murdered i hate it !
2			i	durable	addition	great	tool	great			leatherman juice s 2 . great tool ! great edc addition ! i carry this thing daily without being totally distracted by weight or size like carrying the larger versions . has all the tools that i use on a daily basis and is very durable . i recommend this tool to everyone , you need one of these !
2			way	great	concept	great			great concept . i think this book is a great way to introduce beginning math concepts . there is also a section at the back of the book with suggested questions and some activities to further extend the concepts presented . as for comments on the rhyming , i thought it was well done . any of the awkward rhymes were so barely there that i hardly noticed them only because i was looking for them . i felt that it contained enough rhymes to maintain interest but not so many that you are focusing on the rhymes and not the concepts presented .
1			quality	poor			poor quality . this product came with 2 pieces that are warped so the oven door closes too far and the fridge door won not close all the way . the stove / sink top piece is split and the screw holes for the faucet were drilled too small . i would not recommend .
2			masterpiece	great	i	surprised	feel	good	music	good	cd	great	band	great	mood	good	me	crazy			great underground band , great overall cd . i never heard garageland before until i heard their one song get even which was a song my friend downloaded and let me listen too . i heard the song once and never heard anything from them again for almost a year . it drove me crazy as i couldnt find it in any record stores and no one i knew even heard the band before . i saw it on and decided to buy it . i was completely blown away after listening to the album that i listened to it again . it's such a great masterpiece from love song to end of the night . i am very surprised that hardly anyone has heard this band before . the cd always puts me in a good mood and definitely can change my day once i listen to it . garageland deserves all the credit in the world for putting together a feel good album . if you want good music , check this album out and do what the title says do what you want !
2			ratings	great	issue	huge	bars	large	smell	pleasant			drying . unlike the other reviewers , i found it to be very drying after using 2 large bars . my lips became chapped and dry . my whole family had been using it for 4 weeks when even my preschooler and husband started to complain how itchy they were . my skin is oily and it did remove all of the oil and then some ! when i stopped using the bar , my lips went back to normal and we all stopped itching . we are not particularly sensitive or allergic to anything . i really wanted to like this soap , especially since it received great ratings on the cosmetic database for purity . initially , we loved everything about it . over time , dryness became a huge issue . i did give it 2 stars anyway because it does last a long time , the ingredients are pure , and the smell is pleasant .
2			works	great			headphone for cell . this came in time and works great i bought it for my father in law who has a hard time with with ear buds so the over the ear is great for him and its easy to use and understand for him .
2			book	great			great book and movie . have a friend who is going through breast cancer and this book and movie have turned her attitude towards what she is facing around .
2			songs	great	section	good	helping	generous	melodies	great	feiten	live			get the buzz . hey , people , buy this c . d . the buzz is back . great melodies , great songs , great find in vocalist todd taylorthis c . d . should appeal to a good cross section of the adult market . something for everyone , rock , funk , dance all thrown in the pot with a generous helping of country . dreamsville records in japan are bringing out a live buzz feiten & the whirlies c . d . at the baked potato . heres hoping for a release in the states and europe , cheers
1			tribes	native	guys	bad	guys	good	school	high			a saga about our countrys early pioneer days . a fun read , if you like the western themed novels , about the mid 1800 s pioneer days , and the westward expansion of our country if i remember my high school history , that concept was called manifest destiny . has all the basics good guys , bad guys , romance , guns , horses . for john wayne fans , i would have loved to seen him in a series based on these books , with him as the mountain man character , whip holt . some interesting names of native indian tribes and their living areas , which apparently then became names of mid western ciies .
2			it	awesome	goats	good	fi	low	cd	solid			gotta love the mountain goats . it's a good goats cd to start on , no doubt . it's a little more polished than some of his other stuff , but overall a very very solid cd . i personally prefer the scratchy , record sounding recordings that came before , but i love the mountain goats , so even when it's not low fi it's still awesome music .
2			book	entire	it	great	information	useful			love this book . i read this entire book from front to back in 1 day . it was great . full of useful information and makes you feel that you can do this wether your the initiator or not
2			dance	fantastic			a must have ! i am not one for writing reviews . just in it for the music . dance with angels is fantastic ! you pass on this cd and it is your loss .
2			models	great	heater	perfect	medium	hot	models	different	setting	low			used to love it , now not so much . i bought this heater last winter to use in my son's room at night and in the living room during the day . on it's low setting , it kept my son's room toasty warm . medium was too hot . between that and the handles which actually stayed cool , i thought this heater was perfect , but it totally conked out after half a night of using it this fall on the low setting ! i have two other delonghi heaters that are different models that are great . i will buy one of them . i have no intention of spending $ 75 every winter per room for space heaters . ridiculous .
1			look	professional no	habit	nasty	it	tough	way	bad			buy a lot of em if you have to use them . let's face it . if you are shooting with a bracket , you need this device . the problem is it's not well made . i m on my third in a year's time . the hotshoe that hold the flash has a nasty habit of breaking at the base , making it tough to keep the thing on the bracket . that means my 580 x has had a couple of tumbles , which not only puts your equipment in a bad way , it makes you look unprofessional on the job . it was a relief to switch to using gary fong lightspheres and ditch the brackets altogether .
2			story	true	story	great	scenery	great	settings	beautiful	fan	huge	music	great	himesh	believable	arti	humble			wonderful film . predictable probably , but worth it ? yes ! i am a huge himesh fan , but you don not need to be to appreciate the sincerity and genuineness the singer turned actor brings to his performance . besides , there is no harm , is there ? if you appreciate a man who actually honors his word and values respect , then you will appreciate what this film has to offer . himesh is so believable and so sincere , it fortifies all the reasons why one should appreciate his freshman debut in this film . yes , it is a true love story and the settings are beautiful . the songs alone capture you , but so does the performance of this humble arti st great story , great music , great scenery what more do you really need ? run , and i mean run , to see this great love story .
2			couple	married	book	great			awesome book every couple should read . this book is great . the author does not dodge any bullets and tells it as it is . my prayer is that every married couple out there reads and then gets to experience the level of intimacy this book describes .
2			condition	great			sex god . it was exactly as the seller said it would be , book was in great condition , received in an excellent timely manner
1			inaccuracies	technical	choice	bad	level	high	flaws	technical	choice	poor	book	poor			a poor book on ftth . the book ports to provide insight into the ftth technologies and tries to address things at a very high level , however due to the technical inaccuracies in this book it is a very bad choice for people who wants to understand ftth and some of its underlying technologies . just as other reviews stated , the book is unfortunately riddled with typographical and grammatical errors shame on the editor at wiley publishers , which when combined with the technical flaws makes this book a very poor choice .
2			help	little	they	hard no	graphics	great	directions	different	it	hard			still waiting for mechwarrior on the xbox 360 . great graphics , nearly impossible to follow levels . they are not hard just it's hard to figure out what's next . very little help is given , you just end up restarting levels and heading off in different directions hoping to find what your supposed to do .
2			flash	horrible	shots	great	quality	highest	size	hard	use	decent	good	good	blur	major			i really wanted to like this camera . likes 1 nice saturated color kind of over exag . but i like that when camera does get a good shot 2 good for outdoor great light shots but . .3 use of aa batteries and life is pretty decent .4 size of cameramajor dislikes 1 very hard to get any shots without major blur .2 forget using this camera inside . the flash is horrible . please don not bother with this camera inside . you will be very dissappointed . there is so much noise on indoor pictures .3 i have taken close to 600 pictures at the highest quality allowed on the camera . of the 293 that turned out , the mega pixels never exceeded 2.29 mega pixels .4 forget cropping with this camera .
2			treat	natural	treat	great			excellent treat ! i got these as a treat for my beagle , barclay . he absolutely loves them , and they keep him occupied for hours . it's a great all natural treat , i have already bought more !
2			album	great	songs	nice			great album . . when i heard the 1 t single in my pocket i couldnt believe this was mandy , the same girl who came out around britney and j . lo singing candy lol . but it was her she makes an album with more focus and better music , this album has pop and rock songs very nice . mandy's voice hasnt change much you would think it would over the yrs but shes basically still sounds the same shes better than britney ill tell you that . but if you want to get this album you should its fun , its kool , its will make you dance , sing , laugh , cry . its everything in 13 tracks .
1			i	disappointed	director	independent	lieutenant	bad			driller killer . how horrible ! i waited years to see this it's only now allowed to be seen in britain again and was so dissapointed . let's face ferrara movies are 's probably the most over rated independent director around and bad lieutenant his most over rated movie . the only films of his worth seeing are ms 45 and dangerous games only because it's the only film ever that madonna acts well in . budget restrictions aside , this is still grimy , cheap exploitation nothing wrong with that that tries to pass itself off as art . watch it once but don not add to your collection .
1			looks	bad	fan	big	barbies	cool	barbies	cute			come on mattel ! i am all for barbie , but i have to say , this is the sluttiest doll i have ever seen . i have never been a big fan of bratz dolls , but i have yet to see a bratz doll that looks this bad . i think it's sad that mattel feels they have to make this kind of doll to compete with the sales of other trashy looking dolls . the other my scene barbies are cute and cool . this doll is just obscene .
2			intrigue	political	actors	different	addition	great	level	hard	armitage	married	guy	big	guy	married			darn good . while not as good as the first a hard level to match dual matrix is a great addition to anyone's anime library . armitage and the big guy are married and have a daughter , and live with aliases . throw in some political intrigue some what does it mean to be human mumbo jumbo and some oh so tight leather strap clothing / bdsm outfits and that is the movie for you . i would tell you more , but then i would really be giving everything , the english voice actors are different .
1			style	visual	characters	thin	movie	independent	trip	bad	shock	big	ideas	original			overrated , derivate and cliched hype . the writer should have come up with some original ideas instead of copying pulp fiction and so many independent movie cliches 1 drug heist gone bad 2 road trip to vegas 3 white people who wanna be black 4 big rave scene 5 shock of gay charactersdespite its visual style and energy , go had no theme or message . its characters were paper thin and seemed to have be floating along without any parents why didn not she just ask dad to borrow the money ? most overrated movie of the year ! !
2			books	great	it	great			great for readers on the go . with 6 books in one card it's great for a quick break , long trips , or if your stuck waiting for someone or something . they are also great books . i never read any m . c . books before i purchased this . only minus i found were minor grammatical errors . hence the 4 stars instead of 5 it's possible it's just the card i have or my palm doing it . nothing major though .
2			menus	easy	reception	great	receiver	great			great receiver ! having an earlier hdvt with no receiver this is a must have for me . it gets great reception and supports the 1080 resolution well . the menus are easy to use and it works flawlessly . i would recommend this unit .
2			artist	great	gymnastics	vocal	it	pleasant no	songs	good			shrill screaming from a once great artist . i bought this cause i was told that aretha had finally returned . i was sadly misinformed . she tries some vocal gymnastics but it's just very unpleasant on the ears . save your money and buy some of her older atlantic albums before her voice went south and when she recorded good songs . disappointing , and i wish i had saved my money and bought a jennifer holliday cd .
1			joke	bad	it	different	star	extra	fan	true	nothing	perfect			6 stars . five stars are for thom yorke's perfect solo debut . nothing is perfect in this plane of existance so this is as good as it gets . i pre ordered it on amazon so i could listen to it a few weeks before it was released . the extra star is for amazon who provided that service . if you like radiohead and you give this cd a chance it will grow on you . it is that good it deserves 5 stars and it is a must own for any true fan of radiohead and / or thom's amazingly expressive voice . one star reviews of this are a bad joke from those who just don not get it or refuse to give it chance becasue it is different and who wants the same ol sh t anyway ? ?
1			cinema	new	entertainment	poor	graphics	horrible	graphics	good	entertainment	little			do you like cubism ? if you don not , buy a dead hampster instead . well , for all of you cube fanatics , this is a must get . the graphics are horrible ! ! oh no , the rohan rider's head is square ! ! he has been deformed at birth ! ! wait , what was that ? oh , my mistake , his head is square on purpose don not ask me why . nothing in this game is round at all . blizzard nerds were too busy drawing the cover to actually make good graphics . poor little bilizzard entertainment was too poor to come up with money to get a permit to use new line cinema's character photos . so instead they come up with all of these square representations instead .
1			it	worth no	system	worst			crap . this is the worst operating system ever . it is worth at most 20 , not 100 . if you can afford this , you might as well buy windows 7
2			book	rich	i	curious	i	glad	interpretation	great	team	great			what a great team of actors ! i read the book and i loved it . i was curious how the movie would be since the book is so rich in scenes , in legend . then i saw the film and i must say it's incredibly well done honest , great interpretation , beautiful images . i m glad i have it !
2			trend	hot	trend	new	read	informative	read	enjoyable	framework	instructional	book	best	book	great			great book & got what i paid for . this is the best book i have read yet on teaching reading . routman bases everything she says on an instructional framework called the optimum learning model . every single teaching practice is evaluated to see how it fits in that framework . this is so helpful because it enables me to see the hot new trend as it is a piece of the puzzle and not the key to end all reading troubles . this is an enjoyable and informative read . i purchased the text used and the description said it was in fair condition with lots of highlighting which is exactly what i got .
1			filler	good no	album	great no	fan	die	dissaster	total	albums	best	fan	hard	stars	ridiculous	song	best			sorry . but all those 5 stars are just ridiculous . think every die hard barbra fan knows this is not a great album and trying to safe what can only be discribed this total dissaster of an album . i am a barbra fan since a star is born . loved the song prisoner eyes of laura mars to death , enjoyed her donna summer duet still and think guilty is one of the best albums ever made . guilty pleasures ? ? what the hell went wrong . the arrangments sound cheap what's with those 80 s and not in a good retro way synth sounds . barbra's vocals sound lifeless yes there still is a voice , but what's a voice when the feeling touch is gone ? and the songs are just , well . let's say . the best song in this album would not even be a good filler on the original was my most anticipated release of this year and i m disspointed beyond . well everything . this album has the sound of has been all over it . sorry barbra . this project will sell well , but doesn not deserve to
2			yngwie	great	i	excited	fan	huge	cd	worthless	stuff	good			you guys need to open your ears . what is everyone talking about ? i m a huge fan of jason becker , and i am always looking for music that is equivalent to jason's . in fact i came in contact of this cd because i let my friend borrow a becker cd . anyway i was excited about geting to listen to this cd because all of the good stuff i hear about yngwie . but , when i sat down and listened to the cd i noticed yngwie's music is the most overrated guitar vomit i have ever listened to . i will say that yngwie is a talented musician . and i will say i did like a few bits of this album . altogether though this cd is just worthless . the composition of his music is just blah , and he has no variety . if you have heard about how great yngwie's music is i suggest you listen to some of it before you go by one of his cds . you could be very disapointed . for the yngwie fans that read this review i suggest you should try some becker and wake up .
1			horrible	horrible	book	excellent	stars	negative	movie	awful	piece	worst			horrible horrible don not bother . save yourself the money and get the torrent . this movie is awful . how did they ever get kris kristofferson to be in this film i have no clue . it's the worst piece of filmmaking trash since candyman 2 i read the book and the book was excellent . i wish i could give negative stars .
2			horse	old	communication	great	job	great	software	additional			are you sure your printer is supported ? this server worked great to connect older laser printers . no additional workstation software is needed . i had an old hp 1020 work horse and this server did a great job for simple one sided printing . in this simple situation this is a great print way communication needed for an hp ink jet , hp laser jet and epson ink jet won not work and complex printing won not work . before you buy this be 100 sure your printer is supported and the type of printing you do will work .
2			player	solid	price	good	bargain	great	value	best			great bargain , great for gamers . i love this dvd player ! this is the best value , it comes with a case , every cable you will need , two sets of headphones , and a headphone splitter to make two headphone jacks ! i am a gamer on the road , and so i used its a / v ports a lot ! if you want to play games with it though , find a female to female a / v adapter to connect your system to the player . i highly reccomend this to just about anyone who wants a solid dvd player for a good price !
1			album	worst			worst album ! led zep worst album ! only for die hard and blinded fool led zep fanatical fans , need i say more ?
1			book	original no	purchase	worst			my worst online purchase experience . ughhh . the book was not what he described . the book was not original and i had lots of problems to return the book
2			story	great	story	suck	book	great			great book ! excellent book . the story has you eager to read on and on . easy read that really draws you into the story and bind with the characters . heart wrenching at times . the author does tend to get a little carried away describing what the characters are wearing but not without color . that is the only draw back . this story is a great story that really sucks you into the times and places . and it can make you hungry !
2			apples	great	seems	hard			not what i expected . i admit i have been out of the loop for a while on the hip . i loved up to here . one of my two most favorite albums of all time . road apples was great too . this one . just seems hard to listen to . maybe it will grow on me . just very . chaotic .
2			product	great			great product and timeliness . the product worked as advertised and my kids installed it . just that easy . came in just a couple of days . this is how e commerce is suppose to work !
2			st	general	desire	little	attachment	emotional	deal	great			started so well , ended so poorly . the first book in the series created a wonderful fantasy world and characters that you could care about and enchanter and on into starman , sara spends her time destroying the characters you have come to care about and leaves you cheering for gorgrael as everyone else , except possibly faraday , have degenerated into vile individuals with little or no redeeming qualities . this leaves the reader with little desire to read on and no emotional attachment to the characters other then general disgu st i am an avid fantasy fan and can forgive a great deal but sara's own assassination of her characters makes this by far the poorest fantasy series i have read . i dont normally write reviews of the many fantasy books i read and mostly love but the last two books in this series were so bad it made me throw them out in hopes i might spare someone the misfortune of picking them up .
2			pigs	healthy	pigs	happy	reference	great	information	correct	info	solid	book	great			solid info , great reference . the guinea pig handbook is a great book not only to learn about piggies , but can also be used as a reference so it won not collect du st as another amazon member stated , you should not use balls for guinea pigs because their spines are not that flexible , and a guinea pig should have at least 7.5 square feet in a cage , but besides this , the information is correct and very detailed . plus , there's quite a few cute pictures of cavies ! this is great for an this book and access to , you have all the resources you need to have happy and healthy guinea pigs !
2			talent	glad	range	vocal	justice	great	luck	good	tone	glad	talent	great	i	amazed			fabulous . fredo frenzy is here , like it or not ! i have known michael for years , and have known of his talent for a long time as he was a soloist in a choir i directed . i have always been amazed by his vocal range . smooth tone and great talent and now am glad to see that he has done something with it . this time around is a catchy tune and michael does the song great justice . good luck michael and don not let the nay sayers get you down . you are da bomb and you will do well . get this time around while it's still around .
2			show	great	show	best	shows	crap			one of best show of hbo ever . carnivale was one of the best show around and it is shame they only did two season of to date . this for only 20 00 just around up folks , is steal for such a wonderful show . some shows are crap and most of them are , but this was a great show .
2			addition	great			dried cranberries . these cranberries have a wonderful texture and flavor . the will make a great addition to my trail mix and sugar rolls .
1			load	worst	book	bad	writer	good	names	new	television	bad	book	horrible			never to nora . my mother lent me this book , she thought i would enjoy . ha ! it was the worst load of garbage . if this was her early work she should have left in the box ! is she hard up for cash ? the plotlines were all begged , borrowed , and stolen . the characters were square which means not developed roundly . the sex scenes were overplayed or underplayed depending on how you tumble . her male voices were lacking . she couldn not even find new names for the characters had to borrow them from other authors . i have never read any of her other books and now i certainly never will . i m told she is a very good writer , so shouldn not she have known better than to publish this drivel ? my brain / senses need s a day of bad television to wash the haunting memories of a bad book away . even matlock reruns would be better ! i know that sounds harsh , but gosh , this book was really truly horrible !
2			finish	gorgeous	guitar	awesome			looks nothing like the picture . this guitar would have been awesome if only it was a gorgeous mahogany finish like pictured in the listing . i received a drab , ugly , sickly looking wood guitar that has no sheen or shine . the wood is much , much darker than what is pictured . it makes me rethink online never get what is promised .
2			age	golden	town	real	series	great	tv	great	threat	constant	season	good			one of the great series ! hbo in the early 2000 created a golden age for television . one of the shows in this golden age was deadwood . a western based on the real town in the dakotas is a work of art . based partly on truth and mixed in with fiction , seth bullock comes to town to begin a business with his friend sol starr . he soon finds himself up against an evil saloon proprietor named al swearengen . in this season , seth finally admits he loves alma and discovers his wife has come to town at the same time . he devotes himself to his wife and stepson and turns his back on alma who is now pregnant with his child . al in the meantime is witnessing the changes in the camp such as the introduction of the telegraph . other characters are going through changes also . joanie stubbs opens her own brothel and sy tolliver seems like a constant threat . a very good season of a great tv show . thank god for what hbo once was .
2			product	easy	product	great	flavors	different			great for kids ! this product is great for kids and easy to use . i would recommend this to anyone because it uses simple ingredients . my kids loved the taste of the different flavors .
2			insight	great	commentary	political	commentary	fantastic	speeches	famous			fantastic political commentary on the reagan white house . it would be an understatement to say that peggy noonan was a fly on the wall of the reagan white house . her book shares her innermost feelings and thoughts on being ronald reagans head speech writer . if you are a fan of ronald reagan you will love this book . noonan shares great insight behind some of reagan's and later president bush's most famous speeches .
1			song	good	cd	great no			okay , but not that great . the cd is not that great . i has one good song on it world of our own making . i will give it that much . the rest of the songs sound so similar that they really do not stand out and get your attention . i fell asleep while listening to it . it is an okay cd , but the vocals lack in emotion .
2			movie	great	break	nice	it	great	metal	heavy			yumm . it was great ! a nice break from the heavy heavy metal i like to listen to ! i recomend it to rockers all over the world ! my fave song on here is human torch . a great movie too !
2			i	impressed	amplifier	great			great amplifier ! i bought this and put it into my system . i am very impressed with the sound quality and power of the unit , especially in this price range . would recommend to all .
2			read	great			great read . i loved this book . i read it when i was younger i read it and i found it the other day and reread it . i am 19 now and still loved every chapter
2			it	fantastic	sky	clear			satellite on a bike ! ! ! this product really isn not that bad ! except when you ride under trees the signal goes in and out , but in a clear sky it's fantastic .
2			condition	great			came on time . i bought this book for my uncle and it came right on time before he had to travel . he has not read it yet but the condition of the book was as stated and in great condition .
2			lyrics	amazing	charlotte	good	cd	awesome			gc rocks ! ! i love them ! ! this album rocks . this cd is totally awesome . good charlotte is magically on their instruments . joel madden has an unbelivable voice . the lyrics are amazing and trueful . everyone will find atleast one song on this album that speaks to them personally and just brightens up their day . promise if you like awesome instrumentation , vocalists and just an all around awesome time . this is definately the album and band for you .
2			book	great			this is a wonderful book . a great book of survival , intelligence , and friends who need each other to survive . hughes has a wonderful knack for making up stories .
2			price	low	guitar	new	quality	high	tone	classic	tone	great	wireing	black			classic silky tone . easy to instal with simple black and white wireing . sounds great , classic strat tone and then some . i used it in my neck position for a vintage replacement but got more than i hoped for . excellent pickup for replacing or new guitar project . the output and tonal quality was high , and the price was low , thanx dimarzio ! !
2			book	awesome			amazing . this book is so awesome . a thirller from the very begining ! a masterpeice that you can not put down . would recomend to any reader . will suck you in by the turn of the first page .
2			quality	high	price	great			one of the greats . this is one of those movies i tune into anytime i see it on tv . decided it was time to buy it . sound and video is high quality . super fast shipping , and a great price .
2			parricia	usual no	ending	great			great ending . parricia corwell , cruel & unusual was breathtaking in the beginning ! her relation to her family , her dedication to her work exeptional . however , this story began to get boring towards the ending , not too great .
2			opportunity	great	island	exotic			best of martin denny . great opportunity to hear the best of martin denny . i feel like i am on an exotic island while listening to it !
1			placement	bad			handle is bad placement for controls . i love this hair dryer . unfortunatly the way the controls are placed on the handle , i freqently shut it off or change it to a colder setting .
2			toy	great			my daughter loves it . this is a great toy . my daughter loves it . it teaches animals and letters of the alphabet . the fact that this is a train has little to do with the way this is actually played with .
2			guy	great			hmmm . don marquis is one of my most respected philosphers . he does not allow prejudice to muddy his waters of wisdom . no seriously though , hes a great guy . i have talked with him a few times before . he is a straight shooter knows how to put things elequently and succintly . dreams and dust is something everyone should read at one point in there lifes .
2			buy	great	idea	wonderful	it	worth	day	new			a great buy . i think the idea of a dvd single is wonderful and for what you get with it there's no doubt that it's worth the money . not only do you get the music video but also the making of the video , the making of the album , the making of have you ever been in love and a photo gallery set to the remix of a new day has come . i hope they make a dvd single out of i m alive . that's my favorite song on the album .
2			series	best	fictions	great	series	great			well . its about time . i think that the actual concept behind charmed is what appeals to us the mo st this is one of the best series that can be compaired to that of other great fictions such as harry potter and stargate . i do recommend this to anyone who has an interst is the occult and the mysterious . a great series and above all very facinating .
2			wilton	great			wilton is great . this pan is a lot of fun at christmas time ! i love to bake , but do not get to as much as i would like , but wilton is always great !
1			character	main	example	bad	story	entire	life	entire	blah	tedious	fear	reasonable no			tedious reading blah ! i thank god that i am not , nor do i know anyone , like the main character , maddie . she was more immature than her 8 o daughter emily , a bad example to mothers and wives everywhere , and an uninteresting character as a whole . this entire story revolves around the what will the neighbors think ? mentality . maddie lives in unreasonable fear of what her mother will say about what she does and is in such denial of her entire life . even c . l . 's unbelievable claim of hopeful love couldn not save this book . the one star was for jennifer crusie's effort and actually getting this book published .
2			looks	great	look	great			looks great ! only wish these were about four inches wider , but other than that they look great and add a lot of whimsy to a room while not spending a lot of money . would buy another in a heartbeat .
2			schedule	new	part	best	purchase	great			so helpful ! feeling a little better already . after getting a new work schedule that required starting at strange hours i would been feeling sleep deprived and on edge all day . even when i had the chance to sleep i couldn not , having stress dreams and waking up multiple times a night . this cd has helped so much ! after just a week , i already feel calmer and more alert during the day . listening to the tape before bed helps me relax and focus on the moment , instead of worrying about the morning . i sleep better and feel significantly more relaxed when i wake up . and the best part is it takes no time at all , since the time i use to listen is time i would have spent trying to fall asleep anyway . it literally adds time to my day . i strongly recommend it , a great purchase !
1			it	horrible	routine	good no	it	loud	moment	worst			techno music jarring and hideous wakes you up at end ! i really liked this cd and i was able to go deep the first time listening . i put it on at bedtime and almost fell asleep . at the end though , she goes through a waking up routine you feel more energetic , your ready to wake up feeling refreshed , etc which brought me slightly back , and means it's not a good bedtime routine which is unfortunate for me as that's the time i have dedicated to this project . and then , after waking you up . bam ! this weird , awful techno mixed with halloween music starts , and it's quite loud compared to the volume her voice was at . talk about every cell in my body getting twanged and irritated ! i really wish i would have seen the other person's review about the ending music . it's horrible . the worst atonal music i have ever heard , at the worst moment possible . yuck .
1			husband	poor	characters	main	heroine	funny	twit	complete	i	interested			please read this review ! ! ! ! before i give you the usual do not buy this book blah blah blah understand that i have only asked for a refund one of the time i can not be bothered to try and ask for a refund when a book purchase turns out to be a mistake . but this read the sample and thought the heroine was going to be funny and outspoken . she was a complete twit . seriously , there's this part in the book where she rescues her poor husband of 40 hours ! from his mistresses bed where he was tied up naked and about to be tortured . and her naivete allows her to be unable to understand that he was going to cheat on her . i stopped reading after that . need i say more ? on a side note i was extremely interested in one of the side characters more than the two main characters . typical .
2			book	great			fantasy lover . when i realized that this was a prequel to the night pleasures , i had to have it . and i wasn not disappointed . the emotions kenyon drew from me with the love story between julian and grace , the friendship between grace and selena , and the love / hate realtionship julian had with his family , had me laughing , crying , and even yelling . this was a great book and the series seems to get better as it goes along .
2			rock	solid	rock	good	they	good	album	solid	return	great	asylum	classic			very solid album , great return for the gang from minneapolis . i saw these guys for the second time live this past summer , first time was 10 years ago on their dim light tour , and they still rock . this album is their first in 7 years candy from a stranger was their last . still classic soul asylum , with excellent rock songs like stand up and be strong , and many others that slow the album down to a more acoustic feel . yes , soul asylum is one of those 90 s bands that had a monster album in grave dancer's union and has had difficulty following its success , but hey , they are good . fans , get this album if you don not already have it , its good solid rock . enjoy . also , they do have their best of twintone years out as well , with their more gritty fast punky sounding music on it , very different sounding from their stuff post grave dancer's union .
2			cup	great	ms	proble	idea	great	fan	french	one	new			great idea but flimsy product . i have been a french press fan for years . i own several size presses , some glass , some stainless steel carafes . as i travel , i wanted to ensure i could always have a great cup of coffee . i found two proble ms . one , i got a lot more grounds in my cup than in any other press i own . two , the plunger broke in less than 20 uses . rather than buy a new one . . i tossed and switched to an australian gravity press . i don not get the coffee oils i adore so much . . but no grounds and a better cup of coffee than drip .
2			album	great	songs	great			side a excellent side b fair . help is still a great album because the songs from the movie are great . the problem is the weaker cuts like tell me what you see , act naturally , you like me too much and its only love . these kind of bring it down a little . im sure theres people out there that disagree with me , but honestly you know that this is not the beatles at their be st
2			rides	great	game	awesome	part	bad	part	best	park	huge			roller coaster tycoon . this game is awesome ! the first time i played it i was totally addicted ! icouldn not stop playing it , it's my favorite computer game i ever rides you can make are unbelieveable ! you can make , roller coasters , water slides , go karts , graviton , bumper cars , and i can not name the rest of the rides there's so much of best part is trying to beat your obbgective , some are easy and some are hard and even funner ! the coolest part is building a huge park with tons of great rides and the custermers and the money kipes on rollin into your only bad part is kiping your park clean , safe , under controle , and kiping it really you like simulating games you will love this one .
2			product	great			great product . it really does polish your face and make it glow . use no more than twice a week because you don not want to over dry your skin . anyone who wants a glowing complexion , give this a try !
2			binding	terrible	book	great			great book , terrible binding . i m using this book for a quilt making class that i m taking . my classmates and i all really enjoy the book , but by the second day of class , every single one of our books was falling apart , pages coming right out of the you are serious about using this book , consider taking it to kinko's and getting it spiral bound . otherwise , you will be missing half of the pages within hours of opening the book for the first time .
1			i	wrong	i	disappointed	design	poor	mine	defective	design	atrocious	armband	new			poor design . after reading the few reviews i saw on here i thought this would be the armband that would do it for me . boy was i wrong . the design of this armband is absolutely atrocious . i like the velcro strap but the fact that you put your ipod in a rubbercase that can easily slide out is a joke . i put the ipod into the rubbercase and slid it into the holding area on the armband . i then simulated a running motion and watched my ipod gradually slide out of the holding area . no i wasn not simulating a full sprint , but rather a jog . i could tell if i was at the gym and just walking around , i would hear a crack and see my ipod on the floor . maybe mine was defective but there is absolutely no stability when the ipod is in the holding area of the armband i purchased . i am very disappointed in this purchase and will be looking for a new armband . by the way i own the 30 ipod video . shipping was spot on so kudos for that .
2			game	exciting	move	next	cities	new	vs	good	game	great	marks	short	plant	new			excellent strategy game . this is a great strategic board game based around the concept of buying power plants , fueling them , and using them to power cities . this may sound a little dry , but not in practice at makes the game exciting is its economy mechanic . the plants are all sold at auction , so their prices change . also , all the fuel for the plants rises and drops in price due to player demand . managing these two things , as well as expanding to new cities , makes for a game where you have to carefully consider your next move . do i need a new plant , or can i make do with my existing ones ? should i go nuclear , or is the market on fuel already cornered ? can i block another player from expanding ? there's a lot of good player vs . player interaction , unlike some eurogames where you feel like everyone is playing solitaire . also , even if you fall behind , the game is built to allow you to make a comeback by giving the currently lowest scoring player several advantages in short , top marks .
1			disaapear	bad	son	old	investment	best	toy	best	it	easy			this is the best toy ever . i bought this toy for my almost 4 month old son and he loves it so much . i like because it is easy to put together . i didnt even need my husbands help this time . i put my son on his back and he kicked at the rattles and dangling objects for at least 20 minutes , and it made his bad mood disaapear real loves the colors and moves his eyes along with the star and flashing is the best investment ever .
2			ones	great	you	interested	album	wrong	bucks	extra	ornella	incredible			right singer , wrong album . if you are interested in this album because you heard the title song on the soundtrack of oceans 12 you have discovered one of italy's most loved divas with a career that spans decades and wealth of albums to explore . unfortunately this album is one that has not aged well . in order to get this song along with more of her great ones , i reccomend le piu belle canzoni di ornella vanoni which is a double album and well worth the extra bucks . ornella is incredible and you have only just begun . enjoy .
2			venue	live	they	awesome	supplement	great			queen at the bbc . this is a great supplement to the first two albu ms this really lets people know what queen sounded like live . but not in a live venue . it's still a pity the 1974 & 1977 bbc sessions still haven not been released . they are quite as awesome too .
1			product	bad	phones	new	it	bad			don not buy this it's a waste of your time and money . this is a very bad product , i got it for my birthday and i thought it wasgreat . well think again . it is very bad first of all my headphones snapped in half after about 3 days of use , and trust me that's not i got some new head phones and tried it the music came in fuzzy andweird , then i decided i mine as well play the games so i played games for a few months on it then i tried to use it one day and it started doing things by it's self . so i fiddled around with it until it worked . then i played games on it for a few weeks until it needed to be charged . so i charged it , after i un plugged it however , the menu button wouldn not work . and the thing in it's self started doing things on it's own again ! ! i hope you will not buy this worthless piece of junk .
1			rpger	experienced	engine	worst	game	pretty			please dont bore me . any game can be pretty , but give me a rpg with some backbone . if you take away the useless , repeative , and ocationaly humorus dating that occures , you have a 65 pound wanna be blacksmith that thinks he's gods gift to woman kind , and the and i mean the worst battle engine an experienced rpger can conceive of . personally i dont want to play a rpg that makes me dread every battle that i encounter . i sold my copy half way though the first disk to a freind for $ 5 and i think i ripped him off . dont bother .
2			nellyville	great	masterpiece	next			nellyville is great . this was great as a country grammer fan i loved his nellyville and can not wait for the next masterpiece
2			you	free	day	great	step	great	computer	old			a slick piece of technology . no complaints so far . bought this g 5 imac about a month ago and was first pleasantly surprised at how easy it was to transfer my whole user and applications from my old computer . apple has really come up with a great step by step way to help with your migration . connect a firewire cable , select what you want transfered apps , user , settings , etc , the computer does the rest and you are home free . day to day performance has been great .
1			movie	suck	effects	special	eyes	good	video	worst	budget	low	quality	low			worst video game turned movie sequel ever . there is absolutely nothing good about this movie . too many characters , many of whom rain , sheeva , kabal , stryker , and more die before doing anything , some before even being seen ! very low quality , obviously fake special effects , and low budget . example when liu kang knocks barraka into the fire , if you have good eyes or a freeze frame dvd , you can see , plain as day , that it's rain being knocked into the fire . they used the scene where shao khan kills rain again to save money . i can go on , like when raiden is about to fight the three ninjas , but only fights two , or when they don not even use a stunt man with the same color hair as raiden . in short this movie sucks .
2			tightness	phenomenal	songs	phenomenal	belive	available	cd	great			makes a great music cd . the video and the audio are distracting to the point that i won not watch it . the songs and the tightness of the band are phenomenal . a cd i belive was already available . great to listen to but not what i bought it for . i agree . it is a flawed product . they need to fix this .
1			operation	poor	tapes	old			poor operation . the rewinder works , only if you stand over it and hold the top down . otherwise , the video slightly comes up , making it impossible to self rewind . i guess there just isnt a quality rewinder any more for old video tapes .
2			product	great			a great sleep aid product . i used to sleep only 3 to 4 hours each night . when i wake up , i used to take a half tablet of ambien to help me make other 3 hours . it was kinda a torture when i wake up very energetic after 3 hours during the night , then force myself to sleep again with the help of the ambien . in my way of looking for an alternate solution , i found deep sleep , and i decided to try it out . since i used this product , i can do now 6 or even 7 hours of sleep in one shot . i take one pill one hour before i go to bed , then i take another pill immediately before i go to bed , and that's it . for almost 4 weeks now , it is working great .
2			mind	creative	album	great	moods	hard	reviews	previous	talent	true	talent	lyrical			underground hip hop ? very subtle and awesome ! he absolutely dipslays true lyrical talent amongst other talents in this album , slower and some faster style stream of thought lyrics are displayed nicely over inventive is a great album to own , brings you through some moods that are hard to reconized in most music , but he touches that part of your creative mind and throbs it with such talent and dignity that you will not be dissapointed ! it is hip hop , regardless of some of the previous reviews . very tastefully done .
2			book	easy	advice	great	books	similar	information	useful			simple and very practical . mckee does something in this book that can rarely be seen in similar books he gives great advice with simple instruction without a lot of fluff or extraneous material . the book is easy to read and packed with useful information no matter what area of ministry you happen to be in . these tools will help you to develop relationships with anyone , from preteen to serior aged adults . i highly recommend this book to you .
2			lakes	great			a great great lakes story . as life long canoeist and a fan of the boundary waters canoe area wilderness , i enjoyed following pierre's journey as a member of a voyageur brigade . the characters in this book ring true to the spirit of the time , and the well paced action keeps the story moving from the beginning to the end . i enjoyed both the realism and the theme of affirmation .
1			service	worst	order	late			i do not recommend . i was very displeased with a 1 s service . this is probably the worst service i will ever get online . i don not recommend business with them & below is why 1 . the orders take too long before they are shipped , 6 days in my case .2 . the orders take too long to reach customers , which postal service takes 14 business days to ship items from nj to another state in the u . s ? i never received the book after all 3 . there are no contact details whatsoever on their website , what business gives customers a fax number & not a phone number ? 4 . when you email them with a query from their website , they take long to respond of which the order would be already late reaching you 5 . poor , poor service that's it .
2			graphics	great	animation	terrible	line	great			terrible . i m writing as a lover of all movies , for the young and old , sad and the funny . i am watching this now , and i m nearing the end , and i have to say that this is the cheesiest , most boring movie i have ever seen , it reminds me of treasure planet , but i love treasure planet ! lousy voice acting , lousy jokes , i would not recommend this to anyone , i watched speed racer yesterday , another well , disappointment , but that's another story , great story line , great acting by some , terrible animation , even for a kids movie , unlike this movie though , surprisingly great graphics , i would give this a 4 10 at be st
1			genre	specific	quality	poor	rent	low	video	loose	movies	worst			do not waste your time on this one . this should barely be considered a documentary . its more a series of trailers put together as some sort of a give away promo video from low rent video label front row entertainment . probably a loose video from a horror genre box set . front row is a company notorious for putting out some of the worst movies in a really cheap quality releases . this is a ep mode video that doesn not even run 30 ins if i remember correctly . one might expect from the title that this is some sort of tribute compilation video like the ones that hammer horrors studios had done for them on each specific genre . however , this is nothing of the sort . you will get some scenes from steven king movies haphazardly strung together and shown in really poor quality . there are no interviews with stephen king nor any narration . if you are looking for something on stephen king definitely look elsewhere
1			news	good	headset	best	news	bad			good , but battery died . the good news functionally , this is the best headset i have ever owned . it fit well , i could hear callers and they could hear bad news the battery was supposed to provide 7 hours of talk time . i never got more than 6 minutes . i m returning it to amazon , hoping to get a refund . since a number of other people have reported this same problem , i m giving it one star . evidently , logitech has serious quality control problems with this unit .
2			pages	final	them	stupid	writer	great	writer	new	pages	next			took a left turn for the worse . i slogged through the first 50 pages confused and not really seeing what direction this book was going . then thouroughly enjoyed the next 300 pages thinking i would just discovered a great new writer with an interesting recurring character , dectective jimmy paz of the miami pd . but in the last 100 pages the author took such a drastic left turn that it ruined the book . gruber took an extraordinary amount of time steeping each character in realism by doing so much research on his topic that you really believed the the characters . but then he chucks the whole thing with an absurd ending that starts way too early . the final 100 pages are not based in reality making them just plain stupid . and for that reason this book deserves to be panned .
1			product	bad	remote	new	price	high	product	expensive			bad product at high price tag . i bought the tv in 2005 in 2006 the remote went bad , i waited 6 weeks for the extended warranty company to send me a new remote . the remote died again 2 weeks ago . without coverage it would be cheaper to scrap the tv than to fix it . all in all a very bad and unrelable expensive product .
1			it	useless	workmenship	poor	fit	loose			loose fit . i do not recommend this item due to it's poor workmenship . it worked fine when i first put it in , but it was a very loose fit . when i took it off to try to adjust it , i could not get the screw back out because the screw sheath had broken free from the housing . i can not get the screw out or reinstall it because the plastic piece is in the way . so it is useless to me . a waste of money .
1			everything	true	experience	bad			fried within 3 months . i m normally not one to take the time out of my day to write a review for something but i feel that if my bad experience here might save just one person from blowing their money the time is well spent . everything that everyone else has said about this being a piece of junk is true . i was fortunate enough to get less than three months out of it before the screen turned into an hour glass shape and the colors got screwed up . i called one of the service centers nearby and they said they were no longer dealing with apex because they would not honor his service bills and parts took forever to come in if they did at all . i have talked to apex numerous times when i finally get through to them and they also lie to me and will constantly try their hardest to hang up on me . i m about two seconds from working to turn them into the bbb . there has to be some kind of consumer protection we can use .
2			guy	tough	it	funny no	day	dull	comedies	great	day	interesting no	it	hard			a dream team that turns out to be a snoozer . father's day writers lowell ganz and bobaloo mandel wrote great film comedies such as splash , city slickers , parenthood and a league of their own . and father's day director ivan reitman made gems such as stripes , ghost busters and twins . with zany robin williams and billy crystal in lead roles , how could father's day turn out to be so dull and not even interesting ? i don not know , but the story seems little more than a bunch of ideas for a film thrown together , as if there was not enough time to iron out the script before shooting the movie . oddly , the athletic robin williams plays the softy while the runt billy crystal is someting of a tough guy in father's day . it's hard to believe and , more to the point , not funny . about the only refreshing aspect of the film is nastassja kinski , whom i had not seen in a film in more than ten years . not that kinski has much to do in father's day , but her brief , wasted presence is the movie's sole redeeming feature .
1			day	next	reliever	natural	gel	great no			not just for sore muscles ! jason's mineral gel is not only great on sore muscles , it works on insect bites as well . dab it on mosquito and ant bites and the pain and itching go away . i don not even have a sign of the bite the next day after using just a bit of the gel . highly recommend for a natural itch reliever !
1			purchase	bad			don not buy it ! embarrassing present . i bought this dvd for my parents for x mas 2003 and about 5 months may 2004 later it doesn not work . because i bought them this dvd player , they went out and bought dvds for it . they had to replace the broken dvd player in order to play their dvds . i am so embarrassed , i feel like i cost them money by making such a bad purchase .
2			movie	great	movie	scary	one	great	movie	good	it	hard			lisa's reviews . great movie me and my husband enjoyed it . it is hard to find a good scary movie these days and this was a great one !
2			toys	great			great . this toys is great . just one thing , if you have more than one kid . get two sets of this awesome blocks
2			overview	good	film	great	film	real			vietnam movie . this is a great film which goes through the whole vietnam conflict . it hits the highlights of the conflict with the use of letters from the soldiers , music , and real film footage . my students find this movie to be powerful even though it is one of the last topics that is discussed in class for the year . there are some swear words i always warn the kids in advance but in the context of the letters the students understand why they are there . i would recommend this movie to anyone who wants a good overview of vietnam .
1			school	famous	biography	short	one	worst	games	important	oponents	famous	chesswise	rich	ones	best			totaly dissatisfied with this book . i have a lot of game collections / biography chess books in my library , considering the best ones life & games of mikhail tal and i play against pieces by svetozar gligoric but , belive it or not , this kramnik one is the worst i have encountered with . every game is tipically anotated as quick fix for some second rate chess magazine , without any wish for explaining itself or its background to the reader . and authors own biography is just short of unexistent , although it is known that he had a rich life chesswise , before going on top working in famous botvinnik chess school , playing junior games against famous oponents of today etc its a shame , and i hope that updated version would be much frendlier and filled with important games played in last five years , and with extended biography .
1			it	heavy	design	poor			poor design burned my counter . the stand for this iron is not sufficient to have the top sit off the counter . because of this , it left a burn mark on my counter . also does not have an auto shut off feature and it is heavy by comparison . love the 2 & long cord , but will be trading for a safer version .
2			looks	great	me	wrong	bit	little	looked	different	rubber	little	it	flimsy	steel	typical			don not buy a glass one . i was looking for a cocktail shaker that had a little bit of style . just something that looked different than the typical stainless steel . don not get me wrong , this cocktail shaker looks great . which is why i purchased it but upon receiving it , the little rubber around the lip that creates the tight seal was already busted when i opened the package ! it is so incredibly flimsy ! even if it arrives in one piece , it will most likely break within a few uses with my broken seal , the shaker leaks like crazy now . unless you don not mind shaking cocktails over your sink , look elsewhere . i did some reading online . the experts say that glass shakers can not create the seal as well as stainless steel shakers can . buy a stainless steel one !
2			novel	great	book	hate			i just don not didn not get it . ok , so it's an oprah pick . woo hoo . i picked up this book , because she said this is the great american novel what i found was , that i hated this book . who are these people ? why are they so miserable ? and why are they making me miserable ? the only reason that i even bothered to finish this long winded , trite piece of . is because i paid for it . i will say this , mr franzen is a talented writer . perhaps it is to his talent that i did dislike these people . regardless , this book just went on and on and on . i m not really sure where it ended up . don not bother , but if you must , go to the library or wait for it to come out on paperback .
2			it	essential	accessory	great	pocket	small	it	small			great accessory . what else can be said about this . it works , is small enough to carny in a small bag pocket , and essential for night photography when using a tripod . i have used it for group photos as well .
1			book	magical	people	good	people	bad	personality	different	ways	different	side	bad			into the cold fire review by diana . this book is about a girl who might be endangered by a groupd of people who is after her . these group of people are bad people who try to bring good people to the bad side . this book is a magical book with girls who have powers and they are trying to fight the bad people away . i liked this book because each character has a different personality and different ways to handle things in situations dealt together .
1			maker	worst	krups	happy			cold coffee . this has to be the worst coffee maker around . you have to drink you coffee as soon as it is brewed . if you wait even a couple of minutes , it will be too cold to drink . if you add milk to your coffee , then you might as well add some ice cubes and drink an iced coffee , since it will be like drinking cold milk , the coffee does taste good the first cup thats luke warm . you will make some executive at krups very happy if you buy this machine , since someone should lose their job over such a poorly made device .
2			it	awesome	facts	true	chick	main	points	good	niece	great			grate movie . i have seen this movie 1 1 2 times . and i just wanan say it's awesome ! and it's so true that buddy christ is so sumthing those catholics would it's got alot of good points in the movie from the bible that the catholics tend to hide . also , since the main chick in this movie is jesus great great great great great great great great great great niece , it just goes to show that jesus did have bro's and sisters ! but that wasn not a surprise to me , since i read the bible . something supposed christians tend not to this didn not get 5 starz cuz there were some parts that were offensive to me . being as i m a all in all this got a four . and i would recomend this movie to anyone , but there's too much swearing . although if there wasnt , i know lotsa ppl who would appreciate the true facts from the bible in this movie !
2			timer	great	minute	reliable			minute timer . great minute timer . counts down and up and is very useful for cooking , timing exercise routines , etc i recommend this product a a reliable minute timer . i have several and only have had a problem with one disfunctioning .
2			it	nice	handful	small	read	great	classic	true			level 7 a great read . i read this book in 1967 while living in japan as a son of a navy man . of all the books i read as a kid , this is one of a small handful i have remembered through the decades . it is so nice to see kindle picking up the classics of old . this book was written at the height of the cold war , when the usa and ussr were just moments from pushing the button . this book follows one soldier and his life underground during the time leading to war through its aftermath . it is a true classic and a must read .
1			i	wrong	they	bad	performance	poor	sound	poor			so far two coby purchases and both poor , poor performance with sound quality . first i purchased the tv and when i received it , the sound was so poor i had to purcahse speakers with hopes to improve . my 9 tv had three times the sound . so i purchased coby speakers thinking they would compliment one another . i was wrong . i originally had 10 watt speakers hooked to it . the coby speakers were 75 watts . the 10 watt speakers blew the coby speakers out of the water and they were bad . never , ever will i purchase another coby . lessons learned .
2			issues	real	poet	great	talent	special	poet	contemporary			great contemporary poet . reading denise duhamel was inspiring as a reader and a poet . she deals with real issues and has a special talent for women's issues . i especially enjoyed her poem for the one man who likes my thighs . she covers so many issues in just one poem self esteem issues , societal pressures on women to look like models , and loving yourself for who you are . the depth of each of her poems equals that of for the one . . and i highly reccommend this collection .
2			they	good	bargain	great	value	great			great value . i purchased these on clearance for around $ 30 really a great bargain . they are not quite as lux as the 500 tc sferra sheets i bought at neimans , but they did cost about $ 300 less , and they are almost as good . took off one star only because they wrinkle pretty badly out of the dryer , but worth the sacrifice .
1			acting	bad			unthinkably stupid . while watching this movie , the acting of any one else except samuel is bad , not emotional , no ending . the movie just falls apart completely in the last 5 minutes , how recommended at all .
2			buy	great	stand	easy	stand	sturdy	set	easy	levels	various	range	large			solid and easy . this stand is very easy to set up and also sturdy . the instructions provided are a little vague , but accomplish enough explanation to allow a easy set up process . any adjustments are easily made and the 8 padded ends stop it from scratching the floor , walls , or pianumber it grips the floor nicely and also grips the piano nicely . on top of this it has a large range of settings which allow for comfort whether standing or sitting at various arm levels . a great buy as long as the weight you ned it to hold is under the maximum .
2			classic	great			all my sons . perfect casting and an all time great classic that closely captures the essence of arthur miller's play .
1			product	poor			poor product does not work on jeep wrangler sport . if you own a jeep wrangler sport 2004 please do not buy dorman 689 -200 it does not workmanship !
2			product	nice	reviews	fantastic			no miracles for me . after having read all of the fantastic reviews on this product i decided to try it after having tried a few other products specifically aimed at combating ingrown hairs including tend skin which i found pretty useless . i have now used all of my bottle of princereigns and i m afraid my ingrown hairs haven not improved much at all . it's a nice product to apply just after shaving as it soothes the area but if you have serious ingrown hair issues like me then save your money !
2			rosemary	light	breadsticks	fun	tastes	particular	writing	great	box	identical	rosemary	noticeable			used these while on hcg protocol . i bought these to use as part of the simeons trudeau hcg weight loss protocol because they are so much cheaper by the case than by the box in the grocery store . of course , the case is more than enough for several rounds of the hcg those who are searching for grissini for the first time these are probably the actual breadsticks that simeons refers to in his book . i have visited italy and this alessi brand was in all the grocery stores that we shopped at in rome and further north . even the box is nearly identical to the ones in italy , except the writing is in italian there , of particular flavor tastes great . the rosemary is noticeable , but very light and pleasant . they are not noticeably salty . the breadsticks are crispy and fun to eat . my family loves them , too .
2			sound	great	dvd	ultimate	look	nice	sequeland	good	sequel	good			good sci fi sequel ! arnold schwarzenegger , linda hamilton , edward furlong androbert patrick star in james cameron's 1991 sci fi sequel . a cyborg is sent from the future to protect a woman andher son from a liquid metal assassin . this is a good sequeland i still have the ultimate edition dvd , but decided toupgrade to this . i was concerned before buying it afterreading reviews about the grain issues . there is some , but i have to say most of the film is clear as can be , colors look nice , sound is great and there's interactiveextras . it's definitely a step up from the dvd and probablythe best it's going to look & sound for now considering thefilm is over 20 years old . i recommend this and if you stillhave the ultimate dvd , keep it for the extras if you like thatsort of thing like me .
1			cd	bad	beats	similar	thing	worst no	album	worst			great . not , this album is the worst thing i have ver hea rd they bring in other rifts or similar beats from the white blood cells . this is their worst album . it picks up at the end but it doesnt help any . this is just a bad cd . i wouldnt buy it if i had a second chance .
1			picture	technical	picture	great no	spankin	new			love this ! brings back my childhood memories d arrived brank spankin new , factory sealed and everything . no technical proble ms picture is great , definitely not boot leg ; rescue rangers !
2			ms	proble	product	great			great product . works great had no easy to install . i work at a factory and i have 2 of these connected to my exact sirius the home kit which makes a total of 121 ft of cable and no proble ms .
2			story	excellent	animation	excellent	characters	excellent	story	great			excellent anime . great story and characters and the animation is excellent ! even if you don not like anime give this one a try . definitely one of my story of saiunkoku , vol . 2
2			way	great	adults	young	example	great	adults	interested			love it . i saw this on tv and bought it for my class . it's a great example of experiemental archaeology brought to the public . i actually bought this to show my class , as i thought it would be a great way to get young adults interested in how archaeology can be used outside of academia . it's also a very fun show as well as having interesing information .
1			it	dumb	version	bad			what ? maybe it's just because i don not usually watch anime but i didn not really like this movie . it was kinda dumb if you ask me . i did like the anime ninja scrolls , this movie kinda reminded me of a bad version of ninja scolls .
2			additions	good	comer	new	work	best	additions	new	cd	greatest	hits	various	rhythmically	similar	differences	noticeable	cd	great	maria	new	quality	high	day	popular			i love it . this green day greatest hits cd contains various hits & singles from their 1994 to 2000 releases , totaling up to 21 tracks , 1 hour and 43 seconds . there are two songs , however , that are entirely brand new maria and poprocks & coke recorded just a couple of months before they released this album . but fear not , these new additions are good and do belong on this mood on this cd varies from song to song . though some songs tend to sound similar rhythmically and / or musically , the differences are noticeable . in fact , that's why green day is so relevant to this day . their sound is consistent , yet somehow managing to remain fresh . whether you are a long time fan or a new comer to green day , you will enjoy and cherish this cd . it is simply their best work up to their 2000 warning album . 21 awesome songs for one sweet price how cool is that ? buy this great , high quality cd , and you will see why green day is so popular .
2			cable	thin	sound	great	headphones	great	cable	good			sound is great but cable is no good . i buy these headphones and i like the sound , is great but the cable that provides panasonis is very very thin for me , i think that this cable isn not at level of the quality panasonic's
1			images	poor	filters	special	file	new			not even close to adobe elements . i used microsoft picture it for 2 years , and recently purchased adobe photoshop elements . there's no comparison ! i wish i had switched to elements a long time ago . picture it downfalls include poor quality jpg images a memory leak that that caused the picture it to slow down with each file save , with the delay becoming several minutes after about 5 file saves . painfully slow when displaying thumbnail images when choosing a new file . i purchased adobe elements for about . a month ago . what a difference ! the program loads files faster , performs modifications faster , has many more special effects filters , and doesn not slow down with each file save . thank you , adobe ! good bye , microsoft !
1			book	different	waste	complete	book	worst	book	good			worst book . my 2 1 2 year old loves to read . we have 2 bookshelves full of books from several authors . after reading this book , i can say without hesitation that it is the worst book on his you want a good book that is different , buy sugarbush spring . this was a complete waste of money .
1			core	soft	book	worst	books	interesting	porn	boring	books	entertaining			possibly the worst book i have ever read . this is by far the worst lkh book i have read and possibly the worst book i have ever read ! while the past two merry gentry books have been somewhat interesting and entertaining , this one is nothing but soft core porn that is incredibly boring and repititive . if i read how somebody's skin glowed or sparkled one more time i may have vomitted . and the ending at first i thought that my copy was missing a chapter . it just ends ! you are left wanting the time back that you spent reading this awful book . i used to be a lkh fan but no longer .
2			football	great	way	good	faust	wrong			not good not bad but why did they lose so big . an interesting read for a notre dame fan ; but never a plausibe explanation for why notre dame lost so big under faust who seemed like a good way overmatched for that job . the last 30 years or so seems to show one thing about nd football , they hire the right coach ara , devine , weiss ? and they win big . they hire the wrong coach faust , davies , etc and they lose big . faust obviously loves the school feels like he loves the school more than he loves football which is great for an administrator , but not for the head coach of the team .
2			series	mysterious	same	great			faisal . the quality of picture is great , same for the sound fx . the series is mysterious in a very attracting way !
2			i	glad	workout	great	workout	good	one	hate			not like his others . i love crunch videos . i have also enjoyed tae bo and boxing videos before because they are a great workout . i hated this one . it was slow moving in the begining and very unbalanced . once you got to the second part , the people behind him were on auto pilot without any cuing from billy . after five minutes of standing there and trying to figure out what was going on , i shut it off and did one of my crunch videos that would guarantee a good workout . i was glad i rented this from the library instead of wasting money on a disappointing video .
2			sound	great	singer	great	song	great			a great song by a great singer . this is a great song that has a great sound to it jessica simpson proves that just like on her other single i think i in love that she will be around in ten or even twenty years from now unlike her other those other teen singers . so if you enjoy jessica simpson then you should buy this single now it is agreat song to dance to i bought it myself and i played it for a friend of mine who is more into rock than pop but even he admitted that he like the song and he can not stop singing the song he even said he was goona buy this single so there the proof if a rocker can enjoy this song so can any pop ; t just sit there buy this single now you won ; t regret it .
2			edition	amateurish	work	great	it	fun	scholar	classical	edition	portable	johnson	correct			amateurish edition , unworthy of a great work . it's great fun to see a portable edition of the would ixonary as thackeray's headmistress called it . however , this edition from the purveyors of the upscale office furnishings catalog needs a lot more editing and polishing . the greek in the derivations , for one thing , is atrociously copyedited , replete with mistranscribed letters and spelling mistakes , and completely missing accentuation . this is unforgivable ; johnson , though no classical scholar , tried to be scrupulously correct in his greek spelling and accentuation . johnson's english orthography is mostly updated to 21 t century conventions , except when it randomly isn not . the introduction says no updating has taken place . this is not true . there is no information given about the editor , or his methods , which makes the whole work a bit suspect . there are much better editions of the would ixonary out there . please , find a better one !
1			buy	bad			just for looks . really good looking apart once we started to use it . i need 9 more words to submit bad buy .
1			guythis	main	guythis	bad	movie	worst			yeah . as plainly as i can put it this is the worst movie i have ever seen in my life . keep in mind , i have seen zombie 4 after death ! ! silly beyond belief with the lame inserts of the video game footage , the wretching acting i wanted them all to be killed and the stupid , crazy over the top main bad guythis movie . i cant even believe anyone paid money to have this producedstay away , or you will smash your face into a wall in hopes that the blinding pain will force you to forget what you just watched .
2			principles	general	examples	small	it	great	book	good			a good book for the beginner who knows the rules . i like this book . it's great for beginners wondering why they can not get through the opening without getting crushed . purdy's guide provides dozens of rules of thumb . follow these , and you will usually get at least beyond the also has some middlegame and endgame tips , in addition to lots of small examples . purdy's prose is fluid and disarming , neither condescending nor placating , the downside to these rules of thumb ? purdy does not explain in much depth why violating these rules can hurt your game . but for a beginner , does the reason matter ? you will enjoy the game more if you follow the principles . i suggest reading this book before going on to seirawan's wonderful and personally genuine winning chess series . seirawan concentrates on piece mobility and tactics more than on general principles . there are more reviews under an older edition , sub titled first steps to fine points .
1			reader	great	software	bad	writer	bad			great reader , bad writer . some of you are probally confused about this product since some are giving 5 stars and others 1 star . well i will tell you right now why . because the burner will destroy dvd's if they have certain file types . the one's giving 5 stars didn not use those file types , or just blame their software . its not like im using bad software , i have used nero 6 and 7 those work perfectly with other drives . don not blame the software , as many reviewers have . the problem lies in the can read the most scratched up disks , it can write cd's perfectly , but it can not write a load of movie files ! the only way to get around this is convert the movie file to another format , and if you have to buy software to do that , its already more expensive then better drives . not to mention the loads of time wasted and lack of quality / space suffered when converting a file . treat this as a dvd / cd combo drive . reads dvd's , writes and reads cd's .
1			fulghum	bad	forms	various	messages	positive			a very hard book to read for an animal lover . those who love this book are obviously not dog lovers . fulghum recommends doing like the thais and eating dogs . he bemoans the amount spent on companion dogs instead of criticizing the millions spent on pursuits that have nothing to do with loving another creature . instead of reviling love in the form it takes when we love our dogs , he could have put his energy into eradicating various forms of hate . i was forever discouraged from reading another book by fulghum , which is too bad , since i think he has a lot of positive messages , too . i just don not get what he hoped to accomplish by that brutal assessment of dogs and those who love them .
1			sales	bad	material	good	content	real			bad sales pitch . this book seemed devoid of any real content . it seems the author spent most his time writing about how good the book is and why the reader needs to buy more copies of it . there is some good material in it , but only enough for me to give it two stars .
2			story	brilliant	movie	great	setting	brilliant			great movie ! really funny and interesting ! love all of the characters ! the story and setting are brilliant and none of the dialogue is cheesy !
2			cleaners	great	i	pleased			great lens cleaners . i have used these for years and have always been pleased . they can be used for glasses , camera lenses , binocular lenses or anything you want cleaned . i consider this product to be very helpful .
1			defoe	terrible	wax	hot	acting	bad	guy	poor	pornographic	little	it	bad	movies	worst			pornographic and bad acting . this is one of the worst movies i have ever seen in my life . i saw it once and i don not care about seeing it again . this movie is a little pornographic , to warn you . the acting was also terrible defoe tries to sound erotic when he was with madonna but he sounds like he's acting poorly through the sex scenes . madonna looks like she was about to laugh when she poured hot wax on the poor guy . the only thing i learned about from this movie is the s&m other scenes i would just put in the trash because it was so bad . i don not recommend this movie to anyone at all .
2			band	classic	durst	pathetic	nails	great			this generation's spinal tap . when my friend told me that the great nine inch nails with teeth is bundled with these nu metal has beens here , i almost had a heart like fine vintage wine being sold with some cheap generic coke is the anti bizkit , a classic alternative band with integrity and yes , i did listen to this garbage at a listening post in music cd should be under bizkit is turning into generation y's spinal tap . again , its pretty pathetic that the only way rappin freddie durst can sell records these days is to hang onto trent reznor's coat tales .
1			piece	poor	performances	bad	direction	amateurish	criticisms	liberal	reason	good	piece	terrible	reviews	positive	inquirer	funny no			i agree with the top critics at rottentomatoes . i agree with the top critics at rottentomatoes . they gave it the lowest rating possible 0 of them gave it a favorable rating . and for good reason , variety poorly made indie production has a script that feels like a list of ripostes collected over the last several years to liberal criticisms of the us . the whole enterprise feels far more agenda than entertainment driven . philadephia inquirer an american carol is about as not funny as a comedy can get . film journal international forget about politics for a moment . carol is first and foremost a terrible piece of filmmaking , marred by bad performances , cringe inducing dialogue and amateurish direction . the only positive reviews of this film on amazon are from folks directed here from right wing blogs to trick people into buying this poor piece of propaganda . don not be fooled !
2			game	great	usein	easy no	play	fun	graphics	good			great game once you get the controles down . this is really a great game . the graphics are pretty good the game play is intence and fun , but the controles are quire aque rd its not easy usein the left analog stick to go forward backware and side to side and the right analog stick to tern and look up and downand to punch kick jump and crawl with the l and r bottons . but once you get use to is you will be able to dodge a guys fire wile kicking his buddy in the head with ease wile at the same time recharging your health and drawing your wepon all in the same motion . to wrap it up i would recomend this game to any one who like fast paced action in an anime style area .
2			book	entire	country	foreign	thriller	great	story	short	editing	good			a thoroughly disappointing read . i was looking forward to reading this novel . i had read the sneak preview and enjoyed it . it hooked me into what i thought would develop into a great spy thriller . however , after i had purchased the entire book i found that the end of the sneak preview is where the story ended . the writing was very good but cumming never developed a plot . i read the book to the end but some most pages i only read a sentence or two . the book is long winded and lacks good editing . it seems like a short story which has been developed into a novel . sorry charles . having said that though i have subsequently read a foreign country and thoroughly enjoyed it . so keep those novels coming .
2			illustrations	good no	you	interested	illustration	next	it	great	looked	cheap	it	impressive	edition	new			don not buy ! this books illustrations are dated and not very good . i only bought it because i seen , fashion illustration next in the bookstore and thought it was great . i went on amazon to find it and this looked cheap to add so i did thinking it would be equally as impressive . i got it today , and am returning it today . unless you are really interested in how much fashion illustration has progressed within the last 6 years buy the new edition , and leave this one in the discount bin .
2			it	worth	book	great			great book . this is a great book . it will break your heart , but it's worth the read . make sure you have your supply of kleenex close by !
2			book	great			color play . this is a great book on how to use color . it tends towards the artist type rather than the ho hum type .
2			kinds	different	writer	good	sensualist	great	detail	rich	it	stunning			dreaming of you . i don not read any romance novels except for lisa kleypas , a strange habit i picked up when she came out with her first now out of print makes a point to explore different kinds of love , and she is a great sensualist , and can be quite older work is so much better , it's stunning . it's as if all the rich detail she used to put in her early books is too much effort , and now we get the barest , sketchiest description . she's actually a good writer , but if you have never read her before , try dreaming of you .
1			scenes	short	complete	realistic	scene	complete	reviews	poor	scenes	good	price	good	scenes	different	downside	least	fireplace	various	repeats	noticeable	scene	short	lamp	good	reviews	good			good price and picture quality . scenes too short . i recently bought this dvd for a christmas party , primarily for the fireplace scene . before purchasing , i checked various other fireplace dvds ambient fire , virtual flames etc . the reviews for this dvd convinced me to purchase image quality which received poor reviews on other dvds is very good . the fireplace scene is realistic , complete with popping and crackling sound effects . the lava lamp and goldfish scenes are good also . the microwave scene revolving pizza is the least downside is that with 20 different scenes on the dvd , each scene is very short . the fireplace scene is only 5 minutes in duration , for example . each scene auto repeats but on my dvd player , at least the pause when a scene repeats is noticeable if you are paying attention . i would rate this 5 stars if it had only 4 -5 scenes , each lasting 20 minutes , rather than 20 short scenes .
1			you	stupid	disgrace	complete	movie	worst			only i could give it -5 stars or at least 0 . . some movies are meant to entertain , some are meant to dazzle , while others dramatically film embarasses the hell out of you after wasting your money on it ! what a complete disgrace to the film buisness ! ! what comes to mind after viewing this abominable waste of time and money ? i will let you figue that one out if you are stupid enough to get this ! do not get it ! ! spare yourself the frustration and embarrasment you will feel after watching my advice ! ! seriously , this is the absolute worst movie i have ever even come close !
1			production	amateurish	parts	identical	sound	bad	it	difficult	editing	different			like a home video . the almost amateurish production of the dvd initially did not bother me although it may bother some ! what i found to be most disappointing about this dvd is that the two parts basics and headaches are almost identical . why bother calling one basics and the other headaches if there ie almost no difference if there is . it should be explained to us ? the order of the moves are changed ever so slightly and one is 3 -4 minutes longer than the other . the producers did not even bother with two takes , just edited one take and placed under two different editing overall is not good , the instructor starts explaining one move and then the editor cuts to another move . the sound is also bad , it is difficult to hear the instructor . overall , if this was a home made video a friend of mine had passed on to me , i would have probably appreciated it . but not as a dvd for which i had to pay this amount of money !
1			science	false	i	glad	read	bad	science	real	name	low			trashy and worth the paper it was printed on . i thought the book would explore some of the false science behind the concept of cryonics using real science and skeptical review . i should have know by the title that it was knee jerk and emotion based low brow name childish and poorly written . if anything it has turned me twards the idea of cryonics since the arguments put forward by both alcor and the cryonics institute are actually very sound and obviously much better articulated by the people who propose them . i am glad i didn not pay full price for this was a pretty bad read !
1			looked	fake	they	suck	acting	bad	horror	good	films	modern	movie	boring	one	big	films	hate			piece of crap . wow this is horrible ! the acting was so bad and it wasn not even scary ! why the freakin hell did they have to use cgi for the scene with the deer ? it looked so godawful and fake ! the movie altogether was just boring and cliched and the filmakers who made it should be shot ! i hate these modern day horror films such as a lousy remake of dawn of the dead that barely even had any shocking scenes to get rated r ! when it comes to making horror movies hollywood sucks the big one ! hollywood stop making these ! they suck ! leave good horror to people like stephen king clive barker and george romero ! heck even rob zombie makes better horror than this piece of monkey crap ! i recommend the devils rejects instead of this ! it's so much better ! skip this crap ! leave it to hollywood to screw up the horror category !
1			work	creative	work	greatest	acted	bad	budget	low			outrageous ! call this movie low budget , cheesy , bad acted , childish , anything you want ! it simply has a magic that wont let go of soundtrack is expectacular showing off the greatest creative work of queen . this is my most prised dvd of all . long live flash !
2			ending	weak	ending	great			scream 4 . great ending is a bit weak for a wes craven film ive watched this a bunch of times already .
2			episodes	great	luck	next			fringe was one of a kind . kudos to those people that wrote these great and exciting episodes and who chose these wonderful actors to play the different and sometimes quirky characters so well that we fell in love with them all . i will miss my friday nites curled up watching the next luck in detoxing from the high of this thrilling show .
2			way	great			a great way to understand poeple in organization . i am an organizational consultant and human resources professional . i found out about this book in my master of arts program in organizational development . this is a fun , simple and incredibly accurate way in which people play out roles in organizations based upon status tops are the owners , presidents , ceo's , etc , middles are middle managers , and bottoms are the workers . you have seen this drama play out . barry oshry helps you understand it and work with it .
2			i	disappointed	actors	good	it	difficult	hopes	high	air	great			tuskeegate history deserves better . i was so looking forward to seeing this movie and was really disappointed . i had such high hopes for this movie that the let down was partly because the movie was so poorly directed . i was most offended by the producer / director using 1940 s jive talking and making these great air men look like idiots . if it hasn not had subtitles , it would have been difficult to understand the actors . i am white and i respect the tuskeegee air men who finally had their chance to make a difference during world war ii . i can not help but wonder how these good actors felt delivering these corny out dated lines ; they must have been offended as well . the tuskeegee air men were a credit to our country , their race , all their awards earned and they deserved to be recognized as the excellent air men that they were .
2			look	strong	book	great			this book may not be for all , but great for some . i think some people who have looked at this book say that it is a waste of time because it is common sense . well , all success in life to some extent is exactly that ! common sense . one person reviewing it said women chased after him once he became healthy , lifted weights , the authors spoke about improving your physique in the gym , being confident , and sometimes people can be drawn to you , but this book can encourage you , i think , to be more assertive , conscious of the singles you send , how you talk , dress , present yourself , and i thought it was an eye opener that women liked jerks , because they look strong , and women want to feel protected . the men present this illusion . i do think genetics does play a role , but i am not one to leave everything to simple genetics , the power of the mind has to do with it , and they try to give you the tools . sometimes it is too much , but they have got me thinking .
2			price	bad no	looks	great	weight	constant no			not a constant weight . arrived timely and not a bad price . looks great . problem , the weight can change within 5 minutes . not just a few ounces but sometimes a whole pound . not consistent at all .
1			star	generous	artist	young	pictures	pretty	i	willing	book	poor			very poor book . since i ordered this for a young budding artist , i was willing to wait awhile until it shipped . what a disappointment this book is not at all what i expected i imagine i should have been warned by the price . there is almost no instruction about drawing horses the pictures are pretty but they will not help in actually learning to draw horses . one star is almost overly generous for a learning book .
1			book	worst	i	disappointed			worst book ever . i purchased this book based on the reviews and because i have read and enjoyed annette blair books in the past witch series . if i could give minus stars i would ! ! i have never been so thoroughly disappointed with a book ! i felt like i was reading the same chapter over and over . i disliked both the hero gideon the obsession with pregnancy and nursing too creepy and the heroine sabrina what a money grubbing b . i certainly do not plan on wasting any more money on the rest of this series of books ! !
2			love	good	quality	outstanding	story	great	story	dramatic	i	hooked	you	disappointed no	storyline	excellent	treat	real	story	romantic			romantic , dramatic , action packed love story totally hooked ! this review is from a non speaking spanish person and one who does not like vampire movies at all , but loves chayanne . gabriel is such a great story , once it starts to play , you find yourself being captivated , it has a way of drawing you in and never letting you go . i am totally hooked and have only made it thru the 3 d episode . this is such a good love story and chayanne does an excellent job as well as all the other actors . i too like the way they tied the past in with the present , which gives us a better understanding of why gabriel is the way he is . i started watching to see chayanne , but then found myself watching to see how the story unfolds . it does have english subtitles , so i could follow along with the story . if you like chayanne and / or vampire movies , you will not be disappointed . the storyline is excellent and the quality of the dvd is outstanding , plus the extras are a real treat . i highly recommend it .
2			variety	terrific	addition	great	pieces	negative	pieces	loud	set	great	pieces	soft			great set ! this is a wonderful set . it is very relaxing to play while driving the car . the only negative for me is the frequent volumn changes i need to make since the soft pieces are very soft and loud pieces are very loud . the variety is terrific and the set will make a great addition to anyone's music collection .
2			performer	great	lens	good	iq	good			very good lens . a great performer for the money , works well on ff and aps c . if you like good iq you will not be a bonus this lens is made in japan . i highly recommend this lens . 5 stars . roland
1			computer	worst	supermulti	hard			dont buy this computer . this is the worst computer i have ever owned , i have already sent two of them back , and will never buy another one . whatever possessed windows to make this version , i will never know . from now on if i cannot find an xp , i will keep adding to my present computer . until it blows up . dont buy vista . ! hp pavilion a 6000 desktop pc amd athlon 64 x 2 processor 4200 plus , 1 gb ram , 250 gb hard drive , supermulti dvd drive , vista premium
2			artist	great	depth	emotional	it	similar			amazing . i picked up this cd because i m a fan of the fat lady sings and was impressed by the emotional depth of nick's music . it is similar to another great artist unfortunatley seldom heard phil campbell ,
2			band	big	hits	big	arrangements	big	tape	original	connection	musical	music	original	one	great	music	best	guitar	electric	sound	big	feel	nice	they	easy			gleason's best music recording . i bought this cd almost 10 years ago and still enjoy it . jackie selected some of his favorite big band hits and assembled a then modernized big band . note the electric guitar in the mix . it adds a really warm sound . plus , the drums are up front instead of pushed in the back as with older big band arrangements . the musicians are all hand picked by the great one . listen to this recording keeping in mind that this was all recorded live in a studio with no online clips don not do justice to how good this cd sounds . this cd reissue was created using the original 3 track stereo left center right master tape and it brings back the music in all it's cd contains my favorite version of cherokee . it has a nice 1950 s jazz feel with the big band sound . superb ! i do , however , agree that the bonus tracks have no place on this cd . they don not have any musical connection what so ever with the original music tracks . at least they are easy enough to skip .
1			people	happy	game	worst	game	suck			the worst game ever . this game sucks when my cousin came over he couldn not beat raditz after 18 tries and he was freaken cryin i meen come on man this games supposed to be fun and make people happy so anyway i took the control and started playing it took me 10 tries to beat this dude i swear this may be the first time i have played tis game but i would never lie hear me out don not buy this game please .
2			pictures	awesome	clarity	nice	book	great	color	nice			great . the pictures are awesome . the clarity and color are very nice . a great book for anyone interested in gem stones .
1			reviews	bad			its been in cd player for about a day . and that would be the first and last time i listen to it . and y r there so many bad reviews on this ?
2			bottle	great	bottle	good			good water bottle . not secure enough you can just throw it in backpack . this bottle does leak a little , so you can not just put the cap on and throw it in your bag . but otherwise , this is a great bottle .
2			weakness	severe	him	famous	reason	good	set	large	detail	great	it	disappointing	mr	short			poorly written . knight was written hastily and very poorly . as a basketball fan i look forward to any book that deals with the sport , and i also should admit that i am a little averse when i hear knight's name . but the book is just another attempt to take your hard earned money out of your pockets . in the book mr knight countinues to defend all of the controversial events that got him famous . he spins on the choking incident , never going into great detail , or a good reason for doing it . the type set is large , to give the appearance that there's a lot of writing . in short mr knight has a severe weakness in character , and it shows with this book . i gave it two stars because it was disappointing .
1			it	funny	attempts	poor			there is nothing quite like the sound of selling out ! anyone who buys this cd falls for clever marketing tricks by the music industry . i find their change in image just a little to hard to swallow . it's funny how their change corresponded to what was selling in the music world at the time . this cd is filled with cliche lyrics and music . it's filled with radio friendly songs that are filled with insultingly poor attempts at meaningful statements . don not fall for it ! save your money for something genuine !
2			factor	major	song	addictive	song	great	acappella	instrumental			without eminem . this debut single from eminem's third album release sees him back at the top spot as this song debuts at 1 in australia already certified with gold sales . this song is annoyingly addictive . smart lyrics and greats beats being the major contributing factor and the name eminem only stirs even more attention to this single . tracklisting 1 without me lp version explicit 2 the way i am danny lohner remix 3 without me instrumental 4 without me acappella 5 say what i say lp version explicit a great song , a decent tracklist , a worthwhile purchase .
2			it	awesome	book	best	mystery	best			best mystery crime book . this one of the best book i have ever read . it has every sherlock holmes book ever written it is so awesome .
1			painkiller	previous	albums	worst			junkulator ! what can i say ? the previous album painkiller was one of the best ever & this is one of the worst albums !
1			one	different	chunks	gross	product	good	batch	bad			did the formula change ? this was a good product when i bought it from amazon in the pa st but this last one i got , in july 2012 is different . it now mixes very poorly , and has many gross jelly powder chunks that will not mix no matter how much you shake . maybe i just got a bad batch , and i will probably give it one more try in the future . if i do discover that this was simply a bad batch , i will then review it again more favorably . too expensive to throw out , so i guess i will be choking it down until it's gone .
2			price	reasonable	set	great	i	pleased	they	fun	extras	fun			what everyone's been wanting to have released . this dvd set is great the packaging is more than you would expect for something from cartoon network and clearly a lot of thought was put into it . i was personally waiting for a season set of this show to come out before i bought anything so i was quite pleased to find this at a very reasonable price . the extras were great fun to watch , although personally i could have done a bit without the awkward cosplay fan reel , but at the same time at has such bizarrely designed characters that morbid fascination actually made some of the better costumes on the reel not too excessively painful to sit through . the behind the scenes bits were also a lot of fun , especially the story boards as well ! overall , i was very , very pleased with this set , and if i had to pick one thing to critique it would be to have more commentaries than there were they were great fun to listen to . i can not wait for the season two , three , and four sets to come out some day !
2			item	worth	workouts	great	tool	great			perfect tool for home bodyweight workouts . this item is worth its price and is a great home tool to do bodyweight workouts , great for dips , pull ups and atlas push ups also for leg to store and handy for people living in dorms or appartement ! jdc
2			service	great	price	great			great price , great service . i was very please with my purchace and the speed in which i received it . i would liked to have known that i needed to buy a memory ca rd
2			length	equal	york	new	amount	incredible	guy	great			a waste of time and money . this book isn not very good and definitely isn not worth the money . first of all , most of the vice it contains is incredibly obvious . i don not think most people need to be told to take a shower every day . second , it is almost completely about new york . if you don not happen to live in manhattan , she doesn not have much interest in you . third , it is incredibly self centered . the author is a gossip reporter and the bulk of the book is about what people should do to make your job easier and save her time and money . if you are calling an item into her , you have to do it at a certain time , and on a certain day , or she will be too busy to deal with you . that kind of stuff . it doesn not seem to occur to ms froelich that she has to do some work to earn her salary . finally , the book contains an incredible amount of blatantly obvious name dropping and brownnosing . she quotes her boss , at length , and writes at equal , pointless length about what a great guy he is , a genius and so on .
2			man	real	he	cute	norris	young	life	real	realism	great	workout	great	deal	real	defense	great			pefect symmetry . i got my video some time ago and i have to say wayne edwards kicks . ! he's a real martial arts man that teaches down to earth techniques with great realism . he does not suggest you try to fly through the air like stunt men in movies on a rope . his techniques really work . i hear he has quit a history as a bodyguard even though he wont talk much about it and he's pretty darn cute too ! it's a great workout , and great self defense video from a man that in real life would kick most martial artists . he's the real deal . i will take him against a young chuck norris , segall , blanks , anybody . try it for yourself .
2			purchase	nice	pleasure	great			nice purchase . it was a great pleasure to find such a wonderful cd with saint saens ; i didn not had the opportunity to find , until now in any store this item .
1			part	worst	writing	bad	cheese	good			dreadful . ah , the only movie i have ever hated so much that when it was revealed that the lead female character was pregnant , i rooted for the monster to eat the fetus . bad acting , plot , writing , etc the monster is the worst part . it looks like a giant deep sea angler fish . what's so scary about that ? just make sushi out of the stupid would be better off watching leviathon , where the monster is a xenomorph , and which at least makes for good cheese .
2			kind	small	storage	nice	bench	little	hangers	large	bench	big	price	fantastic	i	surprised	looks	nice	closet	large	unit	good	stuff	small	bargain	fantastic	mirror	big	shelves	deep	wood	heavy	i	pleased	drawer	large			large , wooden doll closet . i was very pleased when i received this doll closet . holds lots of hang up clothes bar needs large hangers . has large storage drawer under hang up clothes . shelves are roomy and deep . has fold down mirror and little padded bench which is quite big . i was just surprised and what a good doll storage unit this is . the price is fantastic . everybody i know wants to get this for their daughters . it's heavy wood . can put stickers or paint or any kind of decorations on it too . or . it can just be left alone . looks nice . kids could use it for a storage cabinet for small any kind of small stuff . would make a nice make up storage . fantastic bargain .
2			gift	great	it	great	it	great no			a great gift . this was a gift for my sister . she liked it . it was great when it came out , and it continues to entertain . kipling , caine , and connery . how could it not be great ?
1			blender	particular	i	disappointed	it	terrible	it	interesting	it	wonderful	one	new	one	bad	it	worth			they don not make them like they used to . my mother had an oster blender from the 1970 s for over 30 years and it worked great until the last few years . so i went and bought her a new one but it was terrible and had an awful burning smell . so i thought there was a defect just in that particular blender , and i returned it and foolishly got another one . the new one is just as bad and since i bought it at filene's which closed i can not even return it . i bought a kitchenaid recently and even though it was $ 100.00 it was worth every penny . it's wonderful ! i will never buy another oster product again . i was so disappointed . i don not understand what happened to the quality of their product and it's interesting that other people have had the same experiences .
2			it	great			love these when they work . neither of the replacements i ordered worked . i originally ordered the chime and paw . it was great for about a year . then the paw didn not work ccorrectly so i ordered 2 replacements . neither worked with the chime . very disappointed and so is my dog . skyskyblu
2			friends	spiritual	friends	great	types	different			those helpful readings can really change you & your spouse ! 120 helpful , scripture centered devotionals will help different types of couples to learn how to be great , spiritual friends ! this book is an excellent resource !
2			impediment	annoying	thread	small	mystery	enjoyable	character	great			enjoyable . i liked this mystery a lot . i think lee is a great character . i don not find her speech impediment annoying at all like others have said . the mystery was fast paced and enjoyable . you will definitely be craving chocolate when you read it . i really appreciate that the book wasn not bogged down by endless descriptions of chocolate and chocolate making . its definitely a themed mystery but doesn not go overboard like the coffee mysteries by cleo coyle . i only had two problems with the book 1 the ending was suspenseful but the killer was too obvious i would have liked it to have been someone else ; and 2 there was one small thread left hanging that prevented it from having a neat and tidy overall , i would definitely recommend this book !
2			i	wrong	compaired	good no	game	great	ops	black			pointless . over g fighters i thought was going to be this great game , i was wrong . the graphics are not that good , compaired to h . a . w . x . & h . a . w . x 2 its kind of pointless i think , if your like me wanting to play call of duty black ops alot , then you will probubly agree with me that it is you still want to play it i would suggest rent it first then make your decision then .
2			game	great			all around great game ! bought this for my kids when it first came out . i played it more than they did ! it is a game for all ages and with quite a few challenging scetions to beat .
1			absence	complete	guys	good	guys	bad	intrigue	international	appeal	intellectual			absolutely no intellectual appeal . the characters are shallow and stereotypical , little more than charicatures . the villains are mindlessly violent and unhuman , little more than reptiles . the heroes are saints without a shred of human weakness . the books starts out suspiciously biased and finishes in a crescendo of unmasked right wing fundametalist doggerel that categorizes all pro choice and drug legalization opinions as products of satan himself . quite hillarious is the complete absence of sex in what is supposed to be a book about international intrigue . the good guys win and the bad guys lose by no plausible reason but by the grace of god . simplistic and uninteresting . struggled to the end just to see how completely the author could lose himself in his own thinly veiled trilling of hallelujah ! praise tha lord !
2			recipes	extra	recipes	tasty	bit	little	gift	great	it	practical	room	little			something between ordinary cooking and fancy cooking . i really enjoy this book . the recipes are tasty , and ranked by difficulty . one star is the easiest . the chapters are well organized and there is a photo for almost every recipe . chapters include headings like pastas , stews , desserts , appetizers , etc . there is little room in the margins though , for notes . there is a little bit in the front about nutrition and what to look for in a vegetarian diet . each chapter also has a feature layout with some extra recipes that are organized by theme either an ingredient or a category like dips . there is no nutritional info and the recipes are not labelled l , o , l / o or v so you will have to figure that on your own rather than at a glance . i haven not had any trouble making these , and they yield tasty results . i collect cookbooks , and this is among my top 5 to turn to when i need ideas . it's pretty enough to make a great gift , but practical enough to actually be used .
2			information	great			great information ! should buy ! since i have personally played both games , this guide will help you get all the secrets , and tools to beat the game completely . plus , unlike other guides i have seen , brady games does an excellent job of preparing the gamer to play the game . a
1			movie	good	ending	bad	feeling	empty	ending	good			bad ending says it all . for me , a good book / movie has to have a good ending , and by saying a good ending , i don not necessarily mean a lovely ending but i mean an interesting ending , a surprising one or something just purely nice . the ending of this book left me with a very empty feeling that i even have a hard time explaining why . i feel deceived and i feel as if i wasted my time . therefore , i advise on reading other john grishm books and not this one .
2			mixer	new	support	great			do not buy . an utterly worthless product . this device was incapable of slicing anything , and the shredder attachment was able to shred about 2 cups of carrots before jamming , bending the drive shaft , and causing an alarming click in the drive of the mixer itself . kitchenaid support was great ; sent me a new mixer right away . they offered to replace the shredder , but i told them not to bother , and returned mine to the store to get my money you are looking for a slicer / shredder , you are better off with the kitchenaid food processor . i picked up one of those and couldn not be more thrilled .
1			i	disappointed	product	bad			bad product . it went dead the third time it was used ! i am extremely disappointed with this product as it went dead the third time it was used . i got it just over a month ago , and i used it for the third time only yesterday , and suddenly it went dead . please contact me by phone 305 219 0469 and tell me what to do . thankseyal birshan
2			levels	different	price	incredible	flow	right	accuracy	historical	book	great			great book , incredible price ! i think this is a great book for incredible price 99 . it really is two love stories in one . the duke and duchess are one ; the duke's adult daughter and the duchess's brother make the other . two families blending on two different levels . and the plot device or subplot , if you prefer , involving the anarchists in my opinion added interesting depth and historical accuracy to the book . another interesting fact mentioned that even in 1815 the almack dress code for men still included tricorn hats . every reviewer or critic seems to have some aspects they would change . usually i do too , but not this time . i think the author did a masterful job of blending all the aspects of the story together . the flow was just right and stayed a page turner to the end !
1			life	poor	weight	heavy			keyboard problems . just like a few other people mentioned , a bunch of keys on my sony vaio suddenly stopped working no spills or anything . it is about 1 year and 1 month since i bought it from circuit city , so of course the warranty has expired . i have attached an external keyboard for now till i figure out how to open it and see what the problem is , so it is working like a desktop for me . other problems are of course the poor battery life , the difficulty in clicking the keyboard mouse keys , the time taken to connect to a wireless network , and of course the heavy weight . i would never recommend sony vaio to my friends and colleagues . maybe we can initiate some action against sony if there is a generic problem with their keyboard on vaios ?
1			taste	bad	anecdotes	little			totally dishonest . i gave this book two stars because the stories that were in it were fun little anecdotes that i enjoyed . what left a bad taste in my mouth was not what was in the book , but what leno left out . there is not a single mention in this book about the carson letterman leno fiasco , and how it affected leno's relationships and life . i promise you that if anyone were to give me the job as host of the tonight show , my autobiography would make some mention of it somewhere ! at least once ! secondly , he never once mentioned helen kushnick , not even in the acknowledgements . i know they had a falling out , but to not even thank her for the role she played in his career ? the tonight show was practically in letterman's back pocket before she stepped in . leading with my chin is jay leno completely such a statement is not already redundant .
2			book	great			mine went in the trash . this book really didn not tell me a whole lot i didn not already know . probably the only part that i really paused to think about was the link between the sick care industry and the food industry . i already know about how processed our foods are and are lacking nutrition . as a benefits specialist for my employer , i found of the information about the insurance to be somewhat misleading . this book probably would have been great about fifteen years ago , but we are already here now . save your money , most of the information here can be found in other sources and i was really wondering how i was going to make my fortune in the health care industry and i m not about to sell medical insurance .
2			buy	great	price	reasonable			great buy . received this book fairly quickly , reasonable price , some highlighter marks but very okay with that considering the reasonable price . great buy .
2			ideas	creative	it	easy	ideas	great			great ideas . was pleased when this book arrived . it has a lot of creative ideas just what i was looking for . there are no color photos , but it includes simple illustrations . it's easy to follow , with ideas for invitations , decorations , activities , gifts , favors and food listed under each party theme .
1			season	boring	season	dull	team	bad	looks	annoying	carter	bad			the season of mi 5 is dull and boring . season 1 and 2 were amazing . this season was so dull i had to skip episodes most particularly episode 7 . i do not like adam carter nor his idiot wife . tom , zoe and danny are a one of a kind team . i will definitely skip seasons 4 -6 as it obviously looks very annoying . i will be back with seasons 7 and 8 with richard armitage . this show is definitely rated on the actors they have chosen . adam carter and this team are very bad .
1			quality	bad			item of bad quality . i used this plug for one day and then it broke . when i tried to remove it from the phone the wire came out loose . and i do not think its stereo , sound came from both sides of headset but the phone said it was not stereo adapter .
2			it	worth	blanket	great	i	glad			lot's of fun . my baby loves this gym . the bright colors really attract his attention . the blanket is really great for tummy time , also . we registered for this one , not really knowing how it compared with the others . i m glad we did . it's well worth the money .
2			it	great			i will be missing you . it was great of puffy to do such a sweet thing for b . i . g , everyone loved b . i . g , and when he died , puffy brought us back together to remember him , not sulk forever . that is what b . i . g would have wanted for us to do , so we did , and i thank puffy for that .
2			waste	complete	one	ok	book	great			forget it . although the first book was great and the second one was ok , the 3 d book was almost a complete waste of time . things just seemed to happen without any coherence . my recommendation . do not buy this book ! however , if you are like me and have invested time and money into the first two books you will read it anyway .
2			pants	great	pants	huge			sizing . the pants are great to protect against leaks . however , the sizing is way off ! i ordered the gerber training pants in the same size 2 and they fit perfectly . the plastic pants are huge in a size 2 i would not purchase these again .
1			quality	poor	chairs	cheap			you get what you pay for . these chairs are cheap , unfortunatly they are of poor quality . i weigh 200 bs and the chair did not support me and broke under my weight .
1			movie	bad			yikes . this movie was bad . i gave it a chance because of guy pearce . don not make the same mistake ! you will find yourself daydreaming of what you could have done with your time and money .
2			it	great			wife is a four letter word . this was such a fun , wonderful read . i love how it tied into kids is a four letter word . it was great how alan and pamela found love and passion together and how they ended up together . i was laughing all along and wondering what they were going to get themselves into next !
1			book	worst			case of the missing cutthroat . the book case of the missing cutthroat is the worst book i have ever read . there is no point in the story . me and my friends joke about suffering from the jean craighead george disease . by the way don not read this book .
2			song	great	album	entire	recording	new			simple words of simple faith . amy radiates eloquent beauty in the tunes recorded on simple things . i love the entire album ! amy's sound may have changed slightly but her message and simple honnesty is captured perfectly in this new recording . my favorite song on the album is eye to eye its motif is timless and it is beautifully written . i also like how vince gill , amy's husband sings back up on looking for you it is also a great song . overall , i reccomend this album to anyone everyone can find something to love about this album awesome job amy !
2			sprinkles	occasional	buffs	modern	insight	great	analysis	political	read	heavy	history	modern	background	good	analysis	great			heavy read , but full of great analysis for modern history buffs . i bought this book because it is required for my daughter's honors history class this coming school year . i have been reading parts of it myself . it is a heavy read , especially for those who do not like modern era history and / or are lacking in a fairly good background in history and world politics . for those that want great historical and world political analysis that has great insight into today's policical environment , this book gives a wealth of information and analysis which is well written , with occasional sprinkles of humor and irony .
2			book	great			how to build animal housing 60 plans for coops , hutches , barns , shed , pens , nestboxes , feeders , stanchions , and much more . i received the book in quick time and well packaged . it is a great book , and will be used well by both my daughter and me . thank you .
2			movie	best	ending	great	sequel	final			best movie of all time . i like the story in the beginning because it talks about how it all started . and the ending was sad but great . but i would reccommend this movie to anyone who is a starwars fan . and i can not wait for the final sequel .
1			i	sorry	movie	funny no	acting	bad	disappointment	huge	martin	capable	films	great	comedy	worst	disappointment	sorry	hawn	capable			terrible ! ! acting was bad and it wasn not really funny . a huge disappointment i m sorry to say . steve martin appeared in many great films , such as planes , trains and automobiles or father of the bride , however this was the worst comedy i have seen in a while . why ? well , first of all , the jokes in it have been done a thousand times in thousands of other movies ; the acting was bad . and this came as a shock because i know both martin and hawn are capable of much better than that . whatever that was . the plot was just as bad as the jokes most of the time i already knew what was going to happen before it happen . i found this movie very unentertaining and unfunny .
1			player	best	it	bad			an insightful book about the best baseball player ever . ty cobb is , hands down , the best baseball player ever . it's just too bad that his baseball accomplishments have been obscured by his larger than life personality . richard bak does an amazing job of presenting a fair and objective overview of cobb's life in peach . this book is filled with pictures , stats , and quotes . but bak doesn not obscure the biography by doing so ; instead , he uses these tools to really enhance the story of a fascinating personality . unlike other biopics that only seem to focus on cobb's faults , peach is well balanced and fair . parental caution many of the quotes from both ty cobb and his contemporaries contain unfiltered , lockeroom only vocabulary . and many of the sordid details of both cobb's life and his peers are quite lurid . parents should use caution . i enjoyed learning more about this complex man , and i would recommend this book to all serious baseball fans .
2			guide	practical	book	useful	companion	necessary	disorders	various	aid	great	school	high			great teaching aid . i teach high school psychology and this book is very useful as a practical / interpretive guide to the raw definitions of various mental disorders as described in the dsm iv . if using this in the classroom , make sure to preview each case study because some are difficult for novices to relate to the diagnoses . overall it is a very approachable book and a necessary companion to the dsm iv .
2			game	ok	hit	great	it	repetitive	it	ok	son	old	star	extra	it	disappointing			it's ok . this game is ok and my 3 year old son plays it from time to time . he loves dora and diego , so i thought this would be a great hit , but it has been pretty disappointing . there are two game tracks with 3 levels of difficulty . my son completed both tracks in about 30 minutes . it's pretty repetitive after that , even at higher skill levels . he gets pretty bored with the long winded videos in between the actual games . i took off an extra star for requiring that the cd be in the computer when he plays the software . it's 2011 now get with the program . you require me to register the program any way , so use a license number like every other software company .
2			reading	great	references	available no			the world history of beekeeping and honey hunting . the mystery , art and science of beekeeping . this is a must have book information and references in this book are not generally available anywhere else great reading on a winter's night or a summer evening . easy to skip around in the chapters depending on your curiosity or mood . every beekeeper and bee lover or anyone with an abiding love of or deep sense of the mystery , art and the science of beekeeping should have this book .
2			it	warm no	it	hot	altitude	high	coffee	good	brewer	classic	maker	real	coffee	great			bunn high altitude classic 10 cup home brewer . at last , a real coffee maker that makes coffee at altitudes at over 4000 feet . now i get quickly brewed , great tasting coffee . it's hot , but drinkable and not warm . i think that all coffee makers should be marked for altitude , so that we get good coffee , without having to over cook it . thanks again
2			stepper	tough	basis	regular	stepper	electronic	medium	great	medium	little	it	small	it	hard			stamina electronic mini stepper . the stepper is tough to use at first but that's probably because i m out of shape . i have used it several times but not on a regular basis . the only probably i have is that it's hard to maintain your balance at times . otherwise , it's a great little exercise medium for the price and i like it because it's small enough to put away anywhere .
2			artist	great			i found this to be amazing . i purchased this cd in the month of it's i m still listening to it . all of the songs are amazing , and i can honestly say that they never get boring at all . i suggest this to anyone who enjoys the work of a great artist !
2			day	great	cd	great	stuff	great			great cd 1 . i would recommend this to every rainbow fan . it has all you need . thanks ! great stuff ! have a great day !
2			it	fantastic			a classic . this is the first book i learned guitar from , twenty years ago . now i use it with my beginning students . it's fantastic .
1			sounds	horrible	quality	poor	clock	easy	machine	useless	buttons	good no	machine	horrible	light	horrible	they	terrible	sounds	repetitive	quality	visual			horrible machine that's useless . don not be fooled by homedic's description . this is not a spa product . the clock is easy to set , but is a poor visual quality . the light on the clock is horrible . even worse , the nature sounds are horrible . they sound like static , and the sounds are way too repetitive . the radio tunes ok , but it is a poor sounding radio . the buttons are not good . they are terrible . and , the speakers are 9 the back . that makes it sound like it's coming from your other room . sorry , but this product is a piece of junk . it broke after two weeks . it's a very poor quality . so avoid this and get a better system taht will work better for a long time . so avoid this horrible .
2			deal	great	ways	new	s	little			fun and unleashes creativity . my 17 month son is a climber so i researched and did a lot of running around before choosing this one . he loves to go in and out the door , using the slide and climbing on the climber . we have it outside and it is holding up great . he is constantly finding new ways to play with the climber other than sliding and climbing hence the creativity part . we didn not have any trouble putting this toy together . it is a great deal considering how much he plays on this climber . think about it , how often have you paid money for a toy that is rarely played with ? this one is definitely worth the money . get one and watch your little one s enjoy !
2			feature	nice	note	great	quality	high	price	good			exactly what i wanted almost . note this recorder is great , if you have s video or rca jacks on your tv . if your tv only has an rf coaxial cable connection , you will need an rf modulator to watch anything . i missed this you are just looking to replace your is the unit for you . i you have a 27 inch tv or smaller . perfect for you . if you want high quality video for a big need to find something two negatives . one , the menu it creates for a dvd could use a still from the video , but it does not . minor , but it is a nice feature most units come with . two , record modes are 1 hr , 2 hr , 4 hr 3 hr is product . good price . just remember it is dvd r and dvd rw only . i purchased dvd rw by mistake .
2			flats	flat	plastic	hard	things	little	arches	nice	lift	little	insoles	great	arches	high	they	durable			just the support i need . these insoles are great . i got them for achilles tendon issues and they provide a little lift in the heel which helps flats are too flat for me . they also give me arch support for my super high arches , which is nice since most flats have none . because they are 3 4 length , they fit in all the shoes i need them for . you can move them from shoe to shoe . they come with little velcro things to help them stick in place , but you can also just use them without they don not really slip . note that they are a hard plastic , so they are durable but not cushy . this is better for me with my tendonitis , but good to be aware of if you are looking for comfort .
2			driver	new	driver	original	quality	great	level	low	camera	great	clip	great	camera	good			ezcam pro good camera . this is a great camera for the price . i have a quickcam vc for my desktop and i brought this for my laptop because it has a great laptop clip that hold it securely in place . the picture quality is great even at 640 480 only problem is it require a lot of light unlike my vc which adjust to low light level very well . the driver that came with the camera work fine , but i did try to load a new driver from the website to my surprise it did not work . so i tried another driver and that did not work either , so i just reinstalled my original driver . overall it a decent camera with a better picture quality then my vc but i can not forget that my quickcam vc only cause me a 1 3 of the price .
2			service	great			maui browning lotion 2 pk . when i ordered it , came very quickly , in time for my trip to the caribbean islands ! great service ! will use them again !
2			variety	great			love it . great variety of hardcore and skinhead bands . i like most of the bands , but i would recommend the choice , oxymoron , and the subversives . cd came quickly and in excellent condition .
2			concert	great	video	great	soundtrack	important			where's the hd audio . the movie / concert is great . i am sure the video is great on this blu ray disc . however , the sound track is the same ol dolby digital that is found on the dvd . this is a concert film . the soundtrack is more important than the picture . i expect better from a band like u 2
2			it	big	looked	great			only problem . the size of the box was not shown in the ad . so when i received it , it was too big and i sent it back . it looked great ! i would bet that it worked great , if it would have fit .
2			percussions	best	electronica	best	albums	best	album	fantastic	middle	industrial	band	industrial	fathers	industrial			one of the best electronica . i had asked one of my friends to buy this cd . it is by far one of the best electronica albums i have hea rd i cannot stop raving about this album . it is one of those rare albums where every track in itself is a masterpiece and shows the diversity of their music . the industrial god fathers have done it again . except this time they mostly weave melody with drum and base or i should say around it . i have always considered test dept to be one of the best percussions oriented electro / industrial band . it is their unique ability to beautifully and seamlessly meld industrial , tribal , middle eastern and indian elements in their music that separate them from most other acts . tracks that standout are atlantis , 2 hettos and miotica . while this doesn not sound anything much like the earlier test dept , i must admit that i like the way this band has evolved . also check out totality which also is another fantastic album .
2			versions	instrumental	material	great	stuff	powerful			in schlabadum donst unum . if you like procol harum , you will love this ! bonus material is great , with instrumental versions of some powerful stuff !
1			schmoe	poor	vinyl	old			five stars for the music . star for kantner's mushy vocals . still worth hearing , but thank grace for the fast forward which us old vinyl types did not have available to us . the poor schmoe never could carry a tune .
2			dissappointment	big	title	different	views	political	astin	great	he	interested			not a star . i bought this book thinking it would be an interesting read about the making of the lord of the rings . instead it is the story of how great and underappreciated sean astin is as an actor . to be honest who ever really knew of him before lord of the rings . i found the book a big dissappointment . i don not really care about how great an actor or filmmaker sean astin thinks he is nor am i interested in his political views . if this was his objective he should have chosen a different title instead of scamming people into buying his book .
1			game	bad no	cars	nice	reviews	bad	it	great no			i can not stop crying . i absolutely love racing games , and i have never given bad reviews about a game before , until now . i was heartbroken when i rated this game 2 stars the graphics and my passion of racing games had keep it from being given a 1 star rating . the game is not all that bad , it is not all that great either . the racing needs more speed , it feels that i am racing in slow motion . more cars to choose from would be nice , and along with more courses . is that so much to ask . i m getting teary eyed again .
2			kit	little	kit	great			great little kit . simple but does the job ! i like the shine it leaves your nails . i wish it came with some cuticle oil as well .
2			way	great			better than melatonin . what's the point . a dash of white hair , webbed fingers , i kept waiting for a reason never got it . starts off interesting enough , lots of history . about half way through one begins to get impatient . with a hundred pages to go , one wonders if it will ever end . nevertheless , it's a great way to put yourself to sleep at night . more effective than melatonin .
2			story	great			a beautiful story filled with magic ! i absolutely loved this book . i only put it down because i had to go to work ! it wasn not just the story , which was great , but the style of the author . she reminds me a lot of alice hoffman . the characters were charming and sometimes heartbreaking , and she blended magic with reality with such subtlety , you couldn not be sure which was which . i felt like a movie was running in my head the whole time i was reading . i would recommend this book to anyone and i will be waiting for the author's next !
2			purposes	educational	product	great			baby orca . great product . used for educational purposes on endangered species . perfect size for younger kids .
2			illustrations	gorgeous	teachings	great	compassion	true	feather	little			a journey into the heart of another . all the great teachings of the world say that to experience true compassion , we must first learn to walk in another's shoes . the story of little feather is a first person account of the brief , beautiful and tragic life of an american indian man . it is also a gloriously illustrated vision of another place in you care about our history with the indians , if you have had glimmering memories of a past life , if reincarnation is a topic that you find fascinating , this book is for book is also for anyone who is seeking to understand the human condition , and strives to a better way . gorgeous illustrations by the author are ecocative and daring .
1			reviews	poor			look elsewhere . the other morning , the unit suddenly came on by itself . no surge nothing else was effected , the lights didn not even dim . came on , but won not function by either the remote or the buttons on the face of the unit . gone . should have paid attention to all the poor reviews . a little under a year old . heck , i have had off brand units last for five years .
1			reception	poor	antenna	worthless			poor reception . ok , i live in an urban area . i only got 2 channels with this thing . my indoor rabbit ears pick up 9 channels . what a waste of money and time . shouldve done my research first and found out that any dipole antenna is worthless .
2			character	main	sequences	entertaining	part	best	way	great			just plain fun . this is not a complicated or time consuming game , but it is a great way to relax . the arcade sequences are slightly tricky but highly entertaining . the best part of the game is the interaction with the main character , flicker . his wit truely rings with reminences of monty python . while the playing part of the game is obviously aimed at a younger audience , the dialogues and character interactions can be appreciated by adults . the one drawback may be that the game can only be played once . once you have beaten it , the only reason to replay it is for the dialogue .
2			movie	great	story	good			great movie . i enjoyed the movie . it was well done and a very good story . though it has english subtitles , was enjoyable enough to watch all the way through . i liked the ending .
2			look	great			great look . wonderful toothbrush holder . we had this kind growing up in the 50 s and g 0 s . i have decorated a bathroom in that era and this is a great look for it . love it .
2			gift	great	price	awesome			awesome . my daughter loves this pack great gift . the price was awesome to i wll order these packs again . very impressed ! ! ! ! ! !
1			hopes	high	idea	nice	execution	poor			nice idea , poor execution . i purchased this tie rack with high hopes it appeared to be a compact and economical way to support my ever expanding tie collection . however , it feel far short of my expectations . it repeatedly got stuck on surrounding wire hangers the kind upon which shirts return from the cleaners . the item then broke while i was untangling it from its neighbor .
2			myself	healthy	book	great			very interesting and helpful . this is a great book for pre teens to learn about the changes that will or are happening in their bodies . it gave me very helpful tips and advice for keeping myself healthy . it covers everything you need to know about your body and how to take care of it . examples are periods , breasts , and bras . i am 12 and just started wearing cup bras my advice start with a sport bra ! so order this book today ! i recommend it for ages 10 and up .
1			effects	terrible	movie	worst	o	tiny	effects	special			ugh . this is ain not gonna be pretty . this is the worst movie i have ever seen . it doesn not make sense , the special effects are terrible , the acting horrid , & it was two villains , the pun spouting mr freeze who wants to freeze the world & the i m a biological female but somehow look like a drag queen poison ivy who wants to cover the earth in plants are working together ! also starring the whiny , tiny chris o would onnell & the first superheroine with babyfat alicia silverstone . gratuitous use of neon & cod pieces . i think batman maybe had a total of twelve lines with all the other character fighting for screen time . attention greedy , stupid hollywood hacks watch the batman animated series for some pointers on how to do a batman story right ! ugh .
2			songs	great			what happened ? i really couldn not wait for the release of this soundtrack . what a disappointment ! most of the great songs didn not make the disk . what was the record company thinking ?
1			lover	old	fan	great no	tunes	good	gender	different			harry warren uplifted . while i am not a great duo fan , and recommend mf get back to those lushly orchestrated back ups , these tunes are uplifted as good as i have ever heard only gripe is that sometimes , mf gets a little too slow for my tastes . he can be like a shirley horn of a different gender , so i found this album drags too much . it's like listening to a doctoral dissertation of buxtehude . finally , i am an old shearing quintet lover , and boy would that have made this a gem . shearing has not won me over as a paino player like say brubeck or evans , but with the quintet setting he is an icon nonetheless .
2			players	available	picture	good	deal	great	player	good			would be good . this player would be a great deal , it has a good picture , decent sound , no problems except . the discs get scratched . after i had it about a month , my discs began to get scratched around the outside . the last scene or two was lost on a few of my dvds . i had to return the player and buy another . i haven not heard of this happening to anyone else , but i assure you it can happen . if you want to take a risk then it is a good player to buy , but i would go with one of the other players now available for this co st
1			instrument	poor	intonation	bad	movie	old			didn not they tune this thing ? i found most of this cd unlistenable because of this harpsichord's horribly bad intonation , reminiscent of a saloon piano in an old western movie . what ever charm the selection of pieces may have had was destroyed by the wild beating of mis tuned strings , particularly evident with descending lines . one wonders if the poor instrument was left in the rain just prior to the recording session , or if the instrument was tuned to a mean tone temperment , after which the keyboard was transposed a semitone . did no one listen to this recording before releasing it ?
1			plot	bad	berry	bad	berry	special	acting	poor			dreadful . poor acting , bad plot , bad special even halie berry in a leather cat suit can save this one .
1			quality	terrible	i	disappointed	something	bad	movies	unwatchable	quality	low			terrible picture quality . unwatchable ! i am very much disappointed . the movies are unwatchable for a very low picture quality . i have never seen something so bad in my whole life .
1			it	dull	idea	great	it	dry	book	worst	fiction	historical	book	bad	writing	bad	book	great			the worst book i have ever read . this book was just bad . when i first heard about the wind done gone i thought it was a great idea . then i read it . ms randall's writing was bad and it isn not worth the money . how did this get published ? i m a historian and love to read historical fiction but i was unable to finish this very thin book . it was dull and dry . i would suggest cane river which is a great book . please don not buy this .
1			directing	poor	cinematography	poor	effects	visual	i	upset no	effects	special	bet	safe	i	sick	acting	poor	it	hard			i might have liked it . i had been able to stay awake for the whole thing . i watched this movie while it was raining and i was too sick to do much else , and i tried to watch it twice , but the first time i fell asleep , and the second time i got bored and read a book instead . the visual special effects were well done , but the screenplay was so poorly written , i don not think there was much that could have saved this movie . once the written work is badly botched , it's hard to say if the directing or acting or cinematography was poor , but it's probably a safe bet . on the other hand , you might like marky mark in this unbelievably miscast role . i for one am not too upset about missing the last few minutes of the film .
2			briefs	traditional	briefs	hot	they	cool	feel	fantastic	undies	hot	briefs	good			very good briefs . these are really good briefs . i were these under my levis 501 s all the time and they feel fantastic . i skate a lot and these traditional white briefs are hot . they run a little large , but , i find these okay . i sag in jeans sometimes and these are a talking point with my friends and girls as they like the waist band through my jeans . i m 24 and these are hot undies . nice ! i recommend these to any guy . they are also cool on younger guys as well . go for these . you won not be disappointed . well worth the money as well .
1			game	worst	it	difficult			this game is too complicated for me , let alone my 5 year old . do i have to give it a star at all ? this is by far the worst game my daughter owns . it's so difficult to play that my daughter needs my help constantly . and i find it extremely slow , and frustrating . trust me , this game will aggravate both you and your child . save your money , folks .
1			movie	japanese	horror	good	waste	bad	it	bad			there are better options . this is a boring and plain bad not be fouled just because it is a japanese horror movie . it is bad , there nothing to be scare of . this is not a thriller , not a psychological horror film , is really just a bad an very boring not waste any money on this movie . if you are looking for good horror asian films try a tale of two sisters , the eye , and the eye 2 .
2			sound	different	fan	familiar no	you	familiar no	tunes	old	tongue	fabulous	album	entire	wedding	positive no	tongue	great			wow . disco volante has great , catchy alt pop tunes , fabulous tongue in cheek his own cheek or hers ? lyrics , and enough umph to sustain the entire album a rare feat these days . admittedly i was not a wedding present fan was not even familiar with their work before getting hooked on cinerama but perhaps that's a positive , as i haven not sentimentalized old wedding present tunes which , frankly , sound a lot the same to me if you are coming from a wedoes fan club point of view , i can see how disco volante , and cinerama in general , is something of a let down . it's comparably tame , and has an entirely different sound . but if you are not familiar with gedge's work , cinerama's disco volante make strike you as a refreshing and intelligent take on alt pop .
2			ideas	great			great teaching ideas . this book is an amazing sourcebook for teaching phonics to upper grade kids withouth making them feel like they are getting a baby lesson ! !
2			product	little	product	great	shipping	free			great and cheap product ! i have had it for a couple of months , and it's a really cheap little product . and works just fine . no need to spend hundreds on any other hdmi cables . i bought this one for about $ 3 with free shipping and that's all i bought . it shipped to my home within a few days and i plugged it into my laptop . it works . i barely use it though , because i just haven not had more of a time to experiment with it . for the most part , its great !
2			sound	great	use	occasional			avoid this item . it has great sound but after 2 years of occasional use , it blew up on me today . it keeps blowing fuses and jbl does not stock replacement parts . they offered to sell me the newer model for around $ 230 but i am not sure if i want to sink more money into jbl or sad . shame on you for not atleast keeping 2 years of parts .
2			sharpener	good	everything	wrong	you	lucky	it	great	duty	heavy			plastic gears will fail junk . i have the model 41 circa 2007 which was purchased for use in a 3 d grade class . it lasted just over two years before the plastic carrier gear lost all its teeth . when it worked , it was great and is truly heavy duty . now that the carrier gear has no teeth the sharpener is a $ 130 paper weight . oh and parts , no way . x acto does not sell the carrier gear for this model anymore . they do sell the gear for model 41 s made before what ? yep , crazy and everything that is wrong with manufacturing today . one cheap plastic gear and now a perfectly good sharpener goes to the landfill . only buy this if you want to rent it for about $ 50 per year , if you are lucky .
2			game	great			pleasant surprise . i have never played the ts series before , so i wasn not sure what to expect . great game . hours of playtime already invested and i have only completed 3.7 of the game ! there is no option to turn the gore off , though .
2			watch	great	quality	great			great watch and stylish ! many complements ! this aver great quality and stylish watch , have had lots of compliments on it . the dark blue background with the silver just really shines and looks great . i really enjoy rearing it and can wash my hands or anything without worrying about getting it wet , oh and the light helps me to check time in dark places .
2			exersize	next	dvd	great	complaint	great			easy , fast paced , effective . this dvd is great because i never have enough time to get sick of an exersize . just when i feel like i can not do another one we are ready to move onto the next exersize . all of the changing and simple exersizes make this program seem to go fast and make me feel great only complaint so far is that it says on the cover that there is a bonus eating plan booklet inside and there was not . i was dissappointed .
1			isn	bible	mr	bad	page	literary			a little weak . a friend sent me this book to author , walters , seems to be of the self help school and uses a lot of literary page 1 of the book . perhaps , then , that ancient saying should be amended to read , the love of money is the root of all evil . too bad mr walters bible knowledge isn not as good as his knowledge of the bhagavad vita , because the bible says exactly what he is saying the ancient saying should be amended to say . it says it in 1 timothy 6 10 like i said , that was page kind of goes downhil from there .
2			bias	little	read	good	book	great			ice tomb second edition . it's a great book , if you like scifi mysteries and i do ; so this may be a little bias . it's a good read for a stormy night . trust me !
2			album	great	music	real			crosby stills nash young and petty ? a great album , the like of which are rare these days . hard to tell who might have influenced them more csn&y or petty , or maybe the eagles , but really who cares , simply put it on and sit back and enjoy real music again .
2			tips	great	lesson	best			inspirational . lots of great tips and photos for inspiration . the best lesson is that make up is not about rigid rules , its about experimenting and having fun .
1			feature	best	feature	worst	nokia	old			what a joke ! ill make this qwik and painless . dont buy this phone . i researched top of the line phones for months and this one seemed to be the be st ha ! i bought it and it had sooo many proble ms . not to mention the very un userfriendly interface , the 990 s best feature , the touchscreen , turned out to be its worst feature . it made doing anything into a complicated task of measurment and hand eye coordination to access the correct button and navigate through tha bass ackwards menus . ohh and did i mention that it freezes and shuts off all of the time . save your money . i went back to my 2 year old nokia and im loving it in comparison .
2			product	great	babies	long	help	great	it	easy	plus	nice			well thought of features . this is a great product . i have been using it for about 4 months for my twins . the anti slip pad is the be st it's so easy to handle the babies in this tub . fits well in my kitchen sink . the thermometer is a nice plus . soap holders are a great help . i do wish they made it a little longer though . already my babies are too long for the tub . the other complaint is that on the two sides there are two grooves that the babies feet tend to go in and can get stuck . i have to keep making sure their feed are out of the grooves so they don not get hurt if i try to turn the baby over to wash his or her back .
2			insites	great	cd	best	insites	spiritual			you will never get tired of this . this is one of the best cd's in the history of ska . with tunes that don not leave your head . it has great spiritual insites and i can not wait to get all the others . this is a must buy for any ska listener .
2			blades	sharp	asset	great	cost	reasonable			excellent home clipper blades ! the clipper blades arrived quickly and have been a great asset in filling my home haircut needs ! so nice to have sharp clipper blades again , at a reasonable cost !
1			book	worst			only if you must . this is the worst book in its category , full of contradictions within itself and with its textbook to . read it only if you must , and only after reading other books when preparing for exa ms
2			layout	great	school	high	teenagers	effective	aunt	young			for us swells who have more tact than others our age ! i asked for this book for christmas after reading a review and i got my wish . this is the funniest self help book i have read sure beats the seven habits of highly effective teenagers , which i also got for christmas . i would highly recommend this book for any gal from high school to their thirties ! the whole layout of the book is great and very asthetic . it's like getting advice from your hip , young aunt that everyone loves !
2			science	solid	it	solid	eggs	great	pans	safe no			great eggs didn not stick . for those of you who complain about this thing's 's do you expect ? for those of you who had the misfortune of receiving a 's cast iron . which makes it solid , but a bit brittle , unlike for those of you who love to cook , this pan is a wife and i are done with non stick pans . too many reviews and solid science to back them up arefinding that non stick pans are not safe . give cast iron a chance .
2			it	good	it	good no	it	great	book	great			great book . i just finished reading this book and it is great ! ! it reminded me of episodes i liked and has me looking forward to seeing some of the ones i have missed on a & it's not as good as the book on mission impossible i don not remember who wrote that one , but it's still pretty good .
2			grossman	right	insight	great			a book for warriors . i believe ltcol grossman was right on the mark and the book was very well thought out and the content was accurately book should be read by all military and police . it gives a great insight into the repercussions of having to take someones also should be read by all of our elected officials so they can see what our society is turning into and why this is happening .
2			it	nice	look	great			love this clock . we really love this clock . it has a great look and sounds great . we did turn down the sound some since it is near our tv room . it's nice to have that option .
1			part	expensive	design	bad	problems	aware	engine	new	right	sharp	samsung	good			can not replace color wheel w / o getting a new light engine $$$ 1.5 2 . i can not believe any retailer is still trying to sell this has problems that sharp is already aware of . notice how they don not attempt to build / sell / service 56 inch screen dlps went out after 24 months . no warranty . light engine was replaced by sharp for free , b / c i got on the phone and pleaded a case that the part was more expensive than the tv . they said after this one time generosity , i would be on my own . i thought that was fair . kudos to sharp for making it right . however , i thought it was my duty to inform you of the the light engine is the millions mirrors , is dynamically built in w / the color wheel . bad design . i think they learned from the problem and have started to build the tvs better . i bought an lg for my bedroom and a toshiba for my bonus room . i have had better experiences w / both . i hear samsung is good too . pick lcd .
2			cd	awesome			s club 7 rock ! this cd is awsome ! when you listen to it then you wanna turn up the sound as loud as it goes and boogy ! and you don not wanna turn it off ! also this groop doesn not sing about sex . i got this cd because i had heard all the song off of the show . on channel 31 i also love the show . s club 7 rocks !
2			text	informative	cartoons	political	illustrations	creative	history	humorous	presidents	different	idea	main	class	social	tub	special	dialogue	informative	book	great			clever way to interest students . the blend of creative illustrations and informative text , written for the student , makes this a great book to have in any social studies class . the author uses dialogue that is simple to understand and , yet , informative . background history on the presidency and on the presidency laws are humorous and straightforwa rd the illustrator uses caricature style artwork to aid in enhancing the text . this is appropriate , as political cartoons are often done in this style . specifics given , about different presidents , aid in increasing the interest for the reader . taft having a special tub built for the white house is one such tidbit of trivia that increases interest in learning about the presidency . the main idea of how to become president is shown in a convoluted way through describing different presidents histories and campaigns . this does not diminish the author's ability to bring a complicated issue of becoming and being president from being marvelous
1			thing	best	one	good	thing	bad	chiltons	good	temp	high	manual	specific			if you need a vehicle specific manual , this is a good one . next best thing to a service manual most everything you need . these older chiltons are very good for the bad thing i have found is they have no info on closed knuckle lubricant . i had to research it myself and found out most people use a combination of 85 140 t and high temp waterproof grease .
2			coffee	large	thing	small	thing	great	grind	finest	thing	nice			what a disappointment ! today i finally received my cuisinart dbm -8 supreme grind automatic burr mill . what a disappointment and waste of money ! this small , nice looking and great deal thing has not been able to grind coffee finely enough that i was using for my delonghi espresso machine . even when i set up a mill on the finest grind , coffee was still too large , so that the water leaked through the coffee in just a few seconds . this mill is definitely not for lovers of espresso coffee .
2			watch	great			great watch . i agree with everyone this is a great watch . i too researched watches and decided on this one . my only complaint is the crown . the crown has a lip on the end that gets caught when i reach into my briefcase and in some instances on the inside of my pocket . the crown catches and pulls out much too easy . the watch stops when the crown is pulled out . i almost missed a flight thinking i had plenty of time but in reality the watch was stopped . keep an eye on the crown .
2			blender	great			great blender ! i broke the one that i bought with my mixer so after years of not having one , i purchased this one and it works as great as my other one . no problems !
2			pleasure	great	movement	comparable			another desperate effort to prevent christian converts . western literature is littered with emotionally charged denunciation of muslims in general and islam and its prophet in specific . there is no comparable broadbased movement against chritianity amongst the musli ms the muslims are constrained by their belief system not to be disrespectful of jesus , while the christians and their clergy seem to take great pleasure in trying to outdo each other in the amount of venom they can spew out against muhammed pbuh and islam . the subconciuos hatred of the muslims seems to be a thread that links all christians , the religious as well as the secular . the battle for converts is surely to be won by the musli ms
1			product	bad	item	defective			bad product . i have ordered several of these in the pa st the squeakers in the item i just received do not work . i believe that i was sent a used and defective item .
2			batteries	fresh	review	great			works great when you can get it to work . i originally wrote a great review for this product , but after buying three of these zappers and having all three break within a year , i will not be buying them anymore . as far as i can tell , they work great , but are somewhat poorly made , using very delicate parts not suited for their purpose . my latest one simply died one day . i actually watched a rat walk into it , take the dog food , and leave , so it obviously wasn not carrying a charge . after two weeks , the power light wouldn not even cut on , even with fresh batteries .
2			bonu	great	line	long			awesome ! shirley recently visited my grove baptist and was selling cds . i didnt want to wait because the line was so long . the dvd is a great bonu live in concert !
2			research	little	brand	different	number	great			dont buy 2 d one just crashed . do a little research , wish i had , i bought two of these and both have crashed within 60 days of each other , less than 6 months old . very dissapointing , and after the crash i started reading up on them , and it appears there a great number of people who have shared my advice , buy a different brand , pay a bit more perhaps , and dont lose your data .
2			translation	finest	literature	modern	poet	great	originals	french			the finest translation of baudelaire in english . this bilingual edition masterfully translated by norman shapiro carefully transposes the french originals into a formal , poetic english idiom , which captures both the meaning and the music of baudelaire , the fallen angel and champion of evil . though conventional in terms of his metrics and poetic forms , baudelaire is arguably the first great modernist poet . one dives into the murky miasmata of these pages to discover a world of perverse pleasures , wrathful and sordid imagery and unregenerate vice glorified by one of its most eloquent spokesmen . baudelaire , a tortured personality , in which profound guilt is contraposed with carnal lust , satanism , delight in cruelty and a longing for hell , is one of the towering giants of modern european literature . his poetry is a bitter fruit that few can savour with impunity .
2			album	great	it	funny	voice	good	musician	good			i m not a fan , but this album is great . never liked jb much , never liked parrotheads , never liked novelty songs . but i do like this album . it is funny , happy , melodic , well produced , and a welcome introduction to this kind of country music for buffett fans who possibly never heard its type . like the oh brother , where art thou soundtrack , chill isn not the last word on this type music but it is an excellent place to start from a good musician with a good voice , a talent for picking the right songs and those to accompany him . i hope he does more music like this .
2			quality	great	collection	fantastic	tv	portable			enjoying the more gentle westerns . this is a fantastic collection of bonanza ! i have enjoyed sitting back and relaxing with the more gentle era of hour long shows . the quality of the dvd and the quality of the sound is great . i feel like i m watching bonanza on the color portable tv of days gone by . i love it ! !
1			quality	poor	monitor	additional	it	cheap	shade	different			poor quality . after hooking the cord up to an additional monitor , the color on the monitor would change to a different shade , almost a pastel color . i tried it on other monitors just to make sure that the monitor wasn not faulty . the fortunate thing is , that it was cheap . don not buy .
1			it	good no	acting	good no	movie	good no	wrap	bad	singing	good no			if you like the musical , don not get this movie ! i have been in godspell 3 times and looooove it , the musical , i mean . if i were victor garber i would take this movie off of my resume . it is just not good ! the singing and acting is just not good and give the name godspell a bad wrap . please , if you are giong to be in the musical , have been in the musical , or may be ever , and you choose to watch the movie please look at it as simply a joke . if you do the musical and the director teel s you to do anything like what the movie you don not want to be seen like they are . overall , the movie is not good , but please don not base your judgement of the musical on it .
2			book	great	he	interesting			great book for everyone . i met author taro gold in chicago on his book tour this month and he was as delightful and interesting as his books are . i have enjoyed all of his books but i think this one may be my favorite of all . it is called tao of mom but it's really a book for everyone and is probably the most diverse and thought provoking collection of wisdom i have come across in my life .
2			performances	best	film	exceptional	louiso	good	fidelity	high	view	great			a great view of human nature , and ourselves . i wasn not really sure what i was getting when i rented high fidelity . what i got was one of john cusack's best performances , as the insecure , brooding , introspective record shop owner . i likely was one of those vinyl geeks that populated cusack's store in my earlier years , though i don not recall ever getting quite so cranked up as jack black did on that customer who wanted the stevie wonder reco rd black by the way is obnoxious as hell , but here it worked brilliantly . todd louiso as the painfully shy co worker was also good , and the list of fine supporting actors made this film exceptional . cusack's woody allenesque discussions about his screwed up life with the viewers lend some insight to just how he got where he did , and it seemed like everyone i know who saw it caught some of themselves in if you have ever wondered why people keep around stacks and stacks of vinyl , here's a possible don not start thinking institutionalization for them .
1			story	worst	i	sorry	character	flat			the worst story i have ever read . there was no story line and i felt that tayo was a flat character . i was unable to really understand where the story was going and i m sorry , but the people who say it was life changing are full of crap ! if it was really that life changing then sweety you have no life . this book should have never been published and leslie should really stop writing . this book has proven that leslie has no skill and that she really should nt be writing while being depressed . her story truly reflected the sad state she was in . i m not trying to be mean , i m just being hone st
2			storage	easy	tent	great			camping at kiki's . this tent is great for indoor & outdoor camping . my nephew & niece camped out at kiki's house for christmas . and , loved the feel of adventure . easy assembly & fold up for easy storage !
2			things	great	work	best	music	great	work	original	lyrics	great	production	great			their best work yet . i used to cringe whenever i heard this band . recently however , i have really come to appreciate their work . i own every cd now and i must say , this one is up there at the top ! great production , great music , great lyrics . cof are artists that are doing very original work . catch them now at the top of their game . before they turn bad like all great things usually do !
1			narration	professional	she	terrible	version	original	problems	major	narration	worst			this is not the life that you are looking for ! i have no major problems with oprah in general , but the observable fact is inescapable she is terrible at this . i mean , wow . just , wow . this is the worst narration for a nature documentary i have heard since that clown on the extreme animals show . monotone and boring , it sounds like she's talking down to a three year old the whole is an excellent , excellent show to purchase , but i highly recommend you get the original british version with david's professional and more engaging narration .
2			style	great	style	new			mother of 4 . i already had two but my 4 year old really wanted one so i bought him one for his birthday . i just love them . it helps them to learn while having fun ! all my kids really love to play it . i highly recommend it for anyone 3 years old and up ! ! the new style is great ! !
2			cd	definitive	metal	black	album	great	anyone	foolish			best of genre . in my opinion , anthems to the welkin at dusk is the definitive black metal cd . i like it better than it's predecessor in the nightside eclipse , though , it's one of the best too . i saw a lot of 1 & 2 star reviews for this album , dismissing it , but anyone who can not see how beautifully orchestrated this album is , is foolish . it has bonus tracks from the reverence ep on it which make it even better , though , i don not think amazon lists them on the track li st i wish emperor could still put out an album as great as this one , not that equilibrium isn not good , it just doesn not come anywhere near to the level of greatness of anthems and eclipse . i have had this cd for 7 months now and i still listen to it habitually so it is certain worth the money .
2			approach	great	perspective	new	counseling	enjoyable	comic	great	asset	huge	mark	new			enjoyable marriage counseling ! great approach to assisting couples understand the inherent differences inmen / women . wonderful use of humor to enlighten and open our understandingof our spouse . gives a new perspective that can certainly help defuse some negativefeelings that may be present in a marriage relationshiphaving the new understanding mark brings to the table will be a huge asset toimproving your marriageis very is a great comic ! !
2			package	great	originals	definitive	cast	entire	vocal	great	job	great	versions	hard	vocally	different	soundtrack	great	vocally	little	it	usual no	skills	vocal			great soundtrack . while the practice of actors releasing records is not uncommon , it is unusual for an entire cast of virtual non singers , with the exception of huey lewis , to actually record an album for said cast's soundtrack album . it's even more surprising that it actually works out quite well . first , cruisin not only does huey lewis provide his usual impeccable work , but gwyneth paltrow pulls off a great vocal , possessing quite a lovely voice to boot . she also does a great job with babyface on just my imagination , proving that not all actresses lack vocal skills paging jennifer lopez , anyone ? her take on bette davis eyes is also a keeper , if just a little different vocally than the original . maria bello also aquits herself nicely on i can not make you love me and 'sweet dreams , hard to do considering the originals are somewhat definitive versions . overall , a great package .
2			album	great			don not buy the vinyl format . i m serious . very poorly remastering . i can not believe such a great album got so screwed in vinyl have to turn the volume to the maximum from the start , otherwise you will hear whispers and grass like that . very low will hear kinda scratchy sounds in the quiet compre la versin en vinilo , no vale la pena . suena muy bajo , hay que subir el volumen al mximo para escuchar bien . puta vida con esta remasterizacin .
2			novel	great	novels	great	thing	real			this is the real thing . for me , great novels do two things really well capture a time and a place , and capture subjective experience . a family saga captures a time and a place or several times and places and usually offers several subjective experiences as well . genius of the world does all that , and does it brilliantly . but ultimately , i found the book to be about something else , something even bigger the nature of faith and suffering in a world created by love and loss and the power of ideas . a book of heart , of power , of soul , of love ; and a great read a fast read , actually . as much as you can ask of any book . the mystery and emotion that are summoned by the ending get to me even now . a great novel .
2			product	great	product	similar			worth every penny ! great product . i don not think i will look for any other similar product anymore . i am asian with mix skin type . the powder kisses and melts into my skin without leaving a trace . a must finish touch ! ! translucent shade
2			lense	perfect	microscope	great	quality	great	price	high	microscope	educational	lenses	easy			celestron educational microscope 4030 . great microscope . we were looking for something with substance , not like a toy , but without the high price . this is it . easy to set up . the lenses are nice quality and easy to focus . the fine adjustment focus works beautifully . the reflector lense is perfect for using the microscope anywhere , not just near an outlet for a light source . all in all great quality for a fair price
1			taste	poor	read	good	tragedy	recent			like a foul tasting breakfast club . this book is a quick read , which is good , because it's poorly written . there are many sterotypes and it should offend many groups . many of the entries are in poor taste and at least two of the characters entries are filled with profanity . i don not understand why this book would be recommended by anyone ; especially in light of the recent college tragedy .
2			price	great	purchase	great	niece	old			great for babies . i purchased this for my 1 year old niece and my sister said she loves it . great purchase at a great price .
2			writing	sophisticated	example	great			a classic must read for everyone of all ages . this was one of the first book i ever read . it is a great example of how writing can be sophisticated . it is pretty obvious to everyone the satire that orwell creates . this really makes you think about politics and how it effects everyone .
2			thats	new	album	new	listen	great	album	good	fan	true			this is album is mansons best yet . i tell you one thing if you are a true manson fan , this new album is really good . for some fans and other they don not think highly of it but thats because they just don not hear manson lose intere st i think that by far this is mansons best yet . everyones is entitled to their opinion has some down fall on it with the song ka boom but mansons just trying something new thats all . i don not believe he's sold out . he's still going and still has that voice . it's a great listen to real won not be disappointed . respect is given to him for this album .
1			quality	bad			cheap plastic , bad quality . it was a disappointment . part of a twist broke within first 10 minutes . i wish i could find the same toy with better quality .
2			movie	great	days	glorious			great movie . my husband , a lifelong red sox fan , really likes this video . he gets to relive those glorious 4 days and not have to stay up until 1 00 am to do it !
2			issue	electronic	encarta	useful	encyclopedia	great	book	interesting	disappointment	great	encarta	old	encarta	interesting	britannica	great			only a reminder of a once great encyclopedia . anyone who used the great printed encyclopedia britannica of the 1940 to 70 will find this electronic issue a great disappointment . the comprehensive essays and in depth discussions just are not there . in many cases i found a three year old one disk encarta and a printed twenty year old world book more interesting and useful .
2			addition	great	favorite	old	manga	original	price	good			return of an old favorite . i read much of the original manga to this , but was blown away with the quality and pace of the anime . a great addition to any collection and a good price .
2			visit	next	thanks	special	lovers	different	aspects	great	artists	young			talented ! after his hit on the way down i would heard on the radio for some time , i figured to give his cd a try . not disappointed yet ! his hit tracks would have to be 2 on the way down , 4 exit to exit , 5 40 kinds of sadness , 6 echo park , 8 shame on me , 10 illusions . track 12 doesn not sound as good in straight acoustic , so just stick with 2 version . 3 & 9 are slower songs of his , and rather sappy . there are no disagreements for believers out there too . under special thanks he thanks jesus , and tracks 7 and 10 are rather spiritually based . overall , an improvement to the other young artists out there right now , with great aspects for all different music lovers . he's a sweetie & hottie him a chance on ur next visit to the cd section .
2			ms	best	songwriting	fantastic	songwriting	heavy	journey	fantastic	songwriting	great	rock	hard			hard rock at its best ! this is one of sabbath's best albu ms they seem to have it all at this point . great songwriting , vocals , guitar hooks , bass & dru ms fantastic heavy sond . from start to finish this collection of songs takes you on a fantastic listening journey . it doesn not matter if you like ozzy or dio this is one excellent album ! !
2			i	disappointed	i	thrilled	noise	great	sound	fantastic	eq	crappy	equalizer	suck			use a custom eq . so i got these for christmas and i was thrilled ! when i first tried them with my ipod though , i was disappointed . the equalizer's on my ipod suck so i tried the headphones with music on my computer and with a custom eq . amazing . absolutely fantastic sound i tried them on halo reach . also fantastic ! it's almost as if you don not even need radar on halo or any other game with hq sound . you can tell where most stuff is from just concentrating on the sound . overall , great noise cancelling stereo phones and well worth the buy if you are using them for something besides ipods with crappy eq's
2			films	big	transfer	great	doings	wrong			kathleen turner fans need this film in their collection . in 1984 kathleen turner was doing big hollywood films such as romancing the stone . however , on the side she did a more obscure ken russell film called crimes of passion . this film truly showcases kathleen turner's talents as she portrays an advertising executive by day , and a hollywood hooker by night . anthony perkins plays a preacher trying to correct ms turner's wrong doings , while john laughlin plays a husband searching for intimacy . any fan of kathleen turner will want this film in their collection . i borrowed my friend's copy , and am eager to get it my summary a great transfer to dvd by anchor bay , with some deleted scenes thrown in . full uncut version of film , but only a mono soundtrack .
2			story	great	emphasis	main	widow	black	efforts	real			fhilippinos left out . a great story that needed telling . i was impressed with the opening scene of the massacre at palawan , an item usually never mentioned which gave the reason and urgancy for the operation . the main emphasis was on the 6 h rangers the father of a friend of mine was on the raid which left out the real efforts of the alamo scouts . worst yet was the treatment of the fillipine guerrillas . not only did they protect the rangers from jap attack , they engaged them at consederable loss . contrary to the movie scene , the rangers did not come to the help of the guerrillas . minor detail was that the plane that overflew the camp was a p -61 black widow , not a lockeed hudson . for more info see hour of redemption by forrest bryant johnson and silent warriors by lance zedric .
1			excuse	poor			one's trash is another's treasure . i suppose the question you have to ask yourself when you watch this is am i a fan of kurt's legacy , or a fan of nirvana and the music ? if you are a fan of the music , you will be appauled and disgusted by this poor excuse for a documentary . if you are simply a fan of kurt's , and have no respect or regard for the other members of the band , then i suppose i can almost understand why you may enjoy this . in my opinion , i can not even say it was about nirvana . i can not say much about it except waste of time and money . but others may like it .
1			quality	poor	products	electronic			misleading brochure information on customer service . this answering machine has poor quality of speech reproduction and apparently no way to play back messages when trying to retrieve missed information . the brochure says , for customer service or product information , visit our website at ; however , this website is concerned only with telephone calling services and denies any connection with electronic products . they refer to their ask allie service which , again , is exclusively related to telephone calling . i had no choice but to give it 1 star ; it doesn not deserve even 1
2			fantasy	creative	novel	great	ring	magical			epic , exciting , creative fantasy . the fellowship the ring is the first part of j . r . r tolkiens epic fantasy trilogy about a hobbit named frodo baggins ; heir of bilbo baggins , hero of the hobbit . in the hobbit bilbo finds a magical ring that he takes home with him . then around fifty years later he gives the ring to his heir frodo . after sometime he finds out it is the ring that sauron the evil character of the book wants . if sauron gets the ring he can rule middle earth how ever he likes . so frodo must take it to the one place it can be destoyed . but that place is in the center of sauron's kingdom . so frodo and a few friends set out on an epic journey to sauron's kingdom . i would definenetly recommend that you read the hobbit before you read this book . if you don not you might have trouble understanding the plot of the book , plus the hobbit is another great tolkien novel . this book is one of the best i have ever read , and i would recommend it to anyone interested .
1			it	hate	movie	bad			my friend shot this movie with a gun , not a camera . my friend and i saw a preview for this movie with boondock saints . we both loved boondock saints so much that we decided to rent if . . dog . . rabbit . . after seeing the preview 30 times . i swear i could feel my iq drop at least two dozen points throughout the movie , and little did i know my friend felt the same , but we both sat through it for the other's sake . so yes , i have seen the movie all the way through and it is equally sucky all the way through . afterward , while discussing this movie , my friend and i decided that we hated it so much that he took it out into the backyard , put it on a stump , and shot it . honest to god . this movie was beyond bad . i enjoy santa claus conquers the martians and this movie was so bad that if i owned a gun i would have shot it a couple times myself . save yourself $ .35 and 2 hours and just jam sharpened carrots in your ears , its more enjoyable .
2			fun	great			k nex is great open ended fun . fun , fun , fun . the kids are busy for hours and they are using their imaginations . i just wouldn not be so enthusiastic about the 400 pieces some of those pieces are awfully small .
2			releases	best	beginning	perfect	sound	fantastic			very very good . this merzbow album must be one of masami akita's best releases ! it is mainly a brutal album , but with a lot of psychedelic parts . the pulsating sound , getting faster and faster at the first part of woodpecker number 1 is fantastic , and the beginning of woodpecker number 2 is just perfect . all songs have such atmospheric parts , mostly at the same time with masami's brutal noise bursts . this album is a perfect mix of psychedelia and harsh noise highly recommended .
2			it	good	it	heavy no	cd	awesome			orgy rocks ! this cd is awsome ! i think every song is totally rad . it's not as heavy as their first one but it's still really good . if you like candyass , you will like this one . i recomend all orgy fans to get it . rock on !
2			book	classic	insight	tremendous	addition	great			success . classic book . this is a great addition to any book collection . if you don not have it , you need to get it ! deepak is has tremendous insight .
2			book	little	introduction	great	recipes	easy	book	nice	recipes	various			great introduction to chinese cookery . although there are no pictures illustrating the various recipes this is a nice little book . the recipes are well written and easy to follow and the selection is quite comprehensive . this would be an excellent book for the cook who wants to try their hand at dishes that go beyond the standard take out menu fare .
2			it	boring	begining	great			no no no . oh my goodness the begining was great but as i went to the middle it became so boring i had to stop . i am serious their was barely any character development and it was just boring .
2			product	great	looks	amazing	itself	worth	pipe	new			great product . it was either get a new pipe to replace mine which was starting to rust / oxidize , or cover it up with wrap . since the bike itself was only worth $ 1000 i didn not want to spend the same amount on the exhau st i purchased this , wrapped it up and it looks amazing . you will probably need more wrap than you think though , this stuff doesn not go very far . i used 1 and a half rolls for a 4 -1 header for a motorcycle .
2			guy	fantastic	piano	available	piano	best	opinion	humble			piano romantico . heard this music being played as background music in a mexican restaurant . the waiter was kind enough to get me the title . i ordered it and it came with 2 disks . in my humble opinion , this is the best piano music available . this guy is fantastic . it is now standard dinner background music at our home .
1			track	right	problem	big	game	worst	think	good	game	realistic no	editor	weak	tracks	real	graphics	terrible	physics	worst	game	bad			far off the mark . this game is really bad . the tracks look nothing like the real life tracks , if it didn not tell you what track you choose you would never know . all the jumps are either to far or to short making the timing difficult . the graphics are terrible even for the playstation and the rider physics are the worst i have ever seen in any motocross game , then you have to turn the bike without crashing which is a big problem . hey when was the last time you wen not 80 ph on your 125 on a supercross track , that's right , you havn not , but in this unrealistic game you can . this is the worst motocross game on the market , and i have played them all , the only half way good think is the track editor which is still weak . take my advise and buy supercross circut instead . you won not be let down .
2			dialogue	humorous	release	particular	treat	real	deal	great			well made movie , badly made discs . i love the movie itself . the dialogue is humorous and carries a great deal of wisdom but the real treat is in seeing bogart's performance as he gradually slips into madness , corruption and reason i give this 4 stars instead of 5 is because i had to buy this twice . on the second disc , there had been a part in the documentary about walter huston that the dvd froze on and didn not play any further . i didn not have this problem when i ordered another copy , though . if this type of problem is extremely uncommon for this particular dvd release , then i classify this as a must see .
2			author	great	book	helpful	book	great			loved it ! this book is great and very helpful for all acoas ! i loved it and it really gave me some skills to take home ! janet woititz is a great author who is very knowledgeable about her subject , and i recommend this book to anyone struggling to deal with being an adult child !
2			movie	fantastic	boys	bad	boys	awesome			bad boys is awesome . out of all the action film buddy movies smith and lawrence are the best this movie is fantastic so good
2			ride	good no	price	great			great price . ordered these for my 95 astro van . they work as expected and were a great price . just beware that the ride might not be as good as with standard shocks . i pull a race car trailer and it works to level out the van when the trailer is hitched .
2			ms	proble	shoe	great			very cute . another great shoe from naughty monkey . as stated in other reviews , a little wide but not too much to create proble ms not an all day shoe but very cute and attention grabber . only problem is the shoe is fabric and can get dirty .
2			cookies	great			great cookies . my son and neice love these . i bought them in bulk . my son started eating them around 9 months . i like them too i will purchase these again in the future .
2			item	great	product	great			great item ! i love how it feels . better grip . it doesn not protect the screen but its better than having it bare . goes in perfectly and stays there perfectly . i love the color . you can not even tell what color you zune is . great product .
2			movie	disappointing	bit	small	series	great			disappointing follow up to a great series . this movie is a disappointing follow up to a great 's much darker in mood and all of the whimsy of the series was eliminated ! the small bit of closure wasn not worth the time .
1			thing	good	layout	poor	equation	real			poor layout . i was assigned this text for my biostatistics class . unfortunately , it is a poorly designed textbook , as everything is backwards . rosner gives examples before he introduces the material ; he derives formulas before giving the real equation to only good thing about the text are the summaries included on the cd rom . i have decided to read these instead of the actual text , because they are straightforward and leave out extraneous material .
2			it	great			my favorite book . i have owned at least 4 of these books and constantly talk about it . i have given them as gifts and some have been borrowed and never returned . over the past 5 years i have recommended this book to all of my friends . it is great for anyone who has broken up with someone or who just feels down in the dumps . it is very uplifting and if you can actually make a change in your life this book will help you . trust me !
2			movie	great	city	large	recall	total	murders	major	mother	old	excaped	lucky			great movie . when is the dvd coming out in america ? i can not believe i am seeing it , my 98 year old mother in law said , it is like total recall . she said i lived through that and even saw a church being torched full of men , women and children . the turks , she said , killed the remaining christian men and boys in my city . in my father in law's large city of maras , some 99 of the christians were killed or deported , most to the dry syrian desert by 1921 or the lucky few excaped at night south to syria as did my father in law after his parents and all siblings but one were slaughtered he was 15 then . the major murders of the christians occurred beginning in april 1915 to 1916 and again in january 1920 some few thousand managed to excape to syria . and the turks until this day say there was never dr stanly kerr's lions of marash book 1973 whose book varified these episodes and more .
2			gift	great	exciting	practical	exciting	easy	they	amazing			it's a winner ! janet and chris attwood have created a winner with the passion te st they are amazing at creating a book that's so practical , easy , fun and exciting to read . i found working the steps to creating my own passions filled my life with renewed meaning and beauty . this book will be a great gift for me to buy for my family and close friends , so they can discover passions of their own . i delcare , it's a winner .
2			fun	great			isaac azimov presents super quiz . great fun to really exercise the brain and the boook was published in 1982 so some of the tv and movie questions reflect that era . overall an excellent brain game to have around the house .
2			cook	great	storyteller	great	timing	bad	banana	good	reader	regular no			mother maya . reading this book of recipes and relating stories made me think of my grandmother . she was a great storyteller and a great cook . for me , hallelujah ! the welcome table had that feeling of home and nostalgia plus it had the added flavor of entertainment my favorite good banana , bad timing . i m not a regular reader of non fiction nor am i a cook , but when this book came out a while back , i knew i had to get it for the sake of having it on my bookshelf . while i will probably never try any of the recipes , many years after maya has made her home in heaven , i will have this wonderful piece of history to call my own . thanks mother maya .
1			myths	bad	performance	best	commands	useful			excellent book about oracle's performance . this is the best performance and tuning book about oracle that i have order of the chapters , is how you must exactly follow the performance and tuning process to reach the best performance of your os tuning chapter explains the most useful commands that a oracle's dba must to know to monitor the has a deep section about the raid's starts each chapter with the myth & folklore and the fact section which describes some bad myths about the oracle's performance . thanks to gaja krishna , kirtikumar and john to give and share us your experience in this excellent book .
2			pot	small	it	simple	coffeemaker	basic	coffeemaker	great	pot	large			great basic coffeemaker . i have had this coffeemaker for over 3 years and have been pleased with it's performance . it is simple to clean , and i like both the fact that is has a clock display and that it has a setting for brewing a small pot 1 -4 cups , as i am rarely making a large pot with just two coffee drinkers in the house !
2			vocals	great			aweseome cd . this is one of the few cds i own where i like every single song on it . shepherd is an excellent guitar player , and showed off his prodigy chops on this cd . vocals are great , and there's something wrong with you if you don not enjoy this cd . definitely a
2			unplugged	great	rocker	classic	anything	great	sabbath	black			a baby boomer rates nirvana . i never really liked nirvana until i happened to see part of nirvana's unplugged on tv one day when i was flipping channels . i am a baby boomer who grew up listening to led zeppelin , deep purple , black sabbath , etc when i first heard smells like teen spirit on the radio i didn not really like it . about the only so called grunge rock that i liked was neil young's mirror ball and some of his other work with crazy horse . of course anything by neil young is great . and nirvana unplugged is great . i bought both the dvd and cd ; they are both 5 star recordings . if you are a classic rocker like myself and think you don not like nirvana , watch this one . you will love it .
1			girl	tough	ass	bad	yarn	entertaining	he	hot			not if you are looking for non rape y undertones in your romance . i was really disappointed with this one . i don not read trashy romance novels because they are so well , trashy but in past books ms roberts has proven she can spin a yarn which manages to be entertaining and full of steamy romance without using words that make you want to wash your brain out with said i have a problem with the he tied me up and could have raped me , and i thought he was really hot so i kind of wanted him to , but he didn not so now we are going to fall in love plot line . the heroine is supposed to be a bad ass tough girl , but comes off more like an emotionally unhinged mental patient who seriously flirts with rape of respect for her writing style i m giving this a two otherwise , it would be a one all the way .
2			condition	great			farscape season 4 . item arrived in great condition . this completes my series . i have bought all 4 through amazon .
2			history	wonderful	book	boring	ideas	great			this book is boring ! this is one of the most over rated books of the year . i could not get past the first 50 pages without falling asleep . the history of great ideas can be wonderful , but this book totally fails to bring the people , places and thoughts alive .
1			mower	different	filters	bad			mower and motor are both garbage . after 80 hours , the poorly designed air filter leaked and the motor ingested dirt and eventually failed . google briggs intek failure , there are two primary reasons for this motor to fail . the first is the air filter doesn not seal properly even with proper newer models have been redesigned with an oval filter instead of the bad accordion filters . the second reason this motor fails is when used on inclines , the number one pistonget's starved for deck , i have had several spindle mandrel breakages and bearing failures due to unsealed bearings . about every use of the mower , i had to replace some broken part until it completelyfailed at 80 a different brand mower and motor .
2			imagination	great	addition	nice			copter . this is a nice addition to the set . although it doesn not have noises or lights . it is not real thrilling to a child , unless they have a great imagination . my child doesn not use it that much .
2			game	great	group	large	challenge	particular			a great game , but come on ! i have been working on this game off and on for quite a while . it's a fun challenging in a lot of places . i especially like the feature where you can collect bounties other than the one that's your primary objective . though some of these are stuck in the midst of a large group of enemies , making it nearly impossible to get to them without taking them out problematic when they are wanted alive . i m now just over halfway through the game i think , and it's just too darn because of any particular challenge , but because there are just too many enemies by the time i think i m getting near the end of the level , i run out of continues , and i have to start over ! i have tried it more times than i can count , and just cannot get through this level . i just don not have that much patience i have ordered a controller with a turbo option , to see if that makes things it does , i will post an update .
2			dvd	next	i	new	workouts	long no	i	happy	workout	great	section	next			wanting to be a bombshell ! i bought this dvd almost a year ago . i finally decided to use it and i am happy that i did . i did find the dvd very helpful , the workouts are not long and there are some rest periods throughout each workout . in my opinion workout 2 is the hardest , i am not a fan of burpees at all but they do get easier . i do not really rest during the breaks , if i need a rest i take it , if not i fast forward to the next section . overall a great workout ! i will probably get her next dvd . i am new to the kettlebell thing and i am using a 10 pound bell . this seem like just the right size for a beginner .
1			villain	good	book	worst			wow ! what a stinker ! i wish i could give this no stars . i have read most all of linda howard's other books and liked most all of them very much . this , however , is the worst book i have ever read , written by anyone ! i can not even finish it , because it just doesn not get any better . the heroine is spineless , lacking all self respect , and unlikable . the hero is hateful , ego maniacal , cruel , and like the another reviewer said , would make a good villain . i kept reading until jessica left nikolas after he insulted her , verbally abused her really , told her she wasn not good enough to marry him ! then she went back to him and i couldn not stomache any more . this is not a romance . actually , i wondered if some chauvenistic male wrote it and linda howard just put her name on it . don not read this , any other linda howard book will be worth your time .
2			work	great			nailed it again ! douglas preston nails it again ! i can not get enough of these books . when i start them , i can not put them down . i don not have them all yet , but my collection is getting bigger . i m almost done with not he codex , and then on to would inosaurs in the attic . keep up the great work !
1			it	good	cube	bad	i	excited			this cube is bad . knowing how to solve the 3 3 rubik's cube i was excited for the challenge of the 4 4 i ordered a rubik's and did not enjoy solving it because it was so bad . after watching a few legitimate reviews i decider to look at a new 4 4 i ordered a lanlan 4 4 and i have shunned my rubiks ever since . it cost half as much and was more then twice as good . the rubiks turns horribly and locks up consistently . i can solve the lanlan twice as fast and i thoroughly hate the rubik's . do not buy this for the same $ 20 you could get a lanlan or better yet a eastsheen , meffert , or maru .
2			quality	fantastic	it	true	movie	awful	thing	hate	content	horrible	movie	original			what a bust for adults and children . my son , who is six , owns just about every car and collectable from the first movie . as a family , we have watched cars the original no fewer than 300 times . and that is not an over statement it's true . we all loved the original second movie was awful . just aaaaaaaaaaawful ! my son couldn not sit still , we went to the theatre and he hated the whole thing , start to finish . i m someone who really does not enjoy michaal cain and when i tell you that he was my favorite part of the movie that should speak a bust for pixar . who fell asleep at the helm of this project ? as for the actual blue ray and digital copy i m not reviewing that . the quality is probably fantastic . it's the content that was horrible .
2			product	great	price	great			great product . there special made for bose speaker 201 and 301 series the price is great for what we get , come with hardware
2			splendor	vocal	music	great	effects	similar	music	superb	mermaid	little			great music ! you can not miss out on this one . hercules was a phenominal movie , ranking with aladdin , beauty and the beast , the little mermaid , and the lion king . this movie's music is just as superb . michael bolton lights up the speakers with his electrifying and passionate go the distance single , the muses are untouchable in their vocal splendor as well they should be they are the greek goddesses of music and art , and hercules himself has a heartfelt solo as well . this movie and its soundtrack is a must have for anyone who is trying to find who they are or where their going , who has ever loved someone dearly , or who has lost a loved one to foul play . simply splendid ; but be warned the movie is a tear jerker , and after watching it , listening to the music can have similar effects .
2			disappointment	great	storyline	interesting			not what i expected . i thought this book would be an interesting read , combining romance and adventure / mystery . what i found , though , was a great disappointment . the romance was anything but ; it was pure porn and a lot of it . and the characters were so poorly developed that their actions and emotions became grating for their unpredictability . the storyline was interesting , but the overload of porn and unlikable characters rendered this an unenjoyable read .
2			concept	great	you	disappointed			leaky hose . great product concept but it leaked right out of the box . i would not advise the purchase of this product as you will be disappointed .
1			quality	poor	casting	thin	packaging	horrible			junk . first off , the packaging was horrible . it came in a box not much bigger than the pan with no packing at all . the handle was sticking out the side of the box when i got it ! no biggie though . i opened the box and found the pan to be of poor quality , the handle was barely long enough for me to hold in my hand and with no handle opposite , it would be a chore to move this baby around when you had a few pounds of food in it ! the casting was really rough and you could see that there was about a 3 inch spot in the middle where the casting was very thin . this thing was junk and i sent it back to be replaced by a lodge . bayou classics are cast in china and they look like it ! wish i knew that before i ordered it !
1			imho	poor	adapter	original	shock	static	shock	small			broken in 3 months . much lighter than the original adapter which is usually a sign of poor quality imho . also only two prong power cord which is probably why it shorted out after a small static electricity shock hit me . not very good quality .
2			songwriting	outstanding	songs	light	music	fresh	melody	great			awesome . this is definitely an album worth getting . neil's intoxicating melodies and vocals are back with full force . there's some really outstanding songwriting here , combining great melody , harmony , rhythm and lyrics . my favorite songs are faster than light with its hauntingly beautiful harmonies , the upbeat last one standing and she will have her way , and sinner , which is a sensual masterpiece . this album may take several listens to really get into , but after a while , you won not be able to get it out of your head . i highly recommend this album to fans of neil finn and crowded house , and anyone else who wants some fresh , quality music to listen to .
2			they	great	kids	grand	types	different			swisscard . i love it . there are a dozen different types . i got this one for myself . i got the one without the flashlight for my wife and grand kids . they are great .
2			network	social	indian	historical	treatise	good	deal	great	context	social			review . very good treatise . author explains a great deal about archaeological methods , concepts . perhaps unnecessary for those with archaeology backgrounds , yet helpful . places historical indian buddhism in a wider social context and adds evidence to the fact that buddhism , through buddhist monasteries and buddhist mendicant monks were widespread throughout india and were integrated into a pan indian trading and social network from 300 bc to 300 ad . these dates of course are arbitrary but embrace the reco rd
1			character	new	quality	poor	itself	poor	it	old			very disappointing . having recently finished the cooper novel , i looked forward with anticipation to watching this film version of the last of the mohicans . what a mistake that was , because this movie is lacking in several areas . foremost , for me , was the fact that the film strayed very far away from the plot and storyline of the original . not only were the fates of the characters changed dramatically , but a completely new character was created for this film . needless to say , this was an unwanted if that weren not bad enough , the quality of the film itself was rather poor , both audio and video . spoken words were often either garbled or missing entirely . the film sometimes was spliced or shook for a few seconds . taken altogether , it made for an unenjoyable viewing experience . i give this two stars , only because it is so old 1932 . but i cannot recommend it .
2			condition	good	book	fantastic	student	next			college used book purchase . the book i purchased strategies for successful writing a rhetoric , research guide , reader and handbook 8 h edition was an e book from school . i would rather have a book in hand to read whenever and where ever i may be . i was able to purchase this book from am , for about $ 22 with shipping and the book was fantastic . i loved it , was in good condition and still is . i will pass it on to the next student
2			thing	big	effects	special	advantage	big	player	free	miniseries	great			great miniseries . let's be clear . this is not the movie ! hence , the special effects are less . to me that was not a problem though . it's a great miniseries . the only thing i really didn not like were the over the top costums to big , to what about the would irector's cut . well it's actually the same as the dvd version you could buy in the netherlands , but there is one big advantage . this us version has a very interesting commentary track and a lot of specials that inform you about the production . the special about the translites is the most interesting . and what is also important , the picture quality of this us version is much better than the dutch or european versions . so everyone in europe . if you have a region free dvd player buy this version !
2			it	ok	it	worth	it	bad no			view it as a series of b sides and it's worth a quick listen . yes , i know this is a hated disc but it's not that bad really . the production lets it down , sounds like it was recorded in a garage with some of the bass riffs crackling horribly . not much chance of this getting a digital remastering i think ! if you view it as a series of b sides or previously unreleased material it's ok . not worth buying at full price though . go for a used copy . chances are it hasn not been used all that much ! ghastly album cover too . just truly bad . looks like it was slapped together by a student . it does the album no favours at all .
1			look	nice	i	bad	plants	alive			dumb packaging . hahaha , other than the packaging , these things work well . my mother loves them , and i have a few for the plants in my own place . they look nice and do not indicate how poor i am at keeping plants alive . i am really bad at it . i m looking at one of my dying plants , right now . life is so fragile . i need another aqua globe . and a beer .
2			situations	high	range	great			long time user . i love this lens . i use it on my canon xt . the range is great for that mid stuff that seems to always come up . the is does allow me to shoot about one stop darker , as long as my subject isn not the one moving . i do notice a bit of chromatic shift when shooting in high contrast situations .
2			problem	main	game	good	patches	different	play	stable	shame	real	game	great	concept	impressive			a great game if it weren not for the crashes . this is a good game , but the main problem is the frequency of the crashes . after a day of stable play , it started to crash to the desktop after every turn , then every time i tried loading a saved game . a real , real shame , because it is an impressive concept . i installed three different patches , to no avail . i think you need a lot more familiarity with computers than i have in order to solve the bugs by tinkering befor you can truly enjoy this program .
2			quality	great			great quality for the price . great quality and value for the price ! two movies basiclly for the price of one ! also , the video quality was great .
2			reading	great	read	great			more vlad great reading . this is the second collection of books about vlad taltos human assassin in a world of elves . it's a great read ! this collection continues the story of vlad the first 3 books are in the book of jhreg which i also highly recommend .
2			movie	great	characters	great			danelle steel's vanished . this movie was excellently done . great characters for the parts and following well with ms steel's book . i loved her books and the movie were great to beable to later see and enjoy visually .
2			toy	great	generation	next	son	old			great toy , but encountered problem . my 3 year old son loved this puter from the moment we hooked it up . he is learning and getting a lot out of it , but have encountered continuous problems with the keyboard not going into sleep mode since their is not an on / off switch . within the first three weeks i have gone through 2 sets of keyboard batteries and 1 set of console batteries buy the adapter for the console ! today i called leapfrog and initially they tried to tell me to remove the batteries after every use yea right ! now they are going to replace the keyboa rd . hopefully that will do the trick . they should have designed it so you could turn it off . maybe the next generation !
2			price	great			usb cord . great price and fast delivery . it was just what i needed , and it works perfectly . what more could you ask for ?
2			bond	best	levels	hard	level	hard	levels	easy	it	nice	level	easy	job	great	game	great	they	detailed			hard , but easy . i thought this was a great game . i rented it over a weekend and i beat it two days . of cource i was playing all day ! some levels were hard , but some levels were easy . it was nice after beating a hard level to do an easy level . i think the programers did a great job with the graphics because they were so detailed . i didn not mind the three second wait while the game was loading . overall this was by far the best bond !
2			songwriting	great	career	musical	one	quick	one	new			a look back before looking forward . if you have just discovered is a comprehensive summary of their musical career over the past eight years , showcasing the great songwriting , song selection , diversity , and unique harmonies the band has become known for . grab this one quick and get caught up on all that you have missed the new one will be here by the end of the year !
1			books	worst			skipping christmas . i wish grisham had skipped writing this , the publisher had skipped publishing it and most certainly that i had skipped reading it . one of , if not the worst books i have ever come across . i would advise anyone to skip reading it even if they were offered payment to do otherwise !
2			book	great			mountian hawk . great book but there is some confusion as to the order of the series the first book is wings of the hawk not cry of the hawk as stated on this page and even on the book . cry of the hawk was by terry johnson .
1			books	worst	characters	laughable	sleeping	entertaining	fan	big	it	hard			cornwell wrote this ? i am a big patricia cornwell fan and love her writing style but there are two of her books i would recommend avoiding this one and portrait of a killer . isle of dogs was by far one of the worst books i have ever wasted time reading . i thought the plot was pretty hokey and the characters were laughable . it's hard to believe cornwell actually wrote this book . the only reason i made it to the end of the book is that i was reading it on the commuter bus on the way home from i realize that sleeping would have been more entertaining .
2			atmosphere	great	movie	old			the top classic . the best christie book . although the movie is kinda old , it is still warned that , if you have read the book , the ending is not the same . and that is what i really don not like , hence the 4 5 the ending in the movie is a bit more romantic , but it simply muffs the great atmosphere of the whole plot .
2			theory	original	anyone	interested	evidence	scientific	evidence	fresh	pharaoh	wrong	it	great	discoveries	fresh	accounts	biblical	phenomena	natural			a must see ! this video presents fresh scientific archeological evidence that supports the biblical accounts of joseph and the arrival of israelites to egypt and the exodus . the historically speculative time period for the exodus and the presumed pharaoh is convincingly challenged to be wrong and the actual time period of the exodus to be earlier which explains why much of this evidence hasn not been discovered or associated until now . it's great to see archeology support the exodus and an original theory of natural phenomena that plausibly explains the 7 plagues . a must watch for anyone that's interested in fresh archeological discoveries in context of the exodus .
2			cd	best	ted	good	buffalo	great			uncle ted . this cd rocks , but i find free for all his best cd , but everyone who likes good ol uncle ted should own it . after free for all and great white buffalo live version uncle ted losses his edge .
2			husband	rich	job	great			widow's walk . widow's walk is the 29 h spenser novel by robert parker . i look forward to getting his spenser novels each spring . mary smith is charged with the murder of her rich husband , nathan smith who was murdered in his bed . it appears that the only other person in the house was mary . mary claims that she was watching tv at the time . parker does a great job with her character ; mary isn not very intelligent to say the lea st spenser begins to investigate and finds that someone doesn not want him on the case at all . he is followed , then someone tries to kill him . then , other people involved in the case are found dead . spenser is stumped until the very end . spenser is back in boston for this one after being in georgia and arizona for the last 2 books . i think this is an excellent addition to this long running pi series .
2			review	short	resource	great	techniques	advanced	access	professional	basic	visual	access	valuable			great resource for learning how to use access to analyse your data . while most access books focus on designing forms and reports , this book goes straight to the basics of analyzing data . after a short review of table design , the author quickly gets to the heart of data analysis by showing how to construct queries by using access's graphical interface and illustrating how to write your own sql . advanced query techniques using subqueries and domain aggregate functions are fully author demonstrates how to create pivot tables and charts from within access and how to use visual basic for applications to increase the power of your application . i recommend this book for beginning and intermediate users of access who need to learn how to use access to analyze data . truitt bradlysenior actuarial analystmicrosoft office access most valuable professional 2007
2			chorus	catchy	song	old	effort	great	love	foolish	piano	gorgeous	operas	little			rufus creates lush soundscapes of beauty . rufus wainwright has released a dazzling debut album , full of lovely warm melodies framed in a landscape of gorgeous piano and orchestral arrangements . wainwright takes his lyrics of romance and heartbreak , mixes them with drama like little operas and combines music that is part pop , part folk , and part showtune . listen to the bittersweet opening track foolish love , or the delicate and seductively sweet barcelona , wainwright pours out his heart on both tracks . the song april fools rocks along like an old beatles song with a chorus that is very catchy . the beautiful in my arms was produced by pierre marchand sarah mclachlan . with each listen the songs and his lived in tenor voice really grow on you . wainwright has created lush soundscapes of beauty that are tender and bittersweet but made with a lot of heart . this is a great debut effort , and i look forward to his future works .
2			characters	great	it	hard			disjointed story line . a wandering story line left me wondering who was alive , and if not , when had they died ! it was hard to keep tract of the plot when it jumped from present to past and back over and over again . it wasn not a book i could read without putting it down . it had great characters locked into a disjointed story .
2			product	great	product	natural	price	great			great product . great natural product has everything that we as male need with less additives and sugars . great price and i will keep buying them .
1			ant	worst	felt	good			raid should be sued for this ! i can not believe i bought this crap twice . i felt so good about raid's name recognition that i assumed the first failure was a fluke . these traps actually repel ants ! i m embarrasses to tell you how long i have spent watching the traps and the ants won not go near it . i even put it in the middle of an ant trail and they just go around it . i even put a dollop of honey on it and they still won not even climb up to get the has to be the worst ant trap ever .
2			product	great	i	big	price	great			great product . thank you for such a great product . i am very big into fish tanks and this tube allowed me to do a number of things with it . price was great and delivery was fa st
2			extras	good	player	great	packs	extra			good extras to become great . diamond is planning on selling extra memory packs it doesn not use flash or any othe standard memory , and a remote / radio tuner soon . once these are available it will be a great player .
2			effects	visual	story	true	performance	excellent	moral	great	feel	good	family	entire	adventure	incredible	willy	free			fascinating and enjoyable for the entire family ! visual effects are stunning in this incredible , unforgettable adventure , based on a true story . it has much to ponder on , especially if you love the mysteries of the sea and animals . acting performance is excellent and at times , i reverted back to free willy . i love and adore refreshing movies as such that makes you feel good at the end . a great moral to the story , and this is one i would watch again and again as i do with all my favorites . this film aims to please in every way . highly recommended !
2			hooks	great	version	japanese	riffs	memorable	track	best	cherrie	hot			just listen . this cd is a love at the first listen , memorable riffs , great hooks , neal schon . is playing like a god here . and gioeli axel rudi pell vocalist is the top spot here . i think this cd . is one of the bests cd's that i listened in the last 5 years songs are . hot cherrie , dr love , cant find my way and change of heart . if you get the japanese version of this cd . the best track on the album is the bonus track . called love leads the way . wonderful cd . order this cd now .
2			characters	interesting	stories	great			love this show ! this is a show i look forward to watching every week . the characters are interesting , and the stories are great . i hope the show continues on for a long while .
1			dreck	horrible	music	worst	word	french	singing	high			is everyone here deaf ? just looking at the cover of this album lets you know of the horrible insipid dreck inside . b would ay is a perfect name as that is the french word for the plumbing that cleans your backside . the picture of her looks like faust collected early on her soul . oh my lord , this is the worst music imaginable . she just wails into the microphone instead of singing . singing loud and high doesn not necessarily make you a singer . jay z also has you sheep fooled . simply repeating your rap name and saying words like flow and go . someday the public is going to wake up to the fact that most rappers are talentless and soul less idiots who aren not motivated enough to learn an instrument and write songs of their own . when i hear songs off this album i just want to poke my eardrums out . please quit buying this garbage so it will go away ! !
2			communication	spiritual	bernstein	young	issue	annual	level	personal	recordings	great	recording	magical	version	true	girls	pretty			an annual swimsuit issue of a mahler ninth . i can understand all the praises poured down on this recording . the recording is almost magical and the orchestral playing leaves nothing to be desired . it is just like the sports illustrated annual swimsuit issue . the girls are so pretty , sensuous , and beautifully photographed . and yes , both are utterly devoid of spiritual communication while still remaining attractive . the immense hollow is probably the only thing karajan delivers , as he does most of the time . there are many great recordings of mahler ninth , klemperer , boulez , young bernstein , and even abbado with mahler youth orchestra , for example , which will surely amaze you at the very personal level . this recording is a true hollywood version of mahler ninth , although some people mistakenly label bernstein with that name . if you need to buy karajan's record , i would recommend his vienna new year's concert . that was the only time i found karajan really satisfying .
2			beliefs	celtic	ghosts	celtic	folklore	celtic	book	great			great book on celtic beliefs ! i own this first edition book , and i treasure it immensely . lewis spence makes ancient beliefs understandable . he covers the gambit of celtic and early british folklore . here you can read everything from the nature of celtic ghosts , to their understanding of what occurs after death . learn about druidism , bardism , king arthur , the holy grail , and just about everything else that is related .
2			songs	classic	men	solid	quality	great	bass	current	set	great	selection	great	songwriter	great			excellent live set from a great american songwriter . a great set from john hiatt backed by the always solid guilty men . including elvis's current bass player davey though it's from a concert over 10 years ago . still sounds current . a great selection of classic hiatt songs and the typically great quality video and sound .
2			costner	awesome	movie	great	generations	new			exposing new generations to a wonderful movie ! this is a great movie ! kevin costner is awesome in this film . i have always enjoyed this story and now i have passed it down to two younger generations to enjoy .
1			way	hard	age	nasty	felt	sorry	age	bad			touching . i just finished reading the book yesterday . it was very touching . imagine , a girl my age getting pregnant . i had no idea people my age were that bad and nasty . i felt so sorry for annie and i wanted to tell her everything would work out for the best , and it did ! at the beginning i knew that she shouldn not be hanging around with danny and his crowd , but she learned her lesson , even if it was the hard way . reading this book may save your life and make you think twice about having sex .
2			it	available	i	glad	information	new	coverage	good	book	great			there's more to it than the hunley ! this is a great book , and any enthusiast on the subject should have it available for the excellent coverage of non hunley issues . the coverage of hunley in this book is as good as could have been assembled at the date of publication , but the recovery of the hunley means a lot of new information has been discovered since this was published . i m really glad i have my copy , picked up in a charleston bookstore during a business trip soon after it was published . in 2003 the author published an updated edition that i haven not yet seen .
2			documentary	good	field	great	it	fun			good documentary . it was fun learning about this great field that i have piloted aircraft into and out of many times in the pa st it was also fun seeing people i knew in the video . if you are from the north idaho area or have any interest this is worth watching .
2			product	great	results	great	therapist	physical	dvd	great	it	close	job	great	note	personal	it	easy			great teaching dvd . great product ! it is as close to having a tai chi teacher in your living room as any dvd could hope to come . he does a great job of teaching the movements and repeating them several times so that your body memorizes them . it is easy enough for almost anyone to perform yet still challenging and relaxing enough to be appealing to anyone with a sincere interest to learn tai chi . great for personal note i have fibromyalgia and a post surgical hip injury . i find many exercise dvds to be either too aggressive or way too soft . this is perfect for me . i actually do the 10 minute warm up every morning now and in one month i have radically improved my flexibility and decreased muscle pain and stiffness . the leg strength i have developed from the balancing movements has gotten me to a place that my physical therapist stated that i no longer need pt for my hip ! i have had great results from tai chi ! this dvd was exactly what i needed to start tai chi .
1			child	small	quality	poor	crafmanship	poor	looked	unique			poor crafmanship . i collect chess sets and thought this one looked unique . the set arrived promptly and was well packaged . however , after unwrapping a few pieces , i saw that they were very sloppily made and the painting looked like that of a small child . the quality was unbelieveably poor . the set was returned for credit , minus my shipping costs .
1			guys	bad	guys	good			good guys fight bad guys with help of magic swo rd batman ramirez and robin quentin mcleod continue in their quest to rid the earth of the baddies . the evil kortan continues to try to eliminate quentin because a prophecy states that the highlander will destroy him and his empire as in luke skywalker . i see they follow the k name practise for the arch villain . there are a few scots included , but no immortality story lines
2			trike	great	feet	young	assembly	easy			trike is a hit . purchased for son's first birthday , this trike is great for pushing and riding for young feet learning to balance and explore . easy assembly . sturdy construction and cool look .
2			price	great	bit	tough			tough bit great price . easy to use . the bits hold an edge for a very very long time . . locally these bits are 3 times this price . i strongly endorse this product in the usa
1			favor	huge	videotransfer	poor	end	high			a waste of time and money ! please do yourself a huge favor ! do not buy this dvd . if youmust suffer through it , rent the . extremely poor videotransfer even on a high end system that is well calibrated . simplyunbearable . audio track no better . makes iron butterfly sound likethey are playing in a garage .
1			dialogue	ridiculous	development	weak	content	little	it	difficult	style	poor	magic	practical			poor writing style marred the plot . i found it difficult to overlook the substandard writing in this novella ! the dialogue between the characters was ridiculous and terse . what little content existed was wasted on weak character development . i cannot believe this made it past an editor's chopping block ! ! ! if you cherish beautifully written prose and prefer the paranormal , try reading one of alice hoffman's she is the author of practical magic .
2			price	regular	i	glad	price	great	market	major	station	clear			disappointing . i m glad i got this for a great price , because if i had bought it at regular price i would have been annoyed . it does work you can hear your ipod through the car speakers but it sounds like crap . there is so much background noise and hiss , you can hardly hear the music . i have tried every clear station in the area there aren not many , i m in a major market without any noticible difference . this was a bargain that wasn not a bargain , because now i need to find one that actually works the way it is supposed to .
2			life	like	finding	personal	world	like	book	great			step into sam's shoes . i was told to read this book if i enjoyed perks of being a wallflower and so i checked it out . overall , i thought it was a great book . it really lays everything out on the table for you , so there isn not anything that you miss or can not understand . you really get to see what life is like for sam and what the drug world is like . though there are some points in the book where it drags a little , that's just my personal finding . i really enjoyed the book and recommend it .
2			it	worth no	they	cheap	they	good	movement	great			good only for pitching . these balls are trash . they fall apart after being hit a few times with a wooden bat . they however are good for pitching , my curveball , slider , and change up have great movement with these balls . yet they do not carry off the bat and they fall apart easily , so it is not worth the money , even though they are cheap .
1			looks	stupid	movie	worst	he	stupid	you	terrible	i	bored			the worst movie . ever ! the actor can not act . can not even talk right . full of ghetto english . he looks stupid , acts stupid , and is probably stupid . i guess not as stupid as the director or the casting crew . i didn not get a chance to see how to movie ends . i was so bored i had to turn it off after 15 to watch the travel channel . anthony treach , please craw back to the ghetto you came from and not waste any space on the shelf . please try very hard not a act anymore , really . honestly , you are terrible .
2			service	great			the gift of teaching . i really enjoyed the above book and thought well enough of it to buy two more of them . great service !
1			abominations	worst	claims	ludicrous	scholarship	atrocious	it	true			rule 1 just because it's published doesn not mean it's true . this one of the worst abominations ever put in print to describe catholicism . it is of note only for its ludicrous claims , half truths , and outright lies . don not be fooled this text is nothing more than run of the mill , pitifully ignorant anti catholicism at its has value only as an example of atrocious scholarship , flagrant misrepresentation , and outright bigotry .
2			information	good	foods	different	purchase	great			lots of good information and facts . this book helps a lot . it teaches you how to train , when to train , what sorts of things you should do , and different foods to eat . this will help you prepare . it is a great purchase .
1			thing	worst			too political for me . i was really looking forward to this book . my excitement for it ended in the first chapter she stated the worst thing in life would be if one of her children were to come home and say they were a republican ! i wasn not looking for a politcal book i was wanting to read a warm , funny , touching story . i found it to be written without morals and if this is the opinions of most single women today we are in a world of hurt . i didn not finish it . it was revolting .
1			bops	suck	name	bad	song	good	children	little	music	current	bop	suck			peice , correction peices of crap . kidz bop , actually , all the kidz bops suck . they turned peices of me by ashlee simpson into peices of crap it was like the reverse of king mitus everything the kidz bop kidz sing turns to garbage . i actually liked the songs they sung before . i repeat before . or atleast before kidz bop sang it . they messed up pretty much every song and gave that songwriter a bad name . this cd sux you are better off listening to radio disney . when i heard my cousin's kidz bop cd , i was laughing sooo hard , i could hardly breath afterwards . however , this song is good for the little children who want to here current music , but their oarents wont let them get a certain cd because it has a parental advisory sign on it . ever heard of a clean version ? ? ! so i dont suggest this cd to anyone .
2			matter	great	read	easy	characters	main			dark of the sun . to begin , i am a fan of wilbur smith , having read about 15 books authored by him . having said that i am disappointed in dark of the sun . the manner in which it's written leads me to think that this book was a fill in and not seriously written . smith seems to be reaching for character description and his depiction of the main characters is very seems that i have met these people before , not only in his other books , but in many books dealing with the types portrayed in this novel . frankly , i became bored with the book and put it down before it was half couldn not compare to the courtnays in characterization or story you are looking for an easy read with wonderful characters and great subject matter , this is not a book that i would recommend . shelly
2			deal	good	one	new	shipping	free	value	great			hp 4 n 1 . great value and free shipping . however , it is a bit slower than my hp 6210 which bit the dust hence why i bought a new one . but for the $$$ , it is a good deal .
2			you	disappointed	i	glad	filmmaker	great	film	new	film	hard	script	strong			don not watch before bed ! this film is plodding , incoherent , and put me to sleep two nights in a row . sure there are some frightening visuals not as crazy as desecration's scissor scene , however and an eerie circular plot structure , but this film is just hard to get pulled in by . i kept wanting to pay attention and get into the story , but i found it too out there to follow . i m very glad to hear that tomaselli's new film satan's playground will have a strong script and a plot that the audience will be able to follow . buy this film if you like ; however , i do expect you will be a bit disappointed in this sophomore effort from a hopefully soon to be great filmmaker .
1			things	bad	movie	worst	source	reliable			worst horror movie that has been made in a while . first of all , when you take friday the 13 h , one of the lowest grossing movies of all time , and mix it with a nightmare on elm street , bad things are bound to happen . they have been talking about making this film since like the 18 h century and now have made it . since i am like the only person on this review board who has actually seen this movie , i am definetly a reliable source . i will tell you the ending . freddy's head is carried by the jason vorhees . yes , very stupid . but what's stupid is that they are making a sequel . only this time they team up to fight some other guy . evil and evil vs evil ! they should like make another home alone movie with macaulie caulken and have freddy and jason be the robbers and like macualie caulken could like trick them and stuff . sweet ! !
2			materials	expensive	grinder	short	cord	short	model	new	cord	long	one	new	job	great	grinder	old			excellent grinder , short cord ! those who recommend this grinder for its speed and quality are right on the money . i have nothing to add to the existing comments the grinder does a great job . however , i bought this grinder to replace an earlier model and one thing i noticed right away is that the new model comes with a ridiculously short old grinder has a cord that is about 50 long , while the new one is only 26 . you literally have to stand at the counter to use this grinder . i know they save some money by switching to less expensive materials but this is an annoying feature .
1			service	worst			worst service ever . i ordered this as a gift in october 2006 in feb 2007 i called to cancel the subscription and receive a refund . it's now been three weeks and over 12 calls later . still no refund . i keep getting passed back and forth between amazon and the magazine company . nobody knows who is responsible nor do they record a call log of what is going on . each time i call in , it seems as though it's the first time i have ever called about this issue . i am losing all respect for amazon and would recommend avoiding ordering magazines , especially through this company magazine express .
2			songs	great	manager	nice	seller	great	cd	great			wasn not as desribed . case was damaged and the cd had a weird white noise that covered the whole cd . the seller was great in refunded me and adding the cost to ship back . their manager was nice and i was impressed the way she handled everything . i did get another copy , this is a great cd loaded with great songs .
2			album	similar	gray	new	music	great	brother	big			do not buy this album ! copyright will not play ! this album , similar to the new david gray , is copyrighted by the same company . i have been unable , even after contacting the company to download a playable version to my computer that doesn not run through their software , thus cannot use it with my ipod . as well , my $ 800 denon cd 5 disc player is having trouble playing it as well . if anything , this sort of copyright protection punishes the people out there who are purchasing music and certainly encourages more on line stealing of music if anything . i would encourage anyone to avoid buying this album and find a playable friendly user version on a sharing site instead . the music is great , but shame on sarah for not having the vision to avoid this type of over aggressive reactionary big brother is in your cd player type of scam . i am bringing the cd back to the store today for my money back !
2			thriller	historical	disappointment	big	fan	big	development	great	fiction	historical			stick to historical fiction , caleb . being a big fan of not he alienist and angel of darkness as well as of sci fi , i was naturally really looking forward to killing time . unfortunately , it was a big disappointment . all of the great character development from not he alienist and angel of darkness was missing but what was worse was that carr doesn not have the gift for describing the future in a way that isn not laborious . you can pass on this book and hope for another historical thriller from carr sometime soon .
2			way	easy	films	stupid	faith	great	story	great	book	golden			the nativity story great for your family . the nativity story is a little simplistic and moves on quickly and without much of turmoil that had to be present around these events but with all of the violent and stupid films that are released now days , i am thankful that a studio made this telling of the story . the nativity story is a great faith based family story . perfect for watching with your children as you try to get them to understand mary and joseph as living , breathing , people . the film is well intentioned and well done . in some ways it is like a golden book made into a film . i recommend it highly to those who are trying to bring an understanding of faith and christianity to their children in a way that is easy to absorb .
2			printer	little	photos	great			great photos . this little printer does one thing and does it very well , it prints pictures . i bought it for my wife to print her photos . i find that i m using it more than her !
2			illustriations	remarkable	illustriations	realistic	book	great			not quite 5 stars . this book is great . the illustriations are remarkable and realistic . the reason it didn not get five stars is because it does not list the spinosaurus . which is my 4 year old's favorite . buy it and enjoy
1			construction	fun	piece	poor	execution	poor	quality	poor	execution	fun	idea	great	adjustment	constant			very poor quality and only works with constant adjustment bad . i played this game when it first came out years ago like 20 years ago . bought this for my grandchildren . i am taking it back . what a poor piece of junk that could have been a very fun toy . cheap construction and poor execution of a great idea the box is more fun to look at than the toy . look at the box online and go buy something a disappointment ! my grandchildren deserve better .
2			chords	vocal	betty	black	job	great	rest	flawless			meat can still deliver . based on other reviews , i was kind of skeptical to buy meat's lastest dvd performance . then , one night directv had an edited shortened version of the concert on one of its music networks and i was fortunate enough to catch it . meat loaf rocked ! after that , i immediately bought the dvd for myself to the see concert in full . what a show ! meat's vocals were pretty much on the mark all only exception being you took the words right out of my mouth . he seemed to struggle a bit on that one . aspen miller did a great job being meat's leading lady as well . the rest of the band was flawless with their , randy , john , mark , kasim , and of course c . c . all rock ! also , meat delivered worthy covers of black betty and gimme shelter . considering his age , and the fact that this dvd was recorded on the tour that he would later discontinue because of a cyst on his vocal chords , meat loaf gave a great he always does !
1			i	disappointed	content	poor	content	historical			poor historical content . as a history teacher i am disappointed that the history channel would create such a base story of the us . i was especially disappointed with their coverage of the american revolution , or lack of decent coverage . i watched this program to see if it was something i could use in my classroom to enhance learning but was very disappointed with the result . if you want see glossed over history made for inattentive teens than this the video for you , but if you really want to learn about the wonderfully interesting history of this country there are far better videos out there . i would suggest checking out the century america's time .
2			jimi	great	sessions	available	dvd	special	price	hard	it	cool			jimi hendrix bbc sessions experience hendrix . review number 56 a must have 2 cd , 37 track package of the late great jimi hendrix's appearances on the bbc radio show . it's priceless to thoroughly take in the classics here like foxy lady , two i have never heard before can you please crawl out the window ? and driving south as well as fire , the foot stomping stone free , the leaves signature song although jimi made it cool hey joe , his beatles tribute day tripper , manic depression , his cream cover sunshine for your love and his blues gem hear my train a coming . also , i haven not heard love or confusion in ages . just look at the hard to resist asking price . believe there's another version of the bbc sessions available with a special dvd , thus making it a 3 cd box set . essential .
2			baby	great			great baby wipes . seventh generation makes great baby wipes . they don not have a smell and don not cause my baby diaper rash . they also arrive wet enough and are well packaged .
1			novels	best	characters	weak	book	worst	book	best	streets	terrible			disappointing and weak . a waste of time . i never imagined that i would read the best book i have ever read in my life and the worst book i have ever read in my life by the same author . lonesome dove was a capitaving , brilliant story , perhaps one of the best novels ever written . streets of laredo is terrible . it is one disappointment after another . mcmurtry makes his first mistake when he kills any redeeming characters that survived through lonesome dove , leaving captain call and lorena to guide the story . these two characters who are identifed by their quiet and shy personalities are not fit to guide a novel . they barely even speak ! i m sorry i wasted my time reading about two mutes and the dim witted pea eye chase after a gang of weak characters . bottom line , just stick with lonesome dove . i have tried to forget that i ever picked up this sequel .
2			ballet	live	ballet	great	band	great	ourselves	good	quality	excellent			spandau ballet at the height of their success ! this dvd captures a great 80 s band at their be st this concert , in support of the album through the barricades , shows what a great live band spandau ballet is . the sound quality is excellent , and it is obvious that the band is having fun on stage , especially with to cut a long story short , revenge for love and fight for extras include videos for songs from through the barricades and it's follow up , heart like a sky . a documentary of the making of the video fight for ourselves is good also . this dvd was a project of gary kemp and it is obvious that he put some work into it . a definite must have for a fan of 80 s music .
1			poetry	bad	life	real	book	disturbing	book	worth			train wreck . this book is very disturbing on so many levels . as satire i would have rated it 5 stars , but since it obviously reflects perceived real life experiences , it reads as an autobiographical case study in psychopathology . this book is worth reading for insights into narcissism and self delusion . i didn not know whether to laugh or cry , or maybe both . i hope this was a cathartic experience for mr mills . for me , it was like watching a train wreck , only with very bad poetry . if you want to feel better about your own life , read this book .
2			experience	entire	dialog	ludicrous	disappointment	great			luanne rice misses mark with cloud nine . i have read , and thouroghly enjoyed , many of ms rice's books in the pa st cloud nine , however , was a great disappointment . the plot was trite and contrived , the characters lacked depth and believability , and the dialog was absolutely ludicrous . while reading the book , i got the distinct impression that ms rice had a deadline to meet and simply threw down some words on paper without much thought and sent it to her editor , who , by the way , should never have allowed it to be published in the first place . cloud nine reads like a dime store romance novel , which may intrigue some , but i found the entire reading experience boring and intellectually unstimulating .
1			discs	bad	discs	good	i	disappointed	episodes	unwatchable			bad discs . the discs were pretty good , save that disc four was scratched to a point that two episodes were unwatchable and disc six seemed to be compleatly erased . i was very disappointed in the quality of the product . scratches were expected but a compleatly blank disc wasn not .
2			characterzations	great	characterzations	excellent			well written and fun . i thoroughly enjoyed this story . the characterzations are great and the story excellent . watching a heroine trying to extricate herself from a very sticky situation is fascinating as are all the players . beverly at her be st
1			they	hard	books	worst	it	hard			don not buy it ! i think i would have to say , that this was one of the worst books i have attempted to read . it was hard to keep track of the characters because they were hard to warm up to . they were just names on paper . i could not finish it . i had to put it down , which for me , i have never done before . i usually love this type of novel , but while reading this , i just wanted someone to shoot me and put me out of my misery .
2			i	sick	book	great			great book . i was sick and read this book for two days straight and finished it . i am a fast reader though . anywho its a fun read , deffinatly not stiff . the writer makes you think as well as smile . i would recommend this book to anyone that is in or wants to be in a relationship .
1			moments	good	looks	wrong	dvd	bad	bad	bad			this dvd is a joke . family scandal is obviously not a masterpiece but has some good moments . what doesn not work at all is the treatment that mya gives the film the dvd looks like a transfer from a bad really bad ! vhs with print damages all through the film . also the aspect ratio looks wrong . all this more or less at the same price of a criterion dvd ? you must be joking . this is the last bad mya dvd in a row for me , after lucifera and mafia connection . that's why i won not buy anything from them anymore . beware !
2			luck	good	phone	great			make $ 175 on t 610 cannot complain ! great phone ! just received my t 610 although i am 1 year behind on the model , this phone is still packed with features . mainly bluetooth and ir . simple to use menu . took sometime to get used to the joystick / softkey . problem free unlock process with only i get the phone for free , i make $ 175 . good luck .
2			rock	great	stuff	great	orleans	new	stuff	old	original	true	orleans	great			great new orleans r&r . bobby marchan was a true original , singer , emcee , female impersonator . this is great stuff from new orleans back when they had a lot of great rock and roll acts fats domino , james booker , all the great old stuff produced by alan toussaint on minit records , irma thomas , betty harris , ernie doe , lee dorsey , among others . this cd will definitely get your feet moving !
2			price	great	headset	expensive no	volume	great			right price , great volume . look , headset for teles get tossed around and stomped on and hide from you . so you want an inexpensive headset that works at a great price . this is just the unit you are looking for .
2			author	great	you	disappointed			very disappointing . although , i love the author stephanie laurens this has to be one of the most boring books she has ever written . stephanie laurens is a great author but the problem is that she is too repetitious with her novels . she uses the same plot over and over again the heroine is reluctant to marry the man she loves because she does not want to lose her independence ! she used this plot in the bar cynsters and even that theme got tired ! i seriously recommend that you not buy this book because you will be disappointed ! i was .
2			documentary	great	it	amazing			great documentary ! i just finished this documentary and it was amazing ! i had no idea what these individuals went through . interesting story and well worth the purchase . i recommend this to anyone who watches documentaries .
2			book	easy	nuggets	powerful	book	great			beyond comics , this is a great book on the principles of writing ! whether you write comic books or novels , there are powerful nuggets on the writing process that if applied , you will experience growth in your craft . the book is well organized , easy to read , and easier to dige st this book is a more than a must read . it's a must own for any writer .
2			looks	great			looks great , but that's about it . i bought a 688 in november , and have used it twice on trips of 700 miles or so . it blows open at highway speeds the front edge actually opens 1 -2 inches , allowing rain , snow , and ice to blow in . the mounting cleats also came apart after the first use . what was easy to install now takes two people and a lot of delicate alignment to match the parts up . not at all what i would expect for what this box co st i do not recommend it .
2			deal	great	stories	funny	fan	big			not that funny . i am a big fan of audiobooks as i travel by car a great deal . i was looking forward to several hours of humor and wit , and regrettably this audio collection was a disappointment . while the stories as written may be funny , the reader's delivery for the most part was not . roberts reads aloud well and i enjoyed his selections , but the women chosen as readers were not as successful . i found myself skipping past stories rather than listening to another grating interpretation .
1			manufacturing	poor	it	pretty			not berry much fun . i have never seen a toy that falls apart as much as this does . it's pretty and had potential to be very cute , but poor manufacturing or something ruined it . my 4 year old gets so frustrated because it constantly falls apart . i have tried and tried and tried to fix it but it won not stay together she touches something and it falls off . not durable and not worth the $$$ .
2			resource	great			great resource , but fix equation type ! amazon . fix the type . formulae aren not rendering correctly and this is unacceptable ! i will submit a full actual review once this is done and i can read everything .
1			movie	bad	i	curious	i	disappointed	one	good	you	curious	play	bad	lady	real	movie	good	it	flat			not worth buying . i knew i would be disappointed when i bought this dvd , because i was in europe at the time it was running in theatres there , and i knew it was a crowd pleaser , but i didnt think it was so bad . i was just curious because sometimes , what pleases to the crowd turns out to be a good movie like amelie , that one was really good . but indeed , swimming pool is a bad movie , the play of the actors is bad , there is absolutely no originality in the treatment of the topic lesbian attraction between a real lady and ghostly one , oh yeah francois ozon thought probably he was gonna have the same succes in cannes as lynch's mulholland dr did in 2001 . and from a cinematographic point of view it is flat out ordinary . so if you are curious , rent it out in some vidoe store before you decide to buy it .
1			it	good	movie	worst	parts	best			jonah hill's worst movie ! this one was a dud . previews were the best parts of the whole movie . there were times that this movie seemed like it was going to be good , but in the end it was a waste of an hour and a half .
1			movie	bad	part	worst	they	funny no	movie	entire	part	best			bad movie do not rent . i watched this movie with my wife , and about halfway through we both looked at each other and she said i really hope this gets funny soon . the best part of the entire movie was melissa mccarthy . if they have her excerpts on youtube , i would recommend watching them on there and saving your time and money . the jokes went a heck of a lot longer than they needed to . and the worst part is that they were not even funny . anyways , rent or buy at your own peril .
2			taste	great	alternatives	healthy	snack	good			great taste and healthful . i m health conscious and always looking for healthy alternatives for quick snacks . the kashi granola bars all flavors are among my favorites . packed with whole complex carbs not simple sugar carbs , these provide long lasting energy without too much sugar . there's some protein from the nuts too its not a protein bar for strength training , but it is a good snack if you don not have time for a balanced meal . and they taste great .
2			feet	extra	works	great	leaks	great			works great , no leaks ! one of my fish tanks sits lower than the kitchen sink , so i had to buy this extension to reach the bathroom sink . it's been great no leaks at all , and gave me the extra 10 feet i needed .
2			it	heavy	due	great	owl	worth no			very disappointing . i wanted to buy a smaller booklight that didn not have to have 4 aa batteries . i have used the mighty bright for so many years , but the batteries make it very heavy , especially at late night reading sessions . i thought this would work out great due to the advertisements . i paid the 9.99 which i figured was okay but realized after i got it home that the clip is not secure enough , the neck not long enough to fit over the book pages and the light does not light up the whole page . the clip kept falling off of the book and eventually i gave up . i will just have to stick with the mighty bright . hopefully someone will come up with a lighter weight book light this book owl is just not worth the money spent or the time to take it back .
2			americans	strong	job	great	jenkins	good	books	best			a very wonderfully written book . this is one of the best books i have ever had the chance to read . ms jenkins did a great job as usual . indigo shows how strong and brave african americans had to be to survive during book not only tells a wonderful love story but also gives us a history lesson . keep up the good work ms jenkins looking for to your newest book through the storm .
2			sound	great			bid deception . this product promises great sound and picture . it does not deliver . static is everywhere . even tried to shut down all other wireless devices in the house . does not work . would not recommend this product at all .
2			it	inspiring	book	great			great book and memories . i first read this book in the 6 h grade 1958 . i loved it then and love it now . it is so inspiring , that i wound up living on the florida coast many years later .
1			mostel	original	sound	bad	u	old	version	enjoyable			don not bother ! the score was reduced to 5 songs all of them poorly sung and badly orchestrated ! the sound on the cd is just as bad as the old u . a . lp editions . which is to say just awful ! there is no need for this album to have been released on cd at all ! if you want the score of forum go for either the original cast zero mostel or the 1996 revival cast nathan lane . either version is much more enjoyable listening ! the british cast led by frankie howard was out on emi's west end angel label , but it is now out of print . while not as good as the 2 broadway casts it is still miles ahead of this recording ! i can not stress stongly enough . don not buy this version ! !
2			background	fantastic	format	large	styles	popular	illustrations	good			a must have for serious collectors . i sell vintage costume jewelry for a living so , as you can probably imagine , i have a lot of books on the subject . this is definitely one of the be st it's filled with fantastic background information on the making of costume jewelry , the top name designers and popular styles . the photos b&w and color provide good illustrations and are often of rarer , less frequently seen styles . i also like the fact that it's a smaller paperback book as opposed to a large format hardcover . it's easier to take to antique / jewelry shows and thumb through when necesary .
2			stroller	real	stroller	great	they	old			great stroller . my two girls each have one of these strollers and we all love them ! they are highly realistic and well made . they look like a miniature version of a real stroller , just scaled down . we have owned these for a year , and they have held up well to daily play . note that they are better for slightly older children . they are the perfect size for a four or five year old .
1			thing	worst	splitter	hate			dont buy . i normally don not write reviews but i was compelled to write this one . this is by far the worst thing i ever bought on amazon , , the splitter was built like if i had bought them from a quarter machine at a grocery store . i hate the headset splitter , i literally ripped them up after one use , no joke , thats how bad they are sound is so bad . dont buy ! i guess i should of known you get what you pay for , , , dont buy ! ! !
2			i	sorry	songs	great	it	loose			pure dissappointment . i am sorry but this album was not what i was hoping it would be . i purchased it as a child and own it now as an adult . however , the only reason i do own it was because they attached their videos on dvd . we like it wild & loose and juicy gothca krazy are great songs but only in there video for ms if you are looking for those sames songs as released on video on cd you aren not going to find it . sad to say but i feel the only reason this album really sold was because many saw the videos first and then purchased the album hoping to hear the same thing .
1			life	poor	cell	new	battery	new			poor battery life . the new battery i received was even gets discharge within half hour of talk . i had to always carry charger due to that . i ended up buying a new cell .
1			release	poor	edition	special	soundtrack	average	soundtrack	true			what happened to the hd audio ? an average to poor release with only slightly better than dvd picture quality and just a standard definition dolby digital soundtrack probably straight from the earlier dvd releases . where is the uncompressed lpcm , dolby truehd , or dts hd ma audio track ? theterminator 2 judgment day skynet edition blu ray or it's steel tin special edition version is a much better release with better picture and a true hd soundtrack .
2			songs	great	cd	great			billboard hits . i thought that these were all great songs of 1973 they chose the perfect hits and put them all on one cd . elton john's goodbye yellow brick road and crocodile rock are 2 of my favorite hits and they are both on this one cd . all i can say is this is a great cd .
2			it	light	package	great	legacy	classic			awesome . this combo pack gives you both tron classic and tron legacy . it is light on extras if you don not have the blu ray player , but if you have the equipment , you have a great pop culture package .
2			album	great	man	different	msn	different	work	best no			clay cross a different msn . although the album titled a different man is great i just could not make myself give it 5 stars in my opinion this album is not his best work . actually the album titled i surrender all is in my opinion the best because of the song {he walked a mile} ! if i were you would i buy this album ? the answer is ! yes !
2			it	good	peace	great	reader	easy	deal	great			great peace of mind . the reader is easy to use , and though i m not really a home mechanic , i find that this device gives me a great deal of peace of mind . at least i can get an idea of what the problem is before taking it to a mechanic , so that i don not get completely hosed once i get there . for the price , i feel it's good for that , and it will likely help to fix the simple stuff that i can fix as others have mentioned , it is just a code reader so it won not pinpoint exactly what the problem is . still if you can get close , you can find out a lot more via the internet and haynes repair manuals as well . certainly an excellent price for what i need it for . i m currently using it on a 1997 saturn sl 2 automatic . it hooked up fine with no problems , and i was easily able to erase the codes as well .
2			website	helpful no	it	easy	it	great			don not perform live with this looper . i did like the pedal . i found it very easy to use and great for practice . setting up the first loop does take practice . what i really don not like is that the pedal is not dependable . sometimes it doesn not work and it has to be re booted . this can be real embarrassing when performing live . the instrument insert of my looper no longer works . i don not think i will ever buy a digitech product again . there website is not helpful for repairs .
2			price	low	knife	light	knife	great	edge	great	butt	sharp no	countries	different	feature	nice			great midsize pocket knife . the smith & wesson ck 6 extreme ops knife is a is a medium size for a pocket knife , but surprisingly light . it has a beautiful build quality with smooth as butter movement and locking . the thumb top is a nice feature that i prefer to the thumb blade is nice and takes a great edge , though it wasn not terribly sharp right out of the butt of this knife is large but rather flat making it a so so compliment to the blade . i prefer a slightly smaller knife for an edc , but when i travel to different countries this is my knife of low price is deceptive . it compares favorably with knives costing much more .
2			point	great	reading	great	it	interesting	word	final	it	credible	they	interested	colleges	best	advantage	real			one of the best . the real advantage to this guide , like the best 361 colleges , is that kids tend to read , if not devour , it . since buying it for our two daughters , i have recommended it to several other parents , advising them just to leave it out , either on a living room table or in the bathroom it makes great john reading . in all cases the kids have found it interesting , relevant and credible . is it the final word ? not at all . but it does serve as a great starting point for kids to put together a list of schools in which they might be interested .
2			i	amazed	sympathy	great	diasappointment	major			major diasappointment . i loved angela's ashes and couldn not wait to read the sequel . what a disappointment ! i had to force myself to finish this book . his life in america wasn not very satisfying or fulfilling in any way . he seemed to get nothing out of teaching and his marriage failed due to his own lack of effort . he never reached self understanding which you tend to expect from an author writing a two part memoir . i was amazed that he described without embarrassment the shabby way his family dealt with his mother's funeral . my advice , reread angela's ashes . you will have great sympathy for the child but less and less for the man .
1			textbook	worst	textbook	old	undergrad	financial	course	financial			absolutely terrible . agreeing with the majority of the other posts this textbook is by far the worst i have ever used . i had previously taken financial accounting undergrad , and had to solely use my old textbook in replacement of this one for my mba financial accounting course . completely useless , waste of money .
2			classics	historical	moon	empty	authors	great			skillfully translated and edited . skillfully translated and edited by award winning poet sam hamill and professor of chinese j . p . seaton , the poetry of zen is an anthology of the poetic buddhist expressions of enlightened minds . collecting works by a wide variety of great authors , including lao tzu , han shan , li po , dogen kigen , saigyo , and many more , the poetry of zen offers a cross section of historical classics that all have in common a resonating theme conducive to meditation , reflection , and self transformation . highly recommended . everything must end . / thus the day tries to begin / with the morning bell . / but the long night remains , / empty moon still in the sky .
2			illustrations	black	timers	great	book	great			great book . very informative . taught me a lot . only complaint are the black and white illustrations . many of the lessons can not be viewed in black and white so you are left to assume that a change was made . other than that a great first timers book .
1			retentive	old	position	wrong	toys	ridiculous	son	old	highchair	classic	seat	worst			terrible . this was the worst booster seat ever . my son is 10 months old and we bought it to save room and because it was recommended by family . the first issue was reclining the chair . we began feeding our son food at 6 weeks old only anal retentive dr's tell you to wait and the reclining thing just didn not work at all ! you have to stand on the seat and pull with all your might then it ends up in the wrong position . argh . however , the most disgusting and frustrating thing is how the food gets stuck in the crevices for the seat belt . there is absolutely no way to get the food out of these crevices and it gets moldy and gross and the chair begins to smell . and lastly , the toys on the tray are ridiculous . as an adult , i had a difficult time pressing them to make them work there's no way for a child to be able to use them . in retrospect , we should have bought a classic wooden highchair .
2			i	glad	book	beautiful	home	great			excellent on many levels . i was glad to see this book featured in amazon's home and garden newsletter that i receive via e mail . i had already bought the book and recommended it to others . the book is beautiful , shows homes that are both dreamy and accessible versus out of anyone's reach , and then goes beyond those great home tours to include tips on everything from buying a site or a home to decorating and building . the book is always on my coffee table , because i often pick it up just to dream with . it's a pleasure to look at . but i m also using the decorating ideas where we live now . my husband and i are marking pages that have informational tips we need and we are also putting sticky notes on pages that show homes , rooms , or furnishings that represent the home we plan to create .
2			store	local	capacity	important	camera	great	value	great	i	pleased	store	electronic			great camera great value . i bought a canon elph 2 years ago and have been pretty pleased with it . the canon cameras seem to keep getting better and better . i just bought the powershot a 60 as a group present for my friend leaving to teach in korea for 3 years . it was so nice being able to use the camera right out of the box and using it at the party instead of having to let the battery charge for a few hours . the portrait feature works great and the shutter speed feature worked well too . my friend went to the local electronic store where they tried to get him to buy a camera with a lot of mega pixels , but 2 p is sufficient . the zoom capacity is definitely more important then having 3 or 4 mp if you are just making 4 6 & 5 7 prints . i highly recommend this camera and you can not beat the price .
2			story	good	game	great	it	new	stuff	sappy			morrowind . amazing game , good story , decent graphics and at least 80 hours of game play . unfortunately my morrowind cd came with this weird sappy stuff on the outside i bought it new . also my tribunal didnt work . still great game i reccomend it to any rpg fan .
2			things	good	video	great	videos	great			great learning video for the kids . most of the leap frog learning videos are great for the kids . i highly recommend them . the kids love to watch them and i love that they are learning good things at the same time .
1			movie	bad	girls	big	comedies	good	acting	bad	favorite	new	it	fun	music	bad	movie	good	laugh	good			bad acting , bad music , bad plotline bad movie . never before has there been such a poorly acted movie , that it is more fun to watch while making fun of it than watching a good movie . the acting is so bad in this movie , one of the funniest scenes in it was where one of the talentless , big busted girls pretends to be accepting an oscar . for anyone who knows what academy award winning acting is , this is just about the farthest thing possible from it . if you want a good laugh , almost a bigger laugh than most good comedies watch this movie , but don not expect to have a new favorite after viewing it . the only favorite category it can occupy is favorite bad movie .
2			songs	catchy	dvd	suck	they	great	mo	old			awful ! don not waste your money on this for infants . my 6 mo old loves your baby can read dvds . they are great and i wish they had some dvds with emphasis on numbers , too your baby can count ? in the market for a learning dvd on numbers , i stumbled upon baby bumblebee numbers dvd . awful . it isto sooooooooo slow as in drawn out speaking tortuous , boring , not entertaining . first , the music is very drawn out . even the people speaking in the video speak verg monotonic . and the singing ? gosh , awful singing ! wish they can spice it up with more upbeat people or use music that's though my child is only 6 mo , she knows which dvd sucks looks elsewhere , wiggles out of her bumbo and which is more entertaining sits in her bumbo , eyes glued to the your baby can read dvds . i am no spokesperson for ybcr nor do i absolutely love their products but the ybcr songs are very catchy , entertaining , and thus , keep your child's attention longer for the learning to take place .
2			content	great	edition	defective	flaw	major	usability	low	edition	annoying			kindle edition is defective . well , the content of the book is great i will give 4 stars to it . but the kindle edition i bought is annoying in that it does not display a lot of symbols correctly . for examle belongs to , subset , superset , omega and a host of others are shown as a question mark . you either have to guess the symbol based on the context or refer to another book to find out what it is . because of this the usability of the book is so low , i have to give a single star . i wish there was another way to publicize this problem without bringing the book ranking down . this is a major flaw in kindle edition that amazon has to correct urgently .
1			dvd	worth no	d	crap	in	average	recording	bad	clips	short			rock journalists should be ditch diggers . led zeppelin never released a bad studio recording from led zeppelin i all the way through to coda . and these punk journalist try to tell me that the in through the out door record is average at be st and that d yer maker is crap . i never understood who needs to read a journalists review before they make up their own mind about an album . all rock journalists should be ditch diggers . i think they have to be jealous or something . how can they not appreciate something as beautiful as in through the out door clearly they need to be in another proffesion . the dvd is not worth having it only shows very short clips of the rare zep footage . your better off trying to find a bootleg . and further more page said it best when he said something like a mediocre zeppelin is better than most bands be st but don not take my word for it listen to the albums and make up your own mind rock journalists are idiots
2			buyer	regular	product	great			great product . when compare dto others this one shines ! no streaks or staining and the cloth covers my whole body . i am a regular buyer of this product now
1			packaging	poor	product	available	i	surprised no			really poor product packaging . bought model a 2508 it was shipped from the seller's facility . received the product missing 1 of the 2 springs and with one leg bent like a pretzel . product carton is 75 b test single wall corrugated with no insert to prevent movement . it was broken open basically on all sides with parts sticking out . tried to have a replacement order entered just to find out that the product was no longer available . werner by the way filed for chapter 11 i m not surprised .
1			it	amazing	autobiography	worst	goldberg	good	you	low			purely egomanical . i have never in my life read such an arrogant piece of literature like bill goldberg's autobiography . this book shows absolutely no insight into his life and just serves as many chapters of cheapshots . the man shows no respect for anyone or the wrestling business . it is amazing for a guy to write a book only a year after becoming a wrestler . that in itself set the stage for this pure arrogance . i don not think bill goldberg is half as good as he thinks he is . this is by far the worst autobiography . it provides nothing for the fan ; just ramblings of an insecure egomaniac . definitely don not buy this book unless you are low on toilet paper .
2			book	next	book	great			very good . i really enjoyed this book . i liked the focus on the characters . orson scott card wrote a great book with ender's game . i tried reading the next book in the series but it was aweful full of strange science fiction and lacking characters and story . ender's shadow is a return to card's greatness . he focuses on bean in a science fiction setting . i am moving on the read shadow of the hegemony . my advice is to skip book 2 3 and 4 but don not give up on orson scott ca rd
2			information	great	book	great			great information ! great book for a class or just self learning , easy to read . has a no nonsense approach easy to understand in simple language .
1			thing	entire	plot	ridiculous	movie	worst	you	interested	parents	rich	acting	horrible	life	entire			hilariously bad . this movie , also known as a christmas puppy , is without a doubt the worst movie i have ever seen . for one thing , the movie was re branded a christmas puppy and has nothing to do with a puppy at all . the plot is completely ridiculous and is of a quality that i would call 4 -5 levels below the made for tv movies you might see on abc family . the acting is horrible , none of the plot makes any remote sense at all . i honestly thought this was the movie equivalent of the friday music video , assuming a bratty kid with rich parents wrote it and had them pay for it to be produced . please please please , do not waste any money on this movie . if you are truly interested , ask a friend who has netflix to watch the first 10 only redeeming quality for this movie was that it was so bad , i was compelled to watch the entire thing with friends while we constantly laughed about how horrible it is , quite literally , the worst movie i have ever seen , in my entire life .
2			difficulties	political	war	great	look	good	book	good			how we ended up where we are today ! paris 1919 is a good book that looks at the peace effort that was forced on the world by the victors of the great war . it is a good overall look at the competing interest and political difficulties that left the world divided and led to the almost endless struggles in europe , the middle east , and in other far off regions .
2			statesi	united	grandparents	great	states	united	it	fascinating			i find much enjoyment reading this book . i have learned much about the culture of the jewish . the parent of the story went to ellis island before admitted to the the united statesi visited ellis island a few years ago and found it very fascinating . i love this book and love to read about the people who came to the the united states just like my great grandparents .
2			buy	great	camera	nice	screen	little	price	low	screen	worried	i	impressed	pictures	good			a bit tough to handle . very nice camera ! i m a little worried about touching the lcd preview screen and this camera doesn not quite fit right in my hands yet . still this did not affect my rating ! the pictures are good and the camera has many features for the price . the remote is a surprisingly handy extra . wish it held more pictures , but if i buy a bigger compact flash card then that problem would be fixed as well ! i am very impressed with the camera considering it's low price . a great buy .
2			fragrance	great	results	good	cleaner	good			very good floor cleaner . this works extremely well and has a great fragrance . i use it on hardwoods , pergo and tiles with good results on all .
2			material	additional	materials	extra	materials	great	material	great	it	helpful			great extra materials . this book is a classic in literature and this publication offers great additional material . i used this text for a college course and found it extremely helpful . if you are like me and struggle with some styles of writing , try listening to the audio book while reading the text . i have done that for this book and some of jane austen's novels and it has helped me get into the story more and has allowed me to get more out of reading the book .
2			calculator	great	calculator	previous	button	clear			awesome calculator ! my calculator arrived when i expected it , brand new in sealed packaging . it's a great calculator for finance and accounting , but you do need to read the instruction manual to fully understand all the functions . my only issue is that i keep turning it off because the on / off button is where the clear button was on my previous calculator , but i m sure i will get used to this soon , so it's no biggie .
2			month	old	babies	new	we	happy	a	great	results	positive			great product a . my wife and i had heard about this product from researching tummy aches and colic with new babies . we ordered the product thru and had it sent to friends who were coming down to visit us in costa rica . after the first use we could see the positive results with our 2 month old . we are very happy with the product and would recommend it to anybody that has children with colic , tummy aches or gas proble ms
2			pictures	enjoyable	story	great	ant	little	kettle	poor	book	great			all around great book for children . i remember this ryming story of the cute little ant trying to help the poor broken tea kettle . this story is great for children . the pictures of the other kitchen dwellers helping the poor broken tea kettle are highly enjoyable . it is still a wonderful childhood memory even though i m all grown up .
2			vhs	original	film	great	colors	horrible	thing	small	girls	little	ideals	false	one	new	film	original	disney	traditional			horrible colors ! i grew up on this movie , and frequently still watch the original vhs that i have kept from my childhood . the colors in this new one are not only much more vivid as expected but have been transformed into bright pink and green all over the background of the film . they even went as far as changing the color of belle's eyes . she was one of the the few princess figures from traditional disney who had brown hair and brown eyes , but now she has hazel eyes . it is a small thing , but part of what made the film so great was the mundane beauty of belle . disney transformed the original film into something aimed even more so at little girls and has reinforced the culturally false ideals that beauty cannot be mundane . way to go disney .
1			it	final	show	bad			quick fixes not so good . i did not expect from a breaking bad show to be so fast paced . i like how in the past they went step by step on each and every detail . it gave me a feeling that i m with the series because i know how they did iteach and every step they took . but this season made lose that feeling its like csi miami not comparing the show just comparing how they do stuff lots and lots of quick fixes . i think i should understand vince , since it is the final who cares about that feeling as long as enjoy it . they still have that dark gritty humor and that edgy at edge of my seat feeling . i still love it . this series will always be my favorite its is just that awesome .
1			mom	young	mom	modern	mysteries	classic	skills	poor	benjamin	little	sleuth	new	husband	likeable	sleuth	young			appealing new young sleuth . i got hooked on this series after reading a few chapters of this book . the sleuth is a modern young mom who demonstrates a sense of humor about her cute little son benjamin and her likeable minister husband , who encourages his feisty wife to do her own thing , which includes running a catering business and solving mysteries . i m well educated and have no tolerence for books reflecting poor writing skills ; i found this author's writing skills to be literate and even witty . with a touch of humor , the author successfully alludes to classic mysteries and their sleuths . before i would finished this , the first book in the faith fairchild series , i would ordered the rest of the books from the series . i have now read two of the books and have found a new sleuth that has grabbed my affection . can not wait to read more mysteries in this series .
2			it	hate	face	little	idea	great	tube	wrong	thing	great			i m sold , baby's not ! i saw it in a catalog , but didn not want to spend the money until a friend who's the mother of twins got one and came to work with raves about this great thing she would just bought . i picked one up since i m paranoid about feeding the bambino anything that might migrate to the wrong tube . much to my dismay , my son hates it ! no matter what we put in there , he scrunches up his little face and pitches the feeder on the floor . we think it may be the texture of the mesh . anyway , i still think it's a great idea , but my son refuses to be convinced !
2			writing	excellent	band	great			amazing progressive jazz cd ! uncle festive was a great jazz fusion / progressive jazz band in the 1980 s and 90 s . they backed up barry manilow but stepped out on their own to play the music they really wanted to play . say uncle is one of their be st the musicianship is first rate and the writing is excellent . they are one of my favorite bands . you can not go wrong with any of their discs but this and money's no object are their be st
2			one	practical	information	practical	tool	effective	stuff	great			style and substance . you might want two copies of this wonderfully practical guide one for the field and one for the coffee wealth of practical information , photos and identifying characteristics make this the perfect field guide . it also is an extremely effective tool for preservation at a time when the first instinct for too many people is to immediately destroy a snake that ventures into their yard , even if it presents no harm . with snakes of the southeast , a quick check will provide the book's smart design , photography and production also will make it at home with the showpiece volumes on your coffee table at a fraction of the price . great stuff !
2			performer	great	frequency	high	frequency	low	service	great			great performer . application mesa guitar amplifier 50 100 head to 4 12 vintage -30 speaker cabinet . excellent audio reproduction , punch and low mid high frequency range . owned this cable for one year , great performer . recommended . update dec 2011 still providing great service , used at least 4 -6 times a month .
2			it	suck	sheild	soft	it	great	looks	nice			took me foerver to get 2 oz . with my first child i got a medela hand pump from hospital it was a older one 7 years ago with the long workked great . pumped the bottles with no problem . my hand did get tired but it pump was givin to me by the hospital as well . however only ever pumps 2 0 . at a time for me . and it seems im pumping for 20 -30 mins ! and i know my daughter feeds fast and milk sprays out so its not even tryed feeding her after pumping the 1 z or she still gets alot out . also . if you pump fast with it the handle can come loose and get moved off socket and then theres air , i like the fact it came with soft sheild but i dont think it sucks as well as the last pumps hard one i just going to buy a electric i guess . looks nice and it is easyer then some hand pumps but easy isnt always better far and pumps go i guess .
2			book	great	books	modern			great book . great book so far . i wasn not sure i would like this type of book as i usually read more modern books but this was great .
2			poet	great			to go singing through the world . i applaud this book for bringing attention to a great latin american poet many children in the us may not already know about . lyrically written .
2			others	lucky	thing	real	bucks	big	jerseys	famous	book	great	merit	literary no			treasure hunting and treasure finding . i am a collector of sports memorabilia and treasures . mitchell and ness sporting goods is famous for their reproduction retro sports jerseys . they also sell genuine articles and artifacts . while i leave the fake reproductions to the hip hop crowd , i will pay big bucks for the real thing . i saw a first edition copy of 64 intruder buried under some items in a display window . i purchased it at retail only because of its status as a first edition and possible future value as a future collectable , not its literary merit . i didn not even bother reading it until a boring sunday about six months later . well that boring sunday didn not turn out too boring . what an intriguinging and captivation story gregory glading had spun . i literally couldn not put it down and turned all of its 200 or so pages in one sitting ! this is great book and i hope others are as lucky as me to find a copy . i only hope someone makes a movie of it during my lifetime .
2			pictures	great	tyers	advanced	information	useful			great pictures and guide . easy step by step instructions to producing a fly . it gives information that is both useful to beginners and advanced tyers
1			version	bad			save your money . this was a waste of my and time i can never get back . this was a bad version of a paranormal documentary slash the movie paranormal activity . people don not just drop dead for no reason and the ending made no sense . do not waste your money or time .
2			quality	great	quality	durable	it	fun			perfect pan . bought it just for fun , and it is fun to bake on them . great quality , the don not stick layer is pretty durable and really works .
2			tracks	fun	skills	different	tracks	great	tracks	new	stuff	new	race	amazing	challege	good	games	best			awsome game . this was my first game for the psp . i was amazed by the graphics on this game there great ! the tracks are great and very fun . though there aren not many tracks they still remain very fun anytime you play them . the speed classes you can play are insane . you start off pretty slow but every speed class is much faster than the last witch provides a good challege anytime . the cars or pods or ships or whatever you wanna call the things you race are amazing . it takes different skills to race each 1 so being good with 1 doesn not mean your a master of the game . one of my favorite parts of this game is the downloads . you can go online with this game and download new stuff like new tracks , racers , and wallpapers . overall this game is 1 of the best games for the psp . this is a must buy
2			cd	great			genius & soul the 50 h anniversary collection ray charles . if you are a ray charles fan you will love this cd set . it includes his earlier works , favorites that everyone knows and is just a great cd . my ex husband has our set , and i ordered my own set .
2			target	easy	target	great	it	good			it is good for up to 450 fps guns . this target was overall great and very easy to use , it even has a space to mount on the wall . it probably said not to do this somewhere but i didn not read it and used my 580 fps sniper on it with .25 gram bbs . these went through the sticky adhesive . through the target , and through the back of the plastic leaving holes . then it went on and dented the wood slab i had behind it . it is an excellent airsoft target but just not for sniper rifles .
2			vocals	clean	he	smart	drifter	modern	writing	great	vocals	crisp			excellent 2 d cd . wow ! i love it when artists come back the second time around with an even stronger effort . that's what dierks bentley has done with modern day drifter . his vocals are crisp and clean and his lyrics to just about every track are the 'stuff of great writing and composition . dierks is a naturally sensual man and he makes the most of it in his art and craft . in short , he's smart and uses his god given gifts . most artists fail in that
2			he	sharp	series	entire	they	awesome	story	great			sean bean before lord of the rings & before game of thrones . sean bean is one of my favorite it's not because he was boramir in lord of the rings , it's because he was richard sharp in this series . the story is great , it is one of my favorites in the series note i have not read any of the books , just watched the entire series . multiple times . they are awesome . the dvd quaility is 1 t rate
1			bad	bad			bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad ! bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad . bad bad bad bad
2			arrangements	original	blues	solid	fans	disappointed	recordings	original	it	realistic no	work	original	album	solid	band	great	chicago	classic	broonzy	big			a solid blues record . this recording works fine for what it is , just a fun tribute that is not meant to equal or surpass the original recordings . it's a great band covering some of their favorite robert johnson songs sometimes sticking close to the original arrangements and sometimes not . it's not all about clapton and that will leave some fans disappointed but it does feature tight , controlled ensemble playing that's reminiscent of the early muddy waters bands of the fifties . another reviewer cited jimmy rogers classic album chicago bound as an example and muddy waters sings big bill broonzy also comes to mind . one also needs to keep in mind that this is an album of covers and as such it's unrealistic to expect it to sound as deep or as haunted as the original work . ask yourself whether anyone has done a version of layla that's as tormented as the original and then buy this cd for what it is , just a solid blues album that was meant to pay tribute to mr johnson not compete with him .
1			facts	historical	prostitutes	old	opinions	personal	figureheads	various	ego	huge	book	interesting	guys	bad			tone of the book leaves a lot to be desired . i m in the middle of the book and i m not liking it . part of the problem is that i cannot stand the author . something about the writing gives me the impression he has a huge ego . apparently he's the only westerner who understands africa's suffering . we are all too racist and far removed to see africans as human beings . apart from that , i don not like his portrayals of various figureheads . is it really relevant to the story that leopold iii slept with 10 year old prostitutes ? do i care that mobutu slept with his wife's twin sister ? i understands these people are bad guys , but these asides are uncalled for . i was hoping to read something that wasn not so infused with the author's personal opinions . the book is interesting when he just sticks to historical facts .
1			picture	big	guy	bad	impact	major	reviews	various			an inspiration . i have perused the various reviews of this book and find it amazing how varied they seem to be . apparently this is one of those books that are few and far between these days that just does not fit the usual mold . i happen to have loved the book , i have read it so many times the cover is ragged . it speaks to me of hope in the face of adversity and reminds me that i have a responsiblity to give back good in this world . i know a bit preachy but it is what i feel . i loved every character in this book , even the bad guy . he was such a narcisistic fool . he made me laugh more than once . there are quirky characters that even though their roles were minor have a major impact on the big picture . this book brought forth tears and laughter , smiles . it was one of the few books that i own that i actually have loaned out . and i only did this because i knew that it brightened my view of the world and reminded me that there is always hope .
2			baby	great	cd	cute	case	good	gift	great			great gift ! the case is almost as good as the great baby care products inside . the cd is cute as well , but not what i expected . would have been nicer had it been more a bath time fun cd that is , splish splash , rubber ducky , etc .
2			i	glad	copy	old	creativity	fantastic			reprint of agatha christie's autobiography . i am so glad that this wonderful autobiography has been reprinted . my old copy is falling apart . it is a excellent window that allows one to look into the past and discover as of first hand how life was back then . it gives us an opportunity to see how her prodigious imagination worked and the things the influenced her fantastic creativity . owning agatha christie's autobiography is an indispensable addition to anyone who collects her fiction and non fiction work . very well written , and like her mystery novels , very hard to put down .
2			idea	great			doesnt have the star wars magic ! it could have been so much better ! the idea was great but the writing stunk ! doesnt have the star wars magic !
2			coconuts	fresh	scent	fantastic			fantastic scent . this product smells like fresh coconuts ! ! there's no other store anywhere that has a better smelling coconut smell ! you have to try it . you will be hooked !
1			dubbing	poor	it	legal	dubbing	foreign	concert	good	concert	original			boo hiss . this is horrible . the original concert i saw on hbo was very good . this is a foreign very poor dubbing . i doubt seriously it is legal to sell it in the usa . the picture quality and the audio quality are extremely poor do not purchase this concert i sure wish i had not wasted my money on certainly did not even deserve one star .
2			they	good	series	great			grant co wins again . this is a great series of books . i have never been disappointed with karin slaught's grant co books . i recommend that you read the book preceeding this one . but , they are all good reads .
2			scanner	little	scanner	great	channels	necessary			great little scanner . works wonderful and is easy to use . i don not have that many channels on it , about 20 but it can hold tons more . i love the lock out feature that let's the user silence channels when necessary . sometimes , county channels are flooded and , for me , it can get annoying when trying to listen to other frequencies .
2			it	cute	story	classic	story	great			really enjoyed this family film . i received this dvd as a gift , i really liked it . i think i will send a couple copies to friends with kids , it's really cute and a great classic story , i remember reading it as a kid i think .
1			it	terrible	concepts	difficult	march	poor	concepts	new			not so good ! i have read six of the seven chapters in this book and i have to say it is terrible . i have never seen a book with so many grammatical errors and sentence fragments . for a second edition , it's terrible . as a student , reading and learning new concepts is difficult enough without sifting through poor gram march hopefully the third edition corrects all the mistakes , but until then , find a better book .
2			it	awesome	blender	small	blender	tiny	hit	big	blender	personal			personal small blender is big hit ! bought this tiny blender to use in my business making hand lotion . it's awesome !
2			writers	great	plot	unbelievable no			not impressed . i don not get what the other readers liked about this manufactured thriller . yes , there were some suspenseful scenes too few and a couple times when the characters poked at my emotions some situations truly are heart wrenching , but overall the plot was unbelievable , the writing ok but not great , and the characters were not very deeply developed , so i didn not care about them very much . also , they seemed to think and act inconsistently . i sensed were the story was going , twists and all , and without fail , there it went . it was very formulaic . mr dekker does try hard , and maybe that's the problem . i got the feeling he was trying too hard to make me care . truly great writers have a knack for pulling the reader in without showing the tricks they use to do it . the cards up mr dekker's sleeves are too apparent .
1			quality	poor			i wis you could return dvds to the place of purchase . this is a disc that in my opinion should not be on the market . the video and audio quality are very poor . it appears as though someone found a film copy of yessongs that had been the midnight special at a movie theater for many years and transfered it to dvd .
2			movie	entire	it	great	movie	suck			warning do not watch the previews before watching this movie . this movie sucked me in right from the beginning . it's great from start tofinish . too many movies these days start off slow or start good then get slowand then good at the end . after i finished watching the movie i went tosee the movie trailer and boy the movie trailer spoils the entire movie is 5 stars all the way .
2			system	great	precip	annual	writing	great	precipitation	annual	system	independent			if you have 18 annual precip . get this book ! excellent explanation of how to build a rooftop rain collection system , plus great writing & illustration style . the book is both comprehensive & understandable . with only 10 of annual precipitation , we would need a gigantic collection area and storage tank . nevertheless , i count this book among the top 100 independence books in my library . another way to have a great independent water system is known as the raney well if you have wet soils near a creek / river nearby . it is basically a reverse drainfield . it collects , instead of distributing . because the creek water is filtered , cysts and bacteria are removed . this book explains how a reverse osmosis system works . if you have to use a creek , lake or shallow well for your water supply you might consider an ro system . it might be a better choice than a deep well if the grid goes down .
2			seem	pricey	sound	great			perfect addition to enjoy the ipod . my wife says , 5 stars , 5 stars , 5 stars . highly portable with a remote control . great sound . recharges the ipod while you enjoy the sound . i spent a lot of time researching , from cnet to consumer reports and this machine receives thumbs up . may seem pricey , but compared to the competition it has everything you would want or need !
1			noisy	heavy	mice	previous	one	black	scroll	worst			its scroll is the worst among logitech optical mouse . the scroll is heavy , noisy and gets stuck sometimes especially forwa rd i have a cheaper white logitech optical mice usb / ps 2 and it works great . the only thing i don not like from this previous mice is its bright color . so i bought this black one . movement is the same but i could not scroll smoothly like the logitech optical mouse usb / ps 2 . it doesn not worth to return the item but i hate to touch the scroll of this mice . try at a shop before you decide to buy it .
2			way	easy	case	easy	idea	great			easy to lose . a pacifier case in a bright red easy to find case is a great idea . the latch to affix it to your diaper bag has a snap which opens too readily ; this makes the case way too easy to lose . skip hop should change the design to make the latch close with velcro instead .
2			worship	excellent	praise	excellent	reason	clear	zealand	new	king	great			it's the title track . the clear reason to by the album is the track dwell . this kind of song just doesn not come along that often . the rest of the album is o . k . not spectacular . for some wonderful but much overlooked worship songs , try sovereign grace ministries the look , beautiful grace and anything by mark altrogge . hillsongs praise and worship from new zealand is excellent ; don moen rarely disappoints , and wes king's great 1997 track who but god is devastating . worship , as a . w . tozer said , is the missing jewel of the church , and songs like dwell really shine .
2			ending	great	crenna	bad no			the way to start summer . my summer's start with beach boys music and this movie yes , i watch it annually , one of john candy's be st rip torn is a hoot and richard crenna is not bad either . a great ending will have you laughing . more comedies should be like this one clean verbiage and funny . just kick back and enjoy .
2			setting	brilliant	book	great	school	high			superb . i first read this book as a sophomore in high school and loved it . i bought it a few days after i finnished reading it . this is truly a great book . the imagery and characterization nix uses to bring his characters and the setting to life is truly brilliant . this is a book for all ages !
2			movie	great	transfer	terrible	package	good	movie	fantastic	quality	good			great movie but . . this is a really fantastic movie but it has been ruined for me on the dvd release . everything is so pink ! the colour transfer is terrible . for good picture quality , keep your laser disk version . otherwise the package was very good especially the song videos .
1			decision	poor	versions	theatrical	version	theatrical	devotees	true			call me with extended versions . like all true lotr devotees , i watched the theatrical versions when i had to but pounced on the extended versions and have watched them numerous times . i would never go back and watch the theatrical version and will hold out for the blu ray version in extended only . waste of disc space and poor decision by the studio .
2			bar	easy	bar	great			great cargo bar . this is a must have for pickup truck owners . the bar is easy to adjust and with the rubber feet stays firmly in place . the ratchet part is very well made . you can secure this and know for sure that your cargo is not moving . have had no problems at all . .
2			while	great	one	new			great while it lasts . motor stopped after a month exchanged it and the new one did the same thing after 3 weeks . garbage !
2			singings	bad no	june	frustrating			emotions flow . joaquin is johnny raelly makes you feel for relationship that builds over the years between johnny and june is nearly as frustrating to watch as it is for johnny to cope when they finally get it together , its singings not bad see definatly going to buy the dvd on its release in usa .
2			smells	ok	soap	great	soap	good			good soap but it evaporates fa st the soap is great , smells ok and leaves skin feeling clean and silky but the bar does not last very long .
2			clothes	pretty	toy	great	it	educational			great toy ! i had gotten wintertime wonderland cloe for a halloween present and i played with her non stop . her clothes are so pretty and she has so many accessories . the only thing was i could not put the jacket back on because the sleeves were too puffy and the arms would not go down to her size . it is only educational because it streches your imagination . but buy this toy it is th best !
2			boxes	slow	tasks	tedious	downs	great	performance	best	amount	large	application	huge			waste of time and money . if you enjoy doing tedious tasks after installing a huge application , that lags horribly and sucks up a large amount of system resources , then by all means , this game is for you . please do not waste your time and money with this you want to know the specs of the computers i played it on , in case you think my boxes were slow , well here they are note all boxes were tweaked to give the best performance , and each experienced great slow downs when there were more then 13 people in a 1 indows xpp 4 2.8 hz 60 ig 72000 rpm hd with a 2 eg cache ata 133 radeon 7500 3 internet connection with bandwidth prioritybox 2 indows 2000 uron 1.2 hz 40 ig 7200 rpm hd with a 2 eg cache udma 66 ainward geforce 4 ti 4400 overclocked to be faster then a 4600 able modembox 3 laptop windows xp 800 hz p 330 ig 5400 rpm hdon board 11 eg video card
2			way	great	level	new	it	intriguing	criticism	best			the best despite others criticism . this book was one of the best i have read in a long time . it takes a fantasy sci fi book to a new level . it was supenseful , intriguing , and a renewal of faith . a great way to say what if god had made a place other than earth . overall this deserves six stars .
1			deal	bad	crock	right no			hunk of junk . the glass crock was not right and the lid would not set squarely on it . i then contacted the manufacturer about this and was sent a replacment was even worse ! i contacted them again by email . i was then given an order number for another crock if i wanted to buy basically the thing is a bad deal ! i will never own another crockpot brand again !
2			installment	good	setting	great	characters	main			good second installment . 2 books in this series in , and i have burnt the midnight oil this week to finish both . great setting and three dimensional main characters . my concern is that i have come to this series late , with 30 already written . hope the quality doesn not drop off .
2			series	greatest	humor	great	track	horrible	alda	perfect			miss m a s h . one of the greatest tv series comes to dvd . the humor is great , acting , writing , all great . what's sorely lacking are any dvd extras . i realize that the set is 3 dvds and many episodes , but perhaps a commentary here or there , especially the pilot episode ? alan alda would be perfect , having acted , written and directed episodes throughout the series history . one wonderful feature is the ability to turn off the horrible laugh track . we don not need the producers to tell us where to laugh , there are enough funny parts as is .
2			company	great	cost	great			great for cost . the plates came quickly and were exactly what we were looking for . the cost was great compared to what everyone else was charging . great company and highly recommend them to everyone .
2			hits	big no	drummer	great	hits	biggest	songs	enjoyable	music	great	i	old	top	personal	people	free	rascals	young			great music from a monumental decade . they started out as the young rascals and then morphed into the rascals . i was only 12 or 14 years old during their heyday . yet i vividly remember hearing their songs on am radio and on my brother's car cassette deck yes , cassettes existed way back then . their music is a blend of rock , blues , pop & soul . when i listen to this best of cd , i am reminded of just how great their songs were and still are . even the songs that were not big hits are enjoyable . one of my favorites and one of their biggest hits is , people got to be free . i have collected 100 s of cds over the years . the have ry best of the rascals is in my personal top 40 one more thing i don not recall the drummers name . but that guy is a great drummer !
2			phineas	entertaining	comedy	visual	music	great	cartoon	great	ferb	entertaining	sometims	different	series	entire	it	funny	meaning	real			another superb dvd . leave it to disney to come out with another great cartoon . phineas and ferb is entertaining enough for the whole family . my 5 y / o my 2 y / o my 35 y / o husband and myself 34 y / o all sit and watch it together . we laugh at the same things for different reasons sometims and can enjoy the dvd together . the humor is layered , with visual comedy for the kids and adult verbal jokes the kids think it's funny because the characters say it , the adults think it's funny because we understand the real meaning . plenty of episodes to enjoy and great music . these are the older episodes , from 2008 but it makes no difference . we all can watch this dvd over and over again . and , i will admit it , i watch it without the kids . quite entertaining and well worth the money . we are well on our way to owning the entire series .
2			book	great			great . this book is great ! i have read all of the watcher's series andthis one is the be st i highly reccommend it
2			product	great	i	excited			my grade went from a c to an a with this dvd ! the title says it all . i m a student at the university here , and i was struggling in algebra until i stumbled across this gem of a video . my grades have improved from a c to an a , but best of all i am actually excited about taking more math courses required for my major . thanks for the great product !
2			product	great			great . this is the best little pick me upper i ever had . i am disabled and it is a great product for me .
2			bass	small	fish	popular	mouth	large	video	great	spots	right	bass	large	spots	hot			hot spots for fishing is right . this is one exciting video and many of these hot spots are still very current . babe share's many of his secret spots for walleye , large mouth bass , pike , small mouth bass , lake trout , salmon , channel catfish and pan fish including crappie , bluegill , and takes you to his secret places where he personally loves to fish . he shows you where he's caught 100 walleye on his first day out , where he likes to go to catch the most popular game fish in north america , the large mouth bass . you will see where he's caught 7 -10 b . small mouth bass in tennessee and he shares many trophy lake trout spots and even one place where he caught a 33 b channel cat . i got a chance to review this video for and must say that it is a great video for any one who loves fishing .
2			album	best	beats	superb	it	great	albums	next	lyricist	best	cd	best			best cd ever . this is the best album ever made , no doubt ! this is an instant classic . i couldn not believe my ears when i first heard this album , it's just that great ! i don not know how to describe this album , i can only say that this is a classic and it's a must have if you like hip hop ! nas puts out the very best on this album , the beats are superb and his flow is better than ever , i never heard anyone rappin like nas does on this album , it's so pure and perfect ! nas was , is and will allways be the best lyricist and he defenitly proves that on this album ! on his next albums he still raps thight and all but still , this album has something the others doesn not have , no one of his other albums came close to this ! and no respect for jay z cause nas allready won the war and jay z knows that , he just won not admitt ! well , all i can say bout this is that it is the best hip hop album ever and that if you don not own it you must buy it ! still the poet . still the prophet . stillmatic
2			a	great	lack	total	lack	hard	book	great			great book . i couldnt stop reading this book and finished it in 2 was a eye opener and put every thing into context , how this man managed to carry on his work with the d . a showing total lack of a back bone is hard to believe , i would have walked along time ago . i totaly believe steve thomas is on the right track , intruder ? ? yeah right . great book a must read
1			toaster	poor	bread	normal			very poor toaster . i have had this toaster for 2 months now . the lift buttons jam and you have to use them to get normal size bread out . it toasts poorly and unevenly . bottom line is i am already looking to replace it .
2			bands	political	lyrics	clear	metallica	new	solo	great	it	fresh	it	different	metallica	fresh	vocals	weak	change	biggest	lyrics	incredible	buyers	new	lyrics	confusing			maybe they should take a break . st anger is a valiant effort on metallica's part , it really is . it tries so hard to be different , a fresh new metallica . it is different , very much so , and it is a new metallica , but i wouldn not call it fresh . they realized the power ballads and great solo's had gotten old , so they replaced them with weak vocals and a harsh sound that sounds more like something you might hear out of the political type punk bands . i think the sound is the biggest change on this album , but the second biggest change is the lyrics . hetfield used to write incredible lyrics that were both confusing and clear at the same time . here the lyrics are very blunt and rather trite , most of them obviously stemming from his stint in rehab . metallica fans , no matter how loyal will probably not like this album , and it surely won not appeal to new buyers either . looks like newsted picked the right time to leave .
2			book	great	it	easy	i	terrible	school	high			wow ! i just started going to school again after a very long nearly 10 year hiatus and decided that i was going to dive into my math prerequisites first , to finally get them out of the way . i m terrible at math and my advisor registered me for precalculus algebra . i was freaking out until i found this book and started reviewing it . while it wasn not the answers to everything there is to know about precal , it was an amazing book as it taught me everything i needed to know about the fundamentals of algebra . it's written for high school students but it was still a great book and very easy to use and learn . the examples and the problems to work out were top notch . so far i m doing great with precal and it's all because of this book ! get it now !
2			it	right	film	great	characters	great	i	disappointed no	flick	die	film	little	flick	hard			road trip love story . this is a wonderful movie that even some die hard chick flick hating men will enjoy . wonderful acting , great characters and a heart felt story that delivers first frame to la st never overacted but done with beautiful pacing and editing that leads you through the story scene by scene . i never knew what would happen next but i hoped and was not disappointed . sam and amber really did it right with this great little film . watch it alone or with someone you love . 5 stars .
2			tastes	great			dutch oven lodge . this item is just super for our needs . its an even cook and food tastes great . i am learning how to care for it properly and so far i m doing well . its an easy care for product . i will be looking into accessories for it as well .
2			it	perfect	brush	nice	you	satisfied	size	great	slicker	great	x	small			great slicker . this is a really nice brush . the quality makes it perfect for almost any dog and they like to be brushed with it . i like both the x small , and the one above that in size . both work for my cavalier king charles spaniels . this smaller one is perfect for the cat , and would be great for smaller breeds . this size is great for the show ring if you decide to take a brush into the ring , but i m not a fusser when i get that far along , so don not . my guess is that you will be very satisfied with this slicker , and they are definitely worth the extra $ .
1			book	big	i	disappointed	book	next	seller	best	it	good	book	worst	house	new	ending	boring			worst book of the series . a brief insight into what was going through jordans head while writing this would be something like blah , blah , blah , daddy needs a new house , blah , blah , blah . i was extremely disappointed in the lastest book as nothing happens . even the cliff hanger ending was boring . its becoming increasingly obvious to me that jordan and his publishers know they have an instant best seller so they don not care whether or not it's actually good . if the next book is as big a piece of verbal diarhea as this one , i won not care how the storey ends .
2			i	pleased	game	interesting	game	simple	enemy	clear	it	fun	objectives	dull	graphics	terrible	game	good no	game	great	itself	simple			not so good for the console . played this game when it first came out on pc . it was fun , so i was pleased to find that it made it's way to the console . unfortunatley it's not a good game for the console at all . terrible graphics , and i rarely make comments about graphics being bad because gameplay usually makes up for that in my book . well the gameplay sadly was subpar . the game itself was too simple . there was no challenge . the objectives were dull and didnt have meaning . there was a whole lot of repetition . order the point man to lead . pointman stops when enemy spotted . kill enemy . proceed . reach objective . clear enemy . secure objective . proceed to landing zone . kill enemy . board chopper . boooi made it to the 3 d mission and cut this game off . i recommend renting this game prior to making a purchase . some might find this game interesting , but it lacks substance to make it a great game . i would also recommend trying the demo for the pc version . it is more well balanced and more fine tuned .
2			deal	great	difference	amazing	difference	huge	memory	total			works great with ibook g 4 . i wasn not sure whether or not this would work with my ibook g 4 14 , but took a gamble since it was the same spec pc 2700 200 pin . after 10 minutes following apple's instruction on upgrading the ibook's memory , i was up and running . the difference is amazing 768 b total memory makes a huge difference in responsiveness of the system compared to the base memory of 256 b . amazon needs to do better in this area to tell which products would work with this memory . highly recommended for your ibook and a great deal to boot !
2			turf	professional	employees	new	niederhoffer	famous	gem	true	speculation	professional	books	best	endevour	great			secrets of professional turf betting . excellent ! one of the best books on professional speculation around ! how rare is the man that understands mass psychology and how to copper the public . heard famous speculator vic niederhoffer used to make this reqd reading for all new employees . it is a true gem on the great endevour of speculation and the speculative mind .
2			songs	popular	addition	great			great addition to your fleetwood mac collection . this cd is wonderfully put together . although there are plenty of the popular songs that make it on all their greatest hits albums , there is enough material that you don not often hear to make this cd a must have .
2			mix	perfect	supply	short	shame	real	hopes	high	read	fantastic			three men two stars . three men in a boat is a fantastic read the mix of comedy and adventure is perfect and it captures the victorian era to a not . i therefore had high hopes of the sequel , three men on the bummel . unfortunetly i can not praise it . the laugh aloud comedy element has given way to , at beast monologues you smile through , at worst , ones you want to skip . the adventure is in short supply and doesn not sit well with the comedy . a real shame .
2			blues	great			blues are great when alana sings em . i don not really like the blues but alana sings them and she sounds really good you should buy this no matter what and if you have no money borrow it from someone1
2			writer	annoying	things	good	reads	great	i	excited	it	disturbing			ugh ! i also was excited to read this book , i would heard good things about it . i was really suprised that i could dislike it this much ! the writer is just sooo totally self centered and annoying . i have never rolled my eyes so much while reading a book and just found it so shallow and the writer so concieted . i found it disturbing that she didn not seem too affected by the poverty she must have witnessed in india , perhaps she was , it just didn not come across to me in the book that she was . if you want some great reads i would suggest the glass castle , the book thief and three cups of tea .
2			purchase	great	set	famous	set	comparable			amazing ! this set is comparable to uchida's famous set of mozart piano sonatas on phillips with much better sound ! not so dry like uchida's set but with hall ambience / reverebance i bought this because of morrison's review and completely concur with his sentiments . great purchase .
2			product	fantastic	i	pleased			fantastic product and 5 stars to amazon for its delivery ! i always wanted to buy a breville and this model was on top of my li st this is primarily because i wanted vary the consistency of the juice to add a bit of fiber in my drink . the varying speed control lets me do just that . kudos to amazon's delivery in 2 days flat , i am very pleased i bought this specifically at amazon and not at macy's .
2			ball	sturdy	ball	great	run	great	price	great			great ball . great run around ball for hamsters . our hamster loves to run around the house in this , he doesn not like his wheel so i figured this would be good for exercise , great price and comes with a decent sized package of food ! the ball is sturdy enough , the lid interlocks and stays put . would recommend !
1			phone	great no			how to intoxicate all of your friends . this phone has the ability , when more than a few messages are left , to make everyone sound like they are calling from the last day of a three day binge on spring break . really ! i dont know how it does this when it is tapeless , perhaps its some sort of plot to make us question our sanity . not a great phone !
1			i	disappointed	moving	easy	thing	bad	it	helpful	hole	large	it	easy			good but not durable . i have used this cover on one trip . it was very helpful , and easy to use . the whole side opens up so that the stroller can fit in quickly , and the bag has wheels for easy moving . the only bad thing about this cover is that when using the wheels to move the stroller the cover drags on the ground and it wore a hole in it . i was very disappointed that it was so fragile . i only used it on it's wheels for maybe 100 feet and it already has a fairly large hole in it .
2			movie	great			the confession . great movie ! i really enjoy watching it . excellent actors and performing . give you the chance to watch it . you won not regret .
2			size	next	brother	old	thing	great	part	best	colors	different	colors	gorgeous			love love love ! i always love melissa & doug products because of their durability and this two puzzle set doesn not disappoint ! my 4 year old loves puzzles and had quickly graduated to 48 pieces , so we decided to give these a try . she loved them and does them so quickly . we now need to move on to the next size . the pictures / colors are gorgeous and so different then all of the other puzzles out there . another great thing is that they are housed on a wooden board with a ridge and each piece is made out of wood . no more puzzle pieces being bent in half by her 2 year old brother ! the best part is the fact that we are offered two 48 piece puzzles at this amazing price . the only con is that we purchased both sets and now there are no more . highly recommend because they are a wonderful value and will last for many years for other children .
2			bass	best	bass	great	job	good	noise	active	they	comfortable	step	enormous			great bass for an immersing feel . these headphones have a lot of base . this makes the music seem louder than it is and it is a lot fuller and more immersing . they don not have an active noise canceling system but do a good job sound quality on these if you like bass is the best you can get for your money . if you are not a bass fan there are some better options out there . that being said the base does make the music sound better i think in genres other than rap . at the $ 30 price i got these for i would recommend buying them even if your not a bass fan . they are comfortable and feel like a well made product . an enormous step up from my ipod brand earbuds .
2			smell	terrible	product	great			great product . i really like this product . it keeps the bugs away here in the sticky south and it doesn not smell terrible . it is a little greasy , but i haven not found an insect repellent or sunblock that isn not . i would definitely recommend this to anyone who attracts irritating insects like mosquitoes and no see u ms
2			screen	great	topics	old			love it ! i have love are becca since the first time i saw it 35 yrs ago and have been looking for it ever since . the reproduction is excelent and the full screen is great , very watchable . i tell everyone about are becca when ever old movie topics come up in conversation and even force my family to watch it and they like the product too . thanks , cheers .
2			book	great			great book . thank you . i look forward to reading it and understanding more of this fascinating world of our with toxins and removing them
2			dogs	great			where the red fern grows . a truly inspiring story about two great dogs ! if you read one book in your life please read this one ! !
1			bungle	crazy	one	worst	album	good			just not the same mr bungle . this album is pretty good . however i would rather stick a fork in my eye . i like the old crazy mr bungle not the i m trying to make a good album mr bungle . i now have all three mr bungles and this one is the worst so far . however i did give it two stars for two reasons . one , it's mr bungle , and two , the last song is really crazy . if your a fan of the self titled album , don not buy this .
2			musical	great			love this movie ! this is a great musical for the whole family ! timeless classic that i have been watching since i was a kid .
1			sound	bad			a arte da chico buarque . early chico buarque , 23 songs , includes gems such as samba de orly and cordao . too bad the sound is not up to par .
2			touches	little	grasp	good	cd	great	song	least			surprisingly good ! exciter was a pretty 2.5 star album , but this one blows the doors off of that . as others have mentioned , i don not think it's better than violator by any means their best , imo , but this cd is great . depeche mode has a knack for pulling off an aesthetic , and this cd has a good grasp of adding little touches that make even the least brilliant song shine a little brighter . if you are a fan of the 80 s dm , i recommend at least giving it a listen .
1			smells	bad	perfume	strong			a strong smelling perfume . a strong perfume , bad smells like coconut oil , would not buy this product again . will not recommend to friends and family
2			contents	new	lyrics	terrible	contents	depressing	solos	weak	disappointment	biggest	something	great			the biggest disappointment of the year . i love weezer . and i have for years now . that's why i find this new albums contents extremely depressing . is this what we waited 5 years for ? a 10 song , 29 minute album ? the first half is pretty acceptable . don not let go , photograph , and island in the sun are among the albums be st . but the second half of the album sounds like pretty much the same song over and over . the structure is the same , the lyrics are terrible , the solos are weak . i m sure in all the time off they wrote hundreds of songs . if these are the best then i fear for the future of weezer . they used to be something truly great .
2			book	little	section	great	it	fun	present	great			a cute little book . i liked this , so it's not in depth study of the craft . but it's fun to read , it has a beautiful layout , it is filled with very lovely pictures and the spells are easier than those in the first spells that contains are elemental spell , zodiac sign spells and kitchen spells . especially this last section is great ! the ingredients used are every day materials and common herbs , and so far they seem to work . furthermore , it would make a great present for your pagan friend .
1			voltage	bad	electronics	various			underpowered , with a bad voltage regulator . i love these for powering various random , rarely used , or found electronics . specs are 3.0 12 output 500 a max look around and you will find 1000 -1300 a units for less . other reviewers have said the voltage setting is a notch higher that you would 's going to fry any of your sensitive devices . always your device for power requirements . no worry about a higher powered unit burning out your device your device will only use the amperage that it needs , but take care in the voltage setting !
2			movie	great			great movie . a great movie , that reminds you love can happen anywhere , anytime , just when you think it never will it does , love happens
2			bit	short	i	curious	product	great	wax	good			4.5 stars i have got two ! your bikini line won not be touchably smooth , like after a good wax or shave , but if you are just looking to keep the hair to a minimum , this is a great product . i would be curious to know how well this works for women with dark hair the reason you don not get shave bumps is because a very short bit of the hair is left behind , which might be a problem for brunettes with very light skin .
2			motivator	powerful	business	small	motivator	great			powerful motivator . the art of the start is a great motivator for those who are interested in starting just about anything . yes , guy dives into a lot of topics pertaining to venture capitalism , but if you are starting a small business , this book will still give you to motivation to go out and get things done . this book is like a match lit up under your seat . read it . you will enjoy it and be driven by it .
2			music	depressed	cd	heavy no	glow	golden	place	special	glow	soft	cd	great	use	creative	you	hooked			wa wa wanderful . something about that wa wa guitar that lifts these heart felt rifts to a special place in the ear . in the pop alternative sky filled with the dark clouds of seriously dreary and depressed music , the harmonica pocket is that ray of sunshine poking thru to spread a soft and golden glow upon the soul . a great cd to listen to that's not too heavy but very filling . a satisfying treat . creative use of instruments and that very distinct harmonica pocket wa wa guitar , along with the wonderfully wrought lyrics give this very successful debut album a sound all its own . give it whirl in your cd player and you will be hooked , too !
1			sub	old	guys	bad	nautical	little			a landlubber wrote it . the story starts as a page turner will the pilot get his plane on the deck ? but the cast of characters includes an ensign junior grade . dumb . lieuteneant j . g . is a rank . the author gets a little nautical with terms like for wd , and foc'sle . he goofs when a sailor goes up a floor on the carrier deck ! the bad guys sneak up in an old sub , keeping it at 3 knots quiet . they get within 3 miles . how ? the task force has a defending screen use sonar ! they have 2 ssns use sonar ! dumb . i quit the book at that point . he supposedly had naval advisers . i don not think they earned their pay . stan beattie
2			watch	easy	qualities	great	watch	great	looks	good			easily my favorite watch ever . i own two of these watches , one for everyday and the other for the gym although they get alternated frequently . had them for over 2 years already . i have never had an issue with the band , with the water , the battery , or anything for that matter . have to buy a 3 d b / c my sister in law wants one of mine . considering its been on vacations , my son tries his hardest to break it toddler , i lift weights and exercise with it , etc , i can not imagine others are putting there watch thru more rigors . great watch , pretty easy to use , looks good , and has great qualities . i m sure as long as they continue to make it i will keep buying the same exact one .
2			xp	hard	bang	great			great bang for the buck . so much fun it became an addiction . i spent a hundred hours or more playing several thousand hands of texas hold em . i have no problem with the game requirement that you earn part of the entrance fee to the wsop , however , the entrance scheme is very hokey and cumbersome totally unnecessary ! i did find that some winning hands were incorrectly awarded ; one in a few hundred . this can be disconcerting if there is a lot at stake and you are not sure who has the winning hand . part of the program is copied to your hard drive i have windows xp and am unable to remove this part of the program . you need to inset the disc to play . all in all it's still a bla st
2			dynasty	great	baseman	greatest	biography	good no	pictures	great			the iron horse . this is not a long biography of gehrig , which is good if you like quick reading . it brings out the character in the quiet consistant ballplayer who played second fiddle on a great baseball dynasty . it is about how lou gehrig lived , how he played , and how he died , with a lot of great pictures as well . his tragic death shocked a nation , and his life was turned into a movie shortly after . this is the story of the greatest first baseman of all time .
2			content	educational	pat	special	instruments	different	content	effective	games	great			this masterpiece is a must have . this dvd is a wonderful work of art the story of peter and the wolf , the orchestral music , the experience of going to a concert , and the notion of music telling a story are seamlessly woven together with humor . my 2 -1 2 year old daughter adores this dvd now , and she has learned all the instruments . she can even discriminate between a clarinet , oboe , and bassoon a sign that the educational content was extremely effective ! the dvd also includes some great games for identifying different instruments or viewing only the orchestra playing the music these bonus materials actually complement the movie instead of just being some added junk . keith lockhart and the boston pops deserve a special pat on the back , and i hope they plan on collaborating on more projects like this .
2			courses	basic	step	next	book	great	algebra	elementary			algebra book . this book is great ! once you have completed elementary algebra , this should be your next step . a lot of people i know who have been out of school for a long time , if they don not take the basic courses first , fail college level math and have to come back to our teacher's class anyway .
2			fun	great	adventure	real			an a for a&r . i have known biill flanagan over the years as a fellow traveler in music we have written for a lot of the same magazines musician , rolling stone , the ny times , et al . i have always found him to be perceptive and clear eyed about the music business while remaining a devoted fan of music , rarely cynical and unusually supportive , and those qualities serve him well in this novel . he's an engaging storyteller , and packs enough real adventure into the work squalls at sea , a kidnapping , some street fights to make me think that he could turn out some fine novels that have nothing to do with the music industry . but here he has great fun skewering the pretensions of the business while maintaining a genuine affection for his characters . well done .
2			movie	great	it	amazing	scenes	fantastic	w	big	thumbs	big	movies	best			a wonderful chase of comedy . the movie is great it has a lot of stars in in it spencer tracy was the man and milton berle sid caesar edie adams ethel merman johnathan winters mickey rooney buddy hackett phil silvers dorothy provine jimmy durante dick shawn the 3 stooges norman fell don knotts buster keaton peter falk eddie rochester anderson carl reiner and just about everyone the film is directed by stanley kramer it's about 3 rs and 2 mins long you can get it from hollywood's blockbuster's record town the wiz borders media play wal mart's and kmart's anywhere you gonna buy it at and it's a fun film with laughs suprises danger and fantastic scenes like the money being burried under a big w in santa rosita state park the hardware store sequence was the one that people never seen before and it was amazing a fully restored film will be history it will be the best movies of all time for the millenium and it will always be remembered i gave it 2 big thumbs up rent or buy this movie right nowpeace i m out
2			characters	intriguing	books	best	book	great			a great book ! caleb's curse is one of the best books i have read in a long time . the characters were so intriguing i imagined myself along side of them every step of the way . the author paints such a vivid image of coastal carolina i could almost feel the ocean breeze . i look forward to more books by sally glass
2			film	little	newman	incredible	film	great			excellent view of the early days of rock & roll . first of all , i echo all the other reviewers who are incredulous at the omission of this film on dvd ! while taking a few liberties with the facts , the representation of alan freed masterfully played by the late tim mcintyre is for the most part on the mark . the side plots range from funny to poignant the romance between jay leno & fran drescher and laraine newman as a teenage songwriter , and the music is incredible ! check out kenny vance & the planotones doing come go with me , and the chesterfields , with james taylor backup vocalist arnold mccullers doing frankie lymon & the teenagers ! let's not leave out two of the fathers of rock & roll . chuck berry & jerry lee lewis in all their glory ! tons of references to other music of the era , with glimpses of life in radio in the 50 , and a look at the making of a hit record in the studio ! this is a great little film !
2			problem	small	details	great	point	low	book	fabulous			i loved it with one small problem . the book was fabulous and i loved the way they talked about the cat civilization , they ought to write more on that , but i didn not like the last section earth . maybe i m just weak but i don not like doubting my own exsistence . if i don not read the sequal soon i may have nightmares intil i see how their , better than life , game ends . but please don not let that keep you from reading that , just have the second book on hand . that was the low point , but it did have some really great details on how lister came to be on the red dwarf . eli@
2			job	incredible	school	central	it	worth	book	great	school	high			great book for all ages . i just finished reading this wonderful novel for my english class . i read enjoyed everything about the book , from start to finish . beals does an incredible job of giving the reader so much detail that he / she feels they are right there with melba as she endures the struggles of going to central high school . although the book does get depressing at times , it is definetly worth reading the 300 page book , because the ending is what really ties the book together .
2			numbers	large no	thermoter	great			great thermoter . this is wonderfful thermometer , i have only one fault with it . the numbers are not large enough . i have eye problems and i could and would appreciate larger numbers .
1			mails	romantic	guy	bad			bland . i hate to be the bad guy , but someone has got to be brutally hone st i almost fell asleep watching this . sleepless in seattle was 10 times better and just because tom hanks and meg ryan are reunited doesn not make the movie any better . it takes her way too long to figure out it is the seemingly chauvanistic fox books owner with whom she exchanges romantic e mails . please , i know movies aren not realistic in general but really this was boring and i expected more . better luck next time .
1			health	poor	conditions	poor			a comprehensive and isightful view of the fast food industry . if you buy fast food , then you must buy this book . schlossen informs the reader about the benefits and the falacies of the fast food industry and how it relates to people like you and me . everytime we buy fast food we are resigning ourselves to poor health and promoting the growth and expansion of poor working conditions . the fast food industry has developed a vital symbiotic relationship with our economy . if people continue to buy fast food , american's health is going to continue to degradate itself . on the other hand if we stop buying fast food are economy could very well collapse . get the whole story from eric schlossen , a well respected writed and journalis . get this book !
1			use	little	ink	low	printer	worst	amount	huge			the worst printer experience ever . hi , i bought my epson c 80 and six months later the printer failed due to me printing too few printouts . at this point the printer and cartridges had cost upwards of $ 200 epson sent me a replacement printer , after much work on my part . the replacement , a c 82 consumed a huge amount of ink . then , hiding its problem s behind a low ink warning , i was forced to spend another $ 65 on cartridges . after replacing them , the problem surfaced that the printer had indeed , again failed . this time customer service said to get it fixed at a minimum cost of $ 40 $ 70 i have also noticed that epson is the only brand out there where you cannot buy ink refill kits . thus im out over $ 250 for very little use .
2			editing	great	ladies	entertaining	ending	happy	i	glad			finally , a groundhog's day trope done well . i bought the instant video download , and i am so glad that i did ! great editing , music selections , word play and acting . thanks to all involved for making a movie about same gender loving ladies that's smart , entertaining and concludes with a happy ending !
2			package	great	clamshells	great	gadget	little	you	careful	gadget	bad			works great , till the battery won not hold a charge . i have gone through 2 of these now , so i don not think it is a problem unique to my first one . this little gadget worked great opening clamshells . it hangs up easily so you do have to be careful how you use it , but not a bad gadget . but , the battery stop holding a charge within a few months of purchase . since it doesn not work at all when plugged in , and i don not generally want to wait hours for the battery to charge so i can open a package , not so great . and since the battery cannot be replaced , well , you get the idea . pretty useless . i am going to try some other gadget . hopefully i will find something that i can keep on hand . i see one that takes replaceable batteries . better idea .
1			soundtracks	poor	today	rich	release	rich	prints	poor	quality	low			let's keep this simple . this is a low quality get rich quick release of poor quality prints dubbed with poor quality soundtracks and released to any dummy with a wallet and no common sense . if you wish to join the hordes of shills who regularly get ripped off with low quality garbage , then go ahead . make a rip off artist rich today .
2			shops	local	candy	great	i	pleased	i	delighted			great chewy candy ! fast shipping . this is a wonderful sour not too sour chewy candy . my local shops stopped carrying it , and i was delighted to find it on amazon . the shipping was prompt and i am pleased !
1			ditty	acoustic	ditty	reminiscent	ditty	nice	packaging	cool	rays	italian	ditty	little	song	bad			synthesizer foolishness . italian x rays represents the lowest point creatively and production wise to which steve miller ever sunk . it is awash in synthesizers , mostly written by the likes of kenny lee lewis and byron allred band members , and chock full o cringe worthy material . bongo bongo is probably the most inexplicably bad song on the album . sample lyrics she likes it she likes it my baby she likes it my baby she likes to dance . what was he thinking ? this album will leave you feeling bored and violated . to be fair , one in a million the last sing on the album is a nice little acoustic ditty that is vaguely reminiscent of circle of love . that's about the nicest thing i can say about the album , that and the album art / packaging was cool .
1			batch	bad			won not stay inflated . after my first bed failed , and after some back and forth with the manufacturer , i received a second bed . i m sad to say that i have had the exact same problem with the replacement which is that it will not stay inflated overnight if a child is sleeping in the bed . in both of the beds we have had , air seeps out of the area near the inflation point which indicates a design or manufacturing flaw . i really wish this bed worked , and maybe they just have a bad batch at the moment , but i must advise against buying it .
2			gift	great			great gift for the hard to shop for . i got this for my daughter who is college . she basically wanted money for christmas . but when i got her this she watched most of it over break ! it is a home run gift ! shipped promptly as well .
2			coating	black	knife	identical	knife	great	action	smooth	it	open	it	tough	it	solid	knife	solid	it	cool			great knife . i just put in a order today . this will be the third identical knife i have bought . i love this knife ! it is tough and really cool to look at . i got my first one in 2005 and then lost it in 2010 it held up great , the action was smooth , i could flick it open with ease and it was still rock solid . i m not a ranch hand or construction worker that depends on this knife to get me through my work day . i am most certainly a weekend warrior of the outdoors , camping , hiking , fishing , cliff diving , kayaking , boating , bonfires , all of it . one time i was in a pich and i opened a can of spaghettios with this knife . the spaghettios can did scratch off some of the black coating on the blade but it kept its edge well and nothing else was damaged . it is a solid knife and i have it in my pocket all the time .
2			ripe	rich	grandson	great			an elegant men's fragrance . we are told that the packaging for this signature men's fragrance interoduced in 1999 was inspired by boucheron's collection of watches . the bottle did , indeed , win an awa rd a rich , ripe fragrance redolent of verbena , moss , sandalwood , and vanilla boucheron pour homme is a one of a kind recognized as makers of elegrant , luxurious jewelry boucheron began in 1830 when the first store opened in paris . it was not until 1988 that the first boucheron fragrance was launched . boucheron remains in family hands today , the president being the founder's great grandson , alain boucheron . to me , that bespeaks pride in and attention to product . both of which benefit the consumer .
1			cd	bad	cd	worst	lyrics	terrible	music	good	singing	decent	thing	positive			worst cd of 2007 save yourself do not buy this cd if you like good music ! i only bought this cd because i read some guy's review that compared him to srv in regard to his playing and singing style . the guy that wrote that is an idiot . this cd is so bad that i cringe when i see the cover . nuno's tired riffs and half hearted playing make me want to vomit . his lyrics are terrible . his singing is decent at best ; unfortunately he is singing his own one positive thing that i have to say about this cd is that the picture on the cover reminds me of david caruso from csi miami . that , and it's not my music . terrible !
1			i	sorry	recording	poor	disappointment	major	bu	real			a major disappointment . poor recording , wimpy performances , bizarre editing and goofy graphics at the the beginning of each song made this dvd a real bu st i should have taken to heart a similarly dismal review by another purchaser before i bought this disc . i m sorry to have to say this about one of my favorite groups of all time , but , they should be embarrased for letting this disc be released .
1			engineering	poor	performance	weak	money	low	bulkiness	heavy	pole	electric	idea	good	shrubbery	large			nose heavy bulkiness . have been a landscape gardener for over 35 years . was looking for a non gas operated pole hedge shear . didn not want to deal with noise and weight . need pole trimmer for middle of top of established large shrubbery . very disappointed with awkward design , handling , and weak performance . couldn not imagine using this tool for any length of time . literally used it for only minutes on middle of shrub . other then that , will sit on the shelf . good idea but poor engineering . buyer beware . glad of low money investment . still waiting for a well made and designed electric pole hedge shear .
1			reception	credible	philosophy	broad	literature	deep	literature	broad	art	poor	realism	modern			a slow annihilation . like terence malick's 2011 horror the tree of life , solaris pretends at philosophy . even in the ussr its reception was only credible because of the director's nationality . russian literature and philosophy are broad and deep , from early mysticisms to modern realism . and poetry , in that the russians excel . but tarkovsky's admittedly beautiful photograpic essay is little more than pseudo philosophy and poor surrealistic art .
2			movie	great	theatre	local	productions	local			great movie . this is one of the funniest movies i ever have seen . i have worked in local theatre productions , and this movie totally hits the spot and tells the truth on how people think ! you will get it if you have worked in local theatre for sure ! ! a wonderful and funny movie .
2			movie	great			classic . this movie is great , a little obscene but none the less an instant classic , however i would of gave it five stars if it were jay and sponge bob ! !
2			content	true	it	great	twins	identical			i give this book 1 star cos of the pics inside . i love that 8 pics inside the book , but it's impossible for me to believe what the author was writing bout she even said that dave and clint are identical twins , what the hell is the problem ? the author didn not have enough information . or i should say she's got most information that all we moffatts fans know aren not right enough . i suggest you guys have a go for the official backstage pass instead of this book cos it's got all cute pics that you want , and the most important is , all the content inside is true . well it's great to have that 8 pics though .
2			it	due	looks	great			decades of use . i bought this bianchi belt but with brass buckle from ll bean when they used to carry it . i have owned the belt for over 25 years , have abused it with gun holster carry , etc , and it still looks great and has mostly kept its shape . i did not wear it every day as i wear business cloths , but i have never had any belt survive for more than a couple of years except for this one . i would replace it if i lost it , but will probably never replace it due to wear .
2			humour	great			adams last gasp . sadly for his fans douglas is dead . no time machines to escape to the rateotu either . bugger . this collection of random items from his mac is great humour and while he might have said not ready too many placeholders , i have enjoyed it immensely .
2			camera	great			the best keeps getting better . i have an earlier version of this camera and love it . i bought this one for my wife and it is even better . you can charge the battery out of the camera , which allows you to have a standby battery for long continuous picture taking . although you probably won not use that feature because battery life is extremely loooong . great camera .
2			hits	great			great but can t find the song i wont to here . i love the cd and know its the greatest to some but i think wilson also have a lot of other great hits which i can not find to name i was to niceisn not that you help me find them
2			it	heavy	cream	great			lots of fun , but some work too . this ball was a lot of fun but it was very heavy and required quite a bit of muscle to roll it around . we sat in a circle in chairs and rolled it with our feet . you can not throw it or toss it . it is just too heavy . the ice cream was great though . we made plain vanilla . very rich and very sweet if you follow the included recipe .
2			flavor	great	value	good			great flavor . really like the licorice mint combo , but they dissolve too fast , so i like to take several at once , or one after another . seemed like a good value , but they are not .
2			darlin	little	it	cute	ones	original	it	loud	music	great	baby	old	he	loud	it	easy			everyone loves he's a bit loud ! i got this gloworm for my 4 month old baby for christmas because i loved mine as a child . it's cute and easy for him to activate on his it's quite loud . you definetly can not take it to bed it's a playtime only toy due to how loud the music would have been great to have been like the original ones . a little softer and not so loud . that's my only complaint . otherwise , my little darlin loves it .
1			experience	bad			very bad experience . i placed an order for this product . shopspark charged me , sent a totaly diferent product and now they don not want to send me the right product .
1			bucks	worst	it	cool	i	old			waste of time . i see no reason why this should have been made . worst ten bucks i have ever spent in my life . i guess if i was 13 years old and found this it could be cool . wow . disappointed .
2			read	great			bees a great read . as a southerner reading this book brought back many memories . well written and moving illustration of how family of choice can heal hurts from birth family .
2			it	unbelievable	artist	innovative	hormone	young	personality	great			a better splash . i would suggest that viewers watch two films , a bigger splash and another one , a bigger picture , done 40 years later , both deal with the evolution of david hockney , painter . in viewing both films you will see how time changes him , from the young hormone , ego driven artist to a later reflective and sharing person . it is almost unbelievable the changes that occur in a person's life as reflected in these fil ms very few artist have shared so much about their lives and art as does hockney , most are reclusive or secretive especially about their process of creating . hockney is not only an innovative artist but also a scholar , teacher and great screen personality .
1			version	worst	movie	awful	representation	worst	movie	good	man	old			this movie was awful ! how can you people say this was a good movie . it is the worst version of les miserables that i have ever seen . i have read the book , seen the musical and watch two other movie versions other than this , this is by far the worst representation of les miserbles ever . are this people supposed to be actors ? jean gabin was a grumpy old man and would have done a better job as ebenezer scrooge than jean valjean . all of the actors were horrid the only one who was remotely torlerable was the bishop . don not get this , you will be dissapointed .
1			service	bad			bad customer service . my clock . was defective . and the company . refused to replace the product . i tried all the trouble shooting in the world that they asked me to said i have to pay for shipping . to the is just very pooor customer service . i am never buying this companies product again and will report to bbb . regards
1			value	worth no	product	poor	bit	low			not worth it . the lasting value of this is not worth your money . at 2 b , you can not store much of anything on it . at 8 b , agreed its a bit low in today's tech standards , but it functions perfectly for me and my desired apps . if you waste your money on this , you will soon find that its a very pretty , but completely useless organizer . shop around and you will see that . you can get either a better looking , more memory pda , or a more memory pda for cheap organnizing . very poor product in my opinion .
2			insights	original	insights	spiritual	scholar	religious	book	complete	inspiration	great	place	good	spiritual	practical	life	spiritual	spiritual	clear	approaches	religious	understanding	spiritual	living	modern			truly a masterwork of modern living scripture . i have enjoyed many noteable works of great inspiration , but reading god talks with arjuna , was literally a breathtaking experience . not just another gita commentary this work contains many original spiritual insights and practical , balanced , religious approaches to life that are desparately needed in to days world . but most of all , paramahansa yogananda was a living example of that ideal christlike perfection as taught in the gita and has inspired millions with his autobiography of a yogi . a rewarding in depth revelation awaits any serious , sincere seeker of truth . especially recommended for the serious religious scholar and devotee . if you have not yet found a satisfying answers to lifes most profound questions , this would be a good place to find clear , simple , practical , spiritual direction and understanding . a complete reference book for living the spiritual life and guiding your journey to self realization .
1			cd	bad	cd	japanese	thing	good	songs	japanese			totally unworthy of sailor moon . yes , they did make an attempt to put the japanese songs that's the only good thing about this american songs are morbidly happy and completely simple and are unimaginative to say the lea st 13.99 is way too much to pay for this bad cd . the japanese cd's are 100 better . contact me if you would like to know where to buy them from as i m an avid anime fan .
2			reviews	great	story	boring			boring . let me save you some time . if you are not a grisham fan , skip this book . this story of jury manipulation is not only not plausible , but also boring . i cannot figure out why all these people keep giving grisham great reviews .
1			quality	poor	protector	new	i	happy no	quality	great no	it	thin	gauge	thick			poor quality . the brand new protector ripped while i was putting it on my son's bed . the quality was not great and it tore easily . i guess you get what you pay for . i thought 6 gauge would be thick enough , but it was super thin . my husband said it was garbage and i should return it . i decided to keep it because i did not want the hassle of returning the product . i put the torn side on the bottom of the bed , so it works for now . i am not happy with my purchase , so i wanted to write this review .
2			soundtrack	good	pieces	good	follower	great			a good soundtrack for a movie i have never seen ! there's an interesting story behind my decision to get this soundtrack . a few years back , i saw a david cooperfield special and he did an illusion that had a song that was unmistakably done by u 2 because i recognized bono's voice . of course i didn not know the song title , and it doesn not appear on any of their albu ms so i looked through amazon and came across this album . after listening to a sample , that was all i needed to place my the question is was it worth it ? the answer is yes ! in the name of the father and billy bola are two cool songs by bono , the two classics voodoo child and dedicated follower of fasion are great , plus the instrumential pieces are very good . you made me the thief of your heart sounds like something from one of those pure moods albums and rounds off the album course one of these days i will have to check out the movie .
2			descriptions	clear	premise	interesting	potential	great	detail	good			interesting premise , good detail . i enjoyed reading this book . the premise was interesting , and i hope it will be explained in subsequent novels . the descriptions of setting , action , and motive were also very clear . there is great potential in this series .
2			ones	hard	eater	great	ones	soft			the only bibs you will need . these are fantastic . forget cloth bibs you need to wash after every use , the flimsy reusable ones that are hard to clean like the bumkins or kushies , soft plastic ones that rip or bend over so the cup part doesn not catch anything like onestep ahead these are excellent . we gave all the others away and just need two of these . and my boy's a mess . but they are so easy you put them on , the hold their shape so catch almost everything , and are super easy to clean up just a quick rinse . no mess , no piles of dirty bibs to wash , great . we used them for my daughter too . she wasn not nearly such a messy eater but neat or messy these bibs work great . yes , they are stiff , but that's why they hold their shape . they are not uncomfortable though . both my boy and girl wore them from 6 to 3 ears without complaints .
1			one	new	vacuum	worst			worst vacuum ever . i own the fantom falcon for 6 months and the belt has gone bad on the power head . i placed an order for another belt and the fantom company told me it was on back order and it would take 6 to 8 weeks to get a new one sent to me . wow no vacuum for that long , i have wall to wall carpet with a persain cat . i also don not like the way the hepa filter is on the basket it sits right in the middle of where you collect the dirt and that collects most of the cat hair and dirt i always had to use a air compressor to blow out the dirt every time i used it . please anyone looking to buy this vacuum that doesn not have a air compressor and has wall to wall carpet better think again .
2			craftsman	old	hooks	little	design	great	shop	small	extension	perfect			great design , tight tolerance , perfect addition to saw . i had a stand alone router table , but i have a small shop , so this extension was perfect . i got to get rid of my router table completely . this thing has dust collection built in , the fence can be reversed easily , and it installs perfectly on my old craftsman table saw without drilling . it even comes with a pair of little hooks for hanging the fence when it's not in use , a nice feature that the woodworker would probably have to add by themselves on most other tools . bench dog really took the time to make this thing right !
2			product	great	i	impressed	seems	great	purchase	great			great purchase . i ordered the item , i blinked and it was there . i just started using this shaver and so far very impressed and the cleaning product seems to be great .
2			replacement	great	clean	easy	coffee	great			great value replacement . makes great coffee , easy to clean , replacement for the original which came with machine . would buy again . more environmentally friendly than coffee filters
1			actor	good	singer	bad			good actor , bad singer . how did this girl become a singer in the first place ? even i can sing better then her . if this girl entered american idol , she would not get in ! hilary has to get a clue and just stick with acting . well , at least this album was better then her first one .
2			attire	professional	looks	great	investment	great	clothing	casual	use	easy			don not think twice about buying a krusell . i did a lot of looking before purchassing a krusell , and opted to pay a little bit more for a product that appeared to be top notch . it was a great investment . the krusell case holds the blackberry securely and yet maintains easy use . cosemetically , it looks great with professional attire or with casual clothing ! the pockets inside work great for holding credit cards or business cards ! this is an excellent product !
2			movie	great	folks	ridiculous	copies	new	masterpiece	true	prices	ridiculous	movie	fantastic			great movie don not buy the overpriced copies though ! much like many of the other reviews featured on amazon about this movie , i love the film barfly and think it is a true masterpiece . everyone should own this movie however , the ridiculous folks selling used / new copies on this site for $ 100.00 and more should be ignored and not patronized with customers at all for trying to swindle folks for a movie . this is a $ 15.00 dvd . the movie will be re released in 2010 so just hang in there . in the meantime , download it here as a digital copy or from somewhere else it will cost you about $ 10.00 , then burn it to a dvd on your computer . problem solved , you have a fantastic movie , and you didn not spend the ridiculous prices listed here one person has a copy for over $ 600.00 .
2			movie	great	price	great			great movie for a great price . the movie came in a better condition than specified . it came brand new in shrink rap , and i thought it was slightly used . very funny movie for a great price . i would definitely buy from this seller again .
1			visions	horrible	books	worst			one of the worst books i read this year . where to begin ? i have horrible visions of pearl actually growing up to be steve martin's character in the jerk . talk about a walking target . there were way too many characters that had nothing to do with the story . and even the ones that did could have been left out . there were way too many metaphors saturating the pages that i often forgot what the author was trying to say . character's syntax doesn not match and there seemed to be an unneccessary hate campaign toward jackson . i doubt i will ever read anything else from this author and i wish i could get a refund .
2			james	original	cd	great			the best of bond . james bond . this is a cd with all the theme songs from dr no 1962 through the world is not enough 1999 , as well as two alternative versions of the james bond theme one of them by moby that came from tomorrow never dies 1997 , and a previously un released version from the goldeneye 1995 trailers . my favorite songs are licence to kill gladys knight , the living daylights a ha , for your eyes only sheena easton , live and let die paul mccartney and wings , you only live twice nancy sinatra , goldfinger shirley bassey , nobody does it better carly simon , from the spy who loved me 1977 , the original james bond theme john barry and orchestra , the opening credits theme from on her majesty's secret service john barry and orchestra , a view to a kill duran duran , from russia with love matt munro , and the bond theme from goldeneye trailers by parodi / fair . this is a great cd for anybody who likes 007 especially the songs .
2			room	tiny	storage	available	looked	awesome	you	low	quality	good			these bins got me kudos at work . i was looking for just the perfect thing to help us organize and store office supplies in a tiny and crowded office supply room at work . i bought several of these bins and placed them on the wall . i was able to move nearly all of of our everyday supplies from pens , dry erase markers , boxes of paper clips and you name it , into these bins . it looked awesome and freed up quite a bit of cabinet space so that i could consolidate my available storage and use it more efficiently . the employees loved it because they could just walk in and visually see what they needed . it also made re stocking a snap because you can easily see when you are low on things . awesome , good quality , sturdy bins !
2			bandleaders	best	singer	great	manolin	real	bands	best			horrible . why did he have to go ricky iglesias ? i saw manolin live in havana with one of the best cuban timba bands ever assembled . he was right up there with la charanga habanera and dare i say it los van van . now he's defected to the us which i can , in a way , understand and sings meaningless , run of the mill ballads the world doesn not need . manolin was one of the best bandleaders and arrangers timba cuban salsa for the rest of you has ever seen . what he has never been is a great singer . now this is all he does and the result is you want to hear the real manolin , go to or check out his masterpiece de buena fe here on amazon . simply amazing stuff .
2			reception	great	garmin	new	reception	reliable			must have for vehicles with coated windshields , onstar . my 2004 buick rendezvous has onstar , satellite radio xm , and a coated windshield . these factors prevented my new garmin streetpilot iii from getting satellite reception . after talking to a few folks they recommended this item . as soon as i plugged it in using the roof mount i received great satellite reception consistent and reliable reception . i have not lost a signal since .
1			wood	hard	blades	bad	band	new			bad blades . i ordered several delta band saw blades when i got my new band saw . i thought , how bad can they be ? well , really bad is the answer . all of them . cutting 3 4 hard wood was like cutting steel . i got some blades from another vender and it made a world of difference . don not waste money on delta blades . zero would be a better rating .
1			students	poor	people	normal	friends	old			self indulgent tripe . what secondtonone myther rector and maximost bridges maker was the first to rise taller through his beanstale than thebluegum buaboababbaun or the giganteous wellingtonia sequoia ; went nudiboots with trouters into a liffeyette when she wasbarely in her tricklies ; was well known to claud a conciliationcap onto the esker of his hooth if i wrote this and attempted to pass this off as a novel , no one would ever read it . if they did , they would correctly assume that i am , in fact , a pompous erudite fool . and by the way , i know that there are a million academics rating this book that will come on here and tell me how completely wrong my point of view is . but guess what ? i don not care and i will never actually read any of your responses . save it for your poor students and old , bearded friends wearing tweed jackets with elbow the rest of you normal people stay away from this book .
1			movie	terrible	nothing	scary	story	stupid	movie	bad			a terrible movie . this is a really , really bad horror movie . to begin with , the story is very stupid . the forbidden forest ? the monsters come to the village ? what it that in the end ? one of them with a i can not deny there are some scary nothing to jump off the seat , and i think that's what we are all looking for with this so called horror movie
2			you	good	fit	great			great fit . love the fit only i wish i had ordered petite , not sure if they even come in petite . i am 5 3 and had to have about 2 taken off so girls if you are taller you are good .
2			it	right	tv	little	sound	good	it	great	hd	true	application	small	inputs	normal			get it and get it right ! why can not anyone list this wonderful little hd tv correctly . i purchased one at wally world and it works great ! the sound is very good too . it has the normal hd tv inputs plus the atsc tuner . and it even has vga input so i can connect it to my notebook pc and watch my baseball games on a better is a true hd tv . the resolution is 850 1 an not the 400 1 as shown in this for your bedroom or any small room application . it's great !
1			thing	bad	version	theatrical	look	good			i will not purchase until the extended version is released . greed is always a bad thing in the end . it is shame to tarnish such a wonderful landmark movie with such a greedy attitude of withholding the extended version for so long . 2011 or 2012 you got to be kidding me . by the time the actual extended version is released will i still want to buy it ? who knows , but i do know i won not be buying the theatrical version . i would rather re watch my extended version lor dvds which look pretty good played with my ps 3 s up scaling .
2			areas	large	size	great	layer	additional	feature	hard	comfort	additional			exactly as described . this heating pad is a great size for application to large areas of the body lower back , thigh , wrap around an arm / elbow , etc . the heat cycle keeps it from becoming uncomfortably warm and the lack of automatic shut off is a hard to find feature . the cover comes off easily , launders well , and isn not scratchy though i usually have an additional layer of pillowcase or light towel between my skin and the heating pad for additional comfort .
2			game	great			2000 vs 3000 . i bought sim city 3000 a while ago and i play the game a lot . i also have sim city , and sim city 2000 the game is a lot of fun , detail is a lot better than 2000 and there is more to do with this game . but even though it is a great game , it is almost the same as 2000 my sugestion is that if you have sim city 2000 and want beter game play i wouldn not buy this , but if you don not have sim city 2000 and are trying to decide whether to buy 2000 or 3000 i would definately buy 3000 even if it cost a little more .
2			cable	great	cable	expensive	cable	similar			why pay more ? i know its great to buy some gear from monster cable cause its so much better right ! wrong i own a similar cable but i paid 25 less including shipping and tax . my friend the audio expert couldn not tell the difference between my cable and and his expensive cable . so i would save the money look on line for accoustic research . search for accessories and they could be 4 less for these cables . like i said its not worth the money , all my cables are ar and they sound great .
2			user	former	results	mixed	products	various	nails	great			dissapointing . i have various used sally hansen products with mixed results . however the claims for this product are totally unfounded . this product did not protect my nails in the lea st a simple bump results in splts and breaks even when my nails are down to the nubs , as they are now . i have always had great nails my one vainty . i used to depend on s . h products to keep them that way . not this one , and as a former user i am no longer going to spend money if the products don not keep their promises .
1			it	hate	niad	typical	character	good	inspector	poor			let carol ashton die with dignity . i hate it when a good character gets boring , and that's what has happened to poor detective inspector carol ashton . i think this series either needs to retire or be reborn . actually it could have stopped several books before . what happened to carol ? she use to be intriguing , multidementional , not to mention sexy . now we the typical niad 200 page , spit out another of a series of watered down maybe edited out , over priced piece of junk . my hope is when number 14 shows up i have enough sense to hold on the my money .
2			movie	great			great movie . this is a great movie , it shows the determination and how i feel a lot of things would actually happen
2			video	classic	it	great			blast from the past . this is a classic 1980 s video . it was great when it came out , and it stands the test of time today . if you want a throwback to some 80 s nostalgia , watch this film !
2			novel	great	felt	good	lesson	greatest	luck	good			god is love . what a great christian novel . i read it in a day . thank you ms muray for giving us a story that is relatable . a story of love , hate , trust , betrayal , loyalty , and fidelity . the greatest lesson was in forgiveness and faith . i felt so good after reading temptation . as kyla kept saying god must keep god the center of our life . good luck .
2			dvd	fantastic	treat	real	vocals	excellent			fantastic dvd . this is a fantastic dvd of the 1992 atlantic city , nj concert . i recommend it anyone . if you haven not seen it , you are in for a real treat . the vocals are excellent .
2			writing	great			one you will want to reread . suggest you go ahead and buy this one as you will want to reread it , as you will the first two of this story . the writing is great and as with the first two books , quite refreshing . sams consistant character developement and syntax are a wonder . there was very little i did not ejoy in this book and the first two of the series . thank you again mr sa ms
1			i	worst	calls	numerous	service	horrible			avoid this tv ! i bought this model from circuit city , when they were still around . within four months had to have numerous service calls while it was still under warranty . replaced the lamp , after out of warranty . but the worst , of the worst i got the white dot problem on this tv . it starts with one dot on the screen and then multiplies to thousands of white dots on your screen . samsung has horrible , horrible customer service . they will not help you . i battled for many months with samsung and they were horrid to work with . i will never , ever buy anong samsung product . avoid this model , like the plague !
2			porter	familiar	gift	great	introduction	great	songs	best			a great gift for any cole porter fan . the best of cole porter contains some of his best songs ever in my opinion at least . the only thing that would make this item better is if it contained all of mr porter's songs . for anyone not to familiar with cole porter , this book offers a great introduction to his music .
2			disappointment	complete	episodes	great	commentary	terrible	stupin	ok	change	disappointing	fans	true	dvd	great	it	bad	season	particular			great episodes terrible commentary . this season might still be my favorite episode of the whole series but i found the commentary on this particular season to be horrendous . people who purchase the season 3 dvd do not want to hear 30 minutes of commentary about kerr smith directing an episode in season 5 tell us about season 3 give us the behind the scenes scoop . kevin williamson does an excellent job with the series finale dvd and while paul stupin is ok when he joins williamson for the finale he is pure disaster on the season 3 dvd . people who like season 3 also generally like the joey / pacey storyline another topic that is barely discussed throughout in the commentaries . basically the extras were a complete disappointment to all true season 3 fans . the episodes are still great in terms of the acting . the change in music is also disappointing . it's too bad , this dvd could have been great .
1			movie	best	world	bad	us	hate			terrific ! this is the best christian movie i have ever seen . jonathan sperry , a seventy five year old man , who always has a word of hope and confort for everybody , shares the christian message of love , forgiveness , charity and story is heartbreaking and will touch everybody's our enemies , bless them that curse us , do good to them that hate us , and pray for them who persecute us . wonderful words in a bad and violent world ! in my opinion this movie is the antidote to many christian movies and christian preachers that pass off violence and revenge as christian values when they are anything but .
1			output	low	quality	bad			bad bad quality . cheap build , low voulume output and bas earbuds , a totally unsatisfactory experience !
1			fan	huge	book	worst	man	old	book	horrible	king	good			slow and boring . this was easily the worst book of king's i have ever read . i am a huge fan of his , but this book was horrible . the only saving grace to it was that it was set in derry , maine , with some of the stores and characters from it . if you want to learn about an old man that can not sleep and is pro choice , then get this book . if you want good stephen king then i suggest skeleton crew or something a little better than this .
2			i	surprised	nephew	old	pictures	great	pictures	cute			2 year old nephew loves this book . my nephew , who is about to turn 3 absolutely loves this book . he knows the names of all the vegetables , and when he's eating , he will joke around saying that he's eating moy mushroom or charles brocolli . when i first read the book , i wasn not very impressed . the pictures are cute , but not great . the text is a little too matter of fact . i did like the names given to the vegetables , though . i was surprised to find that it was a favorite of my nephew's , since he has all kinds of award winning books to choose from . i guess that just proves that what an adult might find disinteresting , might be just what a kid wants to read !
1			history	hard	history	true	example	worst	seems	crazy	someone	old			when oral history goes wrong . this book was the worst example of oral history i have ever encountered . riddled with scenes of witchcraft , sex , and other crazy tales , true history is hard to find in this book . i would not suggest this book to anyone except for a laugh . how interviewing someone who is 105 years old as the only source for a book seems crazy to me . this craziness is reflected throughout the biography .
2			book	free	it	great			summary for dictionary's . i chose this rating for this book because i didn not think it was very great especially because it was a free book that came with my kindle . that is kind of pathetic . i recommend this book for anyone retarded that does not know anything .
2			visuals	great	movie	horrible	expectations	high	movie	entire	people	different	i	suck			sucked sooo much i cant explain ! this movie was horrible ! i had such high expectations for it . it had great visuals but the story was all over the place and it felt like 10 different people were writing the characters description . the whole movie felt like it was 15 in long , nothing happend ! the heroine didn not overcome anything or do anything in the entire movie . even our 5 year old didn not like it !
2			it	great	it	nice	i	impressed no	use	heavy			adequate . i bought this hoping it would be great but after owning it for a year or so i m not to impressed . the mouse doesn not work correctly . i have tried everything i know to fix it and it just appears to be shoddy workmanship . i m a lan tech for a living so its not like i don not know what i m doing . the keyboard is not backlit although it looks like it should be . sometimes during heavy use i just lose my kybrd and mouse . i have to reconnect to get everything going again . really annoying . i think i would wait for the new 8000 it looks like it might be pretty nice , but $ 300 wowzee wow !
2			opera	great	style	true no	sing	great			this is handel , not donizetti ! she ruins the great opera by using bel canto ornaments . this is not to the true handel style . and besides that , her voice is so shrill that it gives me a headache . look elsewhere for great baroque sing . renee fleming's alcina .
2			movie	great	st	good no	blend	nice	effects	good			korean kult klassic . great movie on bd . crisp , clear and refreshing . it is the story of a family sticking together at all costs . a nice blend of humanism mixed with a cgi beast from the depths of murky waters , government conspiracy and brain story keeps you engaged most of the time . monster effects are good , not the be st that is why it gets 4 5 the acting is good , you will like most of the main to see something of this magnitude make its way to the states , just goes to show what you are missing if you don not think outside of the box we call usa .
1			code	free	movie	scary	actors	poor	movie	original			surprisingly good ! i only rented this because i had a free code to do so , and the pickings were pretty lean . i fully expected some kind of torture porn dreck for example , hostel director's cut or , at best , a mildly interesting tale of adversity . instead , i got an original horror movie , in the fullest sense of the word , with an absorbing plot , decent effects , a lot of violence , and fairly poor actors can not win em all , i guess . the story seemed a bit scanter than it could have been perhaps some bits went onto the cutting room floor that might have been better left in but was satisfying enough . even more surprising than the quality , i will admit , was the fact that the movie was actually scary as well as tense . recommended .
2			rpg	great	information	great	spice	extra	attention	great			must have on every rpg shelf ! this book was wonderfully written , with great attention to all aspects of mexico , not just vampires . the monsters and r . c . c . 's were done splendidly . the n . p . c . 's and the organizations have added much juice to my campaign . the information on travelling shows are great when wanting to add that extra spice to an already great rpg .
2			birdbath	great	storm	severe			great birdbath ! this is the second one i have had . the first one lasted over 10 years and was working before being destroyed in a severe storm . it has performed when the temp . was nearly 0 . sturdy construction . i would recommend !
2			looks	great	clarity	unbelievable	objects	solid	clarity	good	bitrate	high			bright . vivid . . amazing 3 d . you know the movie , what will keep you comming back is the high bitrate quality they use , the 3 d effects are so good that they look like solid objects suspended in air its that good unbelievable clarity for 3 d , 1000 times better effects than the red blue glasses dvd . i use a lcd epson projector for my 3 display this is the only brand i have found to work with lcd shutterglasses movies with excelent clarity , looks great on crt projectors and glass televisions as well . a must buy
2			remote	awesome	value	great			great value ! this remote is awesome for the money ! in a matter of 15 -20 minutes , i put 5 remotes away in a drawer . the only button the remote does not have is an eject button for cd players and dvd if you had to have it , you could teach the remote this function . i was even able to to have the sony remote learn the signals of my comcast digital cable remote which was awesome because i was never able to find a code for the comcast remote for universals without the learning feature . get this remote !
2			age	golden	america	contemporary	it	nice	cast	great			the beautiful gretchen mol . this reviewer thought that gretchen mol 's performance in the notorious betty page in the title role was spirited and breathtaking . the story and script was not over the top and non exploitive , and it did capture a slice and time of american history / culture the post wwii america 1950 s when life seemed tame , safe , and somewhat boring ? it was nice to see when contemporary america at the time had these slight aberrations of slight deviant behavior simmering underneath the country , questioning decency and morals in society , right before the 60 s counter culture was about to emerge . overall , a great cast , decent script and cinematography capturing the look and feel of the 1950 s , and the beautiful gretchen mol capturing the look and spirit of the queen of the golden age of pin up girls .
2			adults	young	adult	young	story	great	portrayal	enjoyable	attention	complete	portrayal	creative	story	romantic			a must read ! although this series is written for young adults , the writing and storyline kept my complete attention and i m a not such a young adult . the portrayal of vampires is so creative and unconventional but most enjoyable . this is an innocent , romantic love story that captures the struggle of a teenage girl coming of age while mixing herself up with vampires and werewolves . what a great story !
1			series	excellent	game	entire	game	worst	waste	biggest			worst game ever . this game is the biggest waste of money ever , activision should pay you to play it . if you are looking for this type of game i highly recommend any of the csi series games . the csi series is excellent and each csi case takes longer to solve than the entire cold case game .
2			tenor	greatest	ones	great			rolando villazon . as musicians ourselves , we are of the opinion than rolando villazon is one of the greatest , if not the greatest tenor of this time . his voice reminds of great ones of the past like gigli and frits wunderlich .
2			disappointment	real	sportswriting	best	swing	great			a real disappointment ! i highly doubt this is the best sportswriting of 1998 littlefield picks two mediocre efforts by charlie pierce , and neglects the superb 98 writings of s . i . 's steve rushin and franz lidz . one has to wonder if a sort of reverse race card has been played here . this series grows increasingly mediocre . you would be better off reading rushin's great road swing and lidz's astonishing unstrung heroes .
1			way	real	day	next	product	old	cd	original	redesign	poor			doesn not run minimal redesign of old product with copy protection . the game does not run without the cd the drive in this day and age this is ridiculous and my copy doesn not run at all . i installed it and played about 3 games . the next day i put the cd in the drive and it wanted to reinstall and the drive kept spinning and spinning . came out with a copy protection message telling me to i needed the original cd , contacted the copy protection people and they tried to help but weren not able to . now i am stuck with no real way to contact encore , but i can send the disk back and wait for a replacement in 4 to 6 weeks and see if this helps , which it may not . so i have a useless product , would return for my money back but already submitted for a rebate so am stuck with product that doesn not game is a very poor redesign of an older version in addition to hokey copy protection software that makes it inoperable
1			book	horrible	book	bad			this book is horrible ! pretentious . confusing . annoying . it should be illegal to write a book that is this bad . absolute drivel . do something better with your mow the lawn or cut your toenails .
1			transfer	bad	tech	high	transfer	terrible	film	good			another terrible transfer of a very good film . too bad . i not s a 4 1 2 star sci fi film . however , the wide screen transfer is terrible . there are a lot of horizontal and vertical lines in the high tech sets and the bad transfer has them continuously crawling in the background . i could make a better copy from tv to vhs . sorry to complain , but how else can we try to get the studios to release acceptable transfers ?
1			quality	great no	part	worst	it	stable no			doa . the item's quality is not so great . it's not very stable and it was not built to la st the worst part is that mine was doa .
1			cd	worst			noise . the worst cd of any genre i have ever hea rd what is it ? why is it ? people pay money for this ? even druged up you would complain to turn it off !
2			it	deep	one	great	depth	emotional	challenge	particular			a most satisfying fall . juliane and ulrich really are legends in their time . she has the dubious honor of being the queen of the frigid and he has the sole distinction of being the king of seduction . as the story unfolds , we learn how very much juliane stands to both gain and lose if a man manages to rise to her particular challenge . ulrich could easily have been a one dimensional character in this story , but dain peels back his layers and we find out how very much he has to offer most surprising thing about this book is its intense emotional depth . i expected a fun read and a great one , since it was by claudia dain . i should have expected the intensity and the heart wrenching revelations , as well , but they somehow took me unaware . this book , like its hero and heroine , has many layers . it is deep , moving and satisfies on so many levels .
2			voices	rich	interpretation	great	voice	rich	style	slow	voices	great	recording	old	countertenor	fabulous	tempo	slow no			great interpretation . i really like this recording . i am not an expert in early music , but i do remember being introduced to it in an old recording of perotin . the music sounded so unusual , mystical and masculine that i just loved it . upon looking at newer recordings they just didn not seem to have that sense of masculine mysticism . the interpretation style is usually very fluid and slow and seems to not accent what i think early polyphony is built upon parallel lines of fourths or fifths which give me a sensation of otherworldliness . this recording , however , has a sense of sacred power and mysticism that is created by those fifths , rich masculine voices and a tempo that is not too slow . the voices are great and the higher voice is taken up not by a woman , but by gerard lesne , a fabulous countertenor with a very rich voice , not thin and weak at all . i can really see how knights , princes and monks would listen to this . if they sang this at church i would probably go everyday .
2			surprise	nice	i	awesome	cd	free			what a nice surprise ! i got this cd because i had a coupon for a free cd and i thought , oh what the heck , i will give it a listen , i thought the first single was is now like my favorite cd i have ever is awesome !
1			dyer	bad	perspectives	liberal	major	political	collection	liberal			ignorant armies sliding into war in iraq . save your money . this book has no neutrality , it's a pale disguise for a left leaning liberal collection of rhetoric . not that the read wasn not interesting , it was . this book is an example of what soldiers are fighting for freedom of speach . too bad dyer is so concerned with the politics of the situation and not the reality of the world . i don not recommend this book for anyone unless you are a political science major looking for liberal perspectives .
2			fasioned	old	opinion	different	video	awesome	lord	pleased	i	young	dancing	wrong	people	young	videos	best			this video is awesome ! this is one of the best gospel videos i have ever seen . many young people think that james hall is to old fasioned but i m young too and my opinion is different . i no listening to the cd may not get you to like james hall but after you watched the video you will enjoy the cd even more . this video brings all the songs on the cd to life . many older people think dancing is wrong when it comes gospel , but i garantee the moves they did on the video were tasteful and i think the lord would be pleased . my favorite songs on the video are , jesus lives , and , god wants a yes . check it out .
2			thats	great	thats	basic	estate	real			real and easy . this has been a no tricks , basic book thats great to begin an investing path . it has helped me get ideas on how to begin making money in real estate investing .
2			washer	great			the floor cleaner that isn not worth it ! i have tried to use this many times and have only seen a product that doesn not work . the pressure washer is great , but this attachment just doesn not cut it . take my advice and pass .
2			writing	great	murders	easy	characters	sharp	characters	likeable	fan	golden	writing	good	detective	good			one of bonett's best . i have read nearly all of the bonett books , by john and / or emery , and this was the best plotted . all of their books have in common very good writing and characterization . most of them , however , have murders easy to spot . this was not the case here and the writing is in top two favorites of theirs include this one and murder in costa brava with the incomparable professor mandrake . inspector borges , in several of their other novels , is a good detective as well , but there's just something endearing about mandrake . this one has neither detective to solve the case , but the characters are similarly likeable , sharp , and a pleasture to get to know . check out the bonett novels if you are an agatha christie and golden age fan . the puzzlers may not be as puzzling as some others , but you get the same great writing and interesting characters to boot .
1			rubbish	bad	book	worst no	sf	best	it	bad			not my favourite ! this is not the worst book ever written , but how amazon can put this in its best sf of the twentieth century is quite beyond me . to me , this is what gives sf a bad name juvenile militaristic rubbish with religous propagandist underpinnings ; stereotypes instead of characters , a by numbers plot ; no depth , no complexity , no intelligence . i read this first when i was a teenager and thought it was bad then . i m afraid it hasn not improved with age .
1			greats	literary	it	memorable	story	particular	choice	poor	story	short			great ? more like unknown . i picked up this book thinking i would be reading about detectives of the likes of sherlock holmes , poirot , and miss marple . the back cover lists such literary greats as agatha christie , william faulkner , and ray bradbury . but when i read the short story by agatha christie , who did it feature ? not poirot , not miss marple , but one george rowland . never heard of him , you say ? well , i have read this particular story before , but it's barely memorable . it involves a minor mystery that does not involve a murder . an agatha christie story without murder ! the editor's poor choice of this short story is indicative of the other types of stories he used to make up this collection . throughout the book i found one tepid and boring mystery after another . i would definitely recommend borrowing this one before buying .
2			movie	great	itself	interesting	music	interesting			the matrix music from the motion picture . alright , so the movie was great . if the movie was your inspiration for wanting this cd / tape , then you have been mislead . the music itself is somewhat interesting . half of the music doesn not have a theme and therefore , sounds better in the movie .
1			crowd	bad	kids	worst	plot	real	book	hate			trash . i couldn not stand this book . it is filled with meaningless cussing and there is no real plot other than these people trying to grow up . they don not seem like they ever will because they are so self centered and morally vapid . this is like hanging around with the worst kids in school and looking forward to spending the rest of your life in prison . i can not believe i m the only person who hated this book . that is why i m reveiwing it . with so much fine literature out there on the same topic i don not know why anyone would waste their time with this . why not read joyce carol oates on adolescence where the girls who hang around with the bad crowd get hurt ? gretchen is a thoroughly disgusting character . she is basically a felon who continually gets away with agravated assault , which impresses her suitor who still rejects her for being fat . how dumb and sleazy can you get ? i thought punks had more of a philosophy but i can not find a shred of even logic in this book .
2			category	bad no	category	good no			come on , ya really listen ? we will file this one away in the not bad not good category . there's nothing wrong with this except that it's boring no hooks at all and that it jumpstarted this poseur's career . magnet even gave him a cover story a couple months ago , and that's just ridiculous . this is easy , adultish conservative , er , morning after music . and i will never listen to it again .
2			pom	little	doggie	great	greenie	little			great doggie treats . my little pom absolutely loves the greenies dental chews . amazon provides the bigger pack of 96 at a cheaper price than you can find in stores . when they arrived today i told my dog her treats were here and she knew exactly what i was talking about . she was jumping up and down and could hardly wait for me to open the package . as soon as i got it opened she grabbed her little greenie and went to town !
1			cd	bad	go	easy			easy come easy go . i see ppl don not like this cd beacause it only get one star . i share the same opinion because this cd is too bad . after this game will be nothing but a doing mixtapes game because thats the only thing youre good at dawg
1			i	impressed no	pictures	bad			canon slr . bad quality pictures i try playing with the perlite and shutter speeds and have been through three rolls of film and i m still not impressed
2			examples	classic	it	simple	it	perfect no	i	sorry	statement	personal	examples	great	note	separate	boy	little	option	best no			ok book , but does not worth buying . i bought this book to try and improve my personal statement for residency application . this book is straightforward , but it is too simple . you will not find any majic formulas or great examples . the examples that are there are very very classic and long unappreciated by the rd's . i am sorry to tell this to the author but the usual i saw a physician saving little boy's life or i delivered clafs when i was 5 and that is why i want to become a ob / gyn are no longer working succesfully to get interview . if you need examples surf the web and then write your own a separate note i thing i did agree with the author is that the use of the online automated services is probable not the best option to go thru , so the answer is i think better write your ow even if it is not perfect you can feel that the person wrote it , that it is not unpersonal statement .
2			functions	cool	camera	good	interface	good	cell	great	phone	ultimate	usability	cool			ultimate cell phone . a great cell phone . i really this phone . the functions and usability of this one are too cool . the mp 3 player palys nice with good user interface . the 2.0 mp camera is very good , i have stopped taking my digi cam to my trips . i never have anytype of problem during the phone call . so considering the ve points , i truly recommend it to any one .
2			people	young	cd	awesome			awesome . i never heard of them but when it said kirk franklin i knew that i had to buy and whole this cd is awesome . you really need to get this album because these young people are on fire for the lord you will be bless ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! all of the songs are fill with the holy spirit . kirk franklin did an excellent job on this and this is worth having . this album will bless your soul everytime that you hear it . kirk is an awesome producer and songwriter . this is a must have .
1			sound	bad			here's why chicago will never sound better than now . i have already reviewed chicago scroll downwards hence the 5 star rating . i just want to clear up the negativity about the bad sound there is a reason . sometime in the 1970 s , there was a fire at caribou studios in colorado where all the chicago master tapes were kept and out of all the chicago albums , this one saw its master tape destroyed . yes gone . hence , the dub of the master tape that appears on the cd . if there was a better sounding tape , rhino and chicago would have found it by now after all it's 2003 and used it here . i m sure they regret it , but there you are . so if you are waiting for the 1 t generation copy of chicago to appear on cd , you will be waiting forever . like terry kath , it is gone . however , the sound isn not that bad and at least the production team had the foresight to make reference dubs of the album . to quote mick & keith you can not always get what you want , but you will get what you need here . cheers .
2			helper	little	supplement	great			little helper . . this is a great supplement to your required anatomy textbooks which most likely reads like a dictionary . hence the word supplement , doesn not replace your required text .
1			god	poor			heresy . this bible is not a bible at all , but is authored by satan , the father of lies , and is the heretical imaginations of a deceived mind , who , in pride , has re written portions of god's word to suit her carnal pride . the title of the book is deceptive , and could lead people into the deception that she has fallen prey to . she is very deceived , and is not born again , otherwise she would recognize the truth about the trinity , and also she is not biblically well read , or she would recognize that jesus himself said i will send the holy spirit and he will lead you into all truth . not she ! ! poor god have mercy on her soul , or she will go where all unbelievers the lake of fire . linnie robinson a christian
1			casting	poor	camper	happy			poor casting ; lousy stands . along w / everyone else here , i purchased these miniatures , thinking they would be up to snuff quality wise w / the woc trade name . no go ! the detail on the pewter is questionable , and the plastic stands were loose / wobbly or otherwise wouldn not fit . going to have to resort to something else . glue maybe . likewise , one of the characters had a shield broken off . not a very happy camper .
2			you	careful	looks	great			a slight flaw . my girl loves it but you have to be careful with it . anything more than a hand wash or a very delicate cleaning cycle and you may rip the mesh of it . nice overall though ; she looks great in it !
2			musicianship	great	i	tired	i	sick	albums	best	songwriting	great	machine	new			thank you , thank you , thank you . thank you new machine for putting out one of the best albums of the past 10 years . i am so sick and tired of the music i am hearing out there . if i hear linkin park one more time i m going to vomit . if you like great musicianship , great songwriting , and songs that actually mean something , then take a listen to new machine !
2			quality	great	lighting	low			the all out everyday type watch . the 1 t thing i love about this watch , was the very luminous , glow in the dark hands and markers very easy to read in low lighting , to no lighting . just the perfect size for me as well ! not too big , and def not small . still haven not took the time to learn the calculator functions , but thats not the reason why i bought it anyways . very attractive and conservative @ the same time . the face and dial really pops out of this watch , and i love it ! would reccomend this to anybody who appreciates fine time pieces . great quality and eco drive movements !
1			service	worst	they	predictable no			worst service ever . they have not even shipped my book yet and it is past the day that it was said to arrive . never use this company . they are unpredictable and you will not receive your books on time .
2			twilight	civil	i	amazed	stories	short	it	worth	stories	great	stories	best			short stories are great . these are some of the best short stories i have ever read . the overall story isn not that great , but it's worth it just for the short stories . some of them are just so damn good i was just amazed . some of my favorites are slumming , swan song , exodus , civil twilight , product placement , and the nightmare box . twisted , sick , funny , and just brilliant writing . definitely recommended .
1			i	worst	felt	bad	it	good	music	terrible	reviewers	numerous	cd	musical			the worst i have heard in recent years . i borrowed a copy of the aida cd from the public library it was good that i did coz the songs are so unoriginal and the singing so cheesy that i would have felt bad having wasted my money on such a non effort . no thought was obviously devoted to producing this musical . the characters are not developed and the actors cast for the role make things worse and the music is just plain terrible ; a third rate version of the lion king , as numerous reviewers have pointed buy another musical theater cd there's plenty of them out there try the producers , phantom of the opera , les miserables , miss saigon , etc that you won not be wasting your money on .
2			it	useful	colors	great	it	hard			good only as a toy kind of . it is very hard , you can not put this stuff around your baby's neck ; my baby likes to chew on it but that's pretty much all its use ; the colors are great ; if it was maybe a much softer it will be so much useful .
2			serbedzija	terrific	locations	great			brilliant love story . i saw this on cable and was bowled over . why hadn not i heard of it ? rade serbedzija is terrific . great prague locations and direction .
1			he	awful	flimflammed	little	fan	huge	acting	poor	school	high			disjointed , confusing film . i feel a little flimflammed having just purchased this film . i m a huge mozart fan and thought this might be an interesting variant on mozart's wonderful magic flute . i m still trying to figure out what the director was attempting to accomplish . it's a confusing , incomprehensible mishmash of poor acting and chopped up opera . warren christie would be a sensation in a high school play , but he's awful as tom / taminumber the only decent actor is the monostatos not waste your hard earned cash on this disaster .
2			i	new	resource	great	concepts	basic	scenarios	different	aspects	technical	pictures	good			great learning resource . i m fairly new to photography and found this book an excellent learning tool . it covers the technical aspects of how a camera works and the basic concepts of taking good pictures that is , lighting , texture , color , etc . it also discusses how to photograph many , many different scenarios for example landscape , sunsets , etc . definitely one of the better photography books that i have read .
2			layout	open	it	portable no	price	great			super cute . my son really enjoys his jitter buggy , it has cute indicator lights and sounds , he loves the vibration , he's 6 months and has sat happily in it up to an hour while i was cleaning . once he gets bored with one side , i turn the seat so he's facing the other direction . i got it on sale at a great price so definitely worth the is a bit bulky , luckily our apartment has an open layout so it tucks away against a wall , but it is not portable and you can not really store it . i do move it room to room without any problem , even when he is in it , i just push it into the kitchen or family room and nothing falls apart as another reviewer wrote
2			schoolers	high no	researchers	young	books	worth	chapters	short	books	great	school	high			six volumes . this is a six volume set of illustrated reference books not for high schoolers , but for late grammar and / or early middle school children . it was first published in milan , italy by jaca books and reissued in an english translation by macmillan library six books are in this order the first people , the first settlers , cradles of civilization , the first europeans , civilizations of asia , and civilizations of volume includes about 14 short chapters , and is exactly 64 pages long , including the robust index and books are great for young researchers , but in no way suitable for high school students . and the books are at most worth $ 15 each .
2			price	good	value	great	films	great			great films , great value . no frills , just 3 great films for a good price . i like the documentaries but usually only once so i like films sold like this for about 9 bucks a film .
2			song	great	song	final			wenham , ma . the song when van is running to mcdoogle's final test song is by bender . called never going to fly sounds like a great song , and i have been looking for it forever . i swear this band doesnt exist or something . if you can find it somehow , let me know .
2			smells	great	they	amazing			smells great & is great . my brother got me this lotion with a few other things all by lather bamboo . they are all amazing . they smell and amazing and leave your skin super soft .
1			it	good	book	worst			propaganda . this is pretty much the worst book ever written . it is , however , good for kindling for a fire in the winter time . or , it can be used as fuel for a bon fire in your backya rd this book is filled with propaganda and hate speech . just look at the publisher . that should give you an idea of how bad it is .
1			screen	small	it	awful	it	wonderful	script	poor	blockbuster	average	it	worth	weight	emotional			well made mediocrity . there's no doubting that this film will be remembered as a phenomenon . it loses a little of it's appeal on the transfer to the small screen , but it still carries more emotional weight than your average hollywood blockbuster . it could have been really awful with the poor script . it could have been really wonderful with such an ingenious idea . instead it is simply an exceptionally well made , but run of the mill story , it's well worth a watch , but don not expect to be intellectually challenged .
1			mic	worst	looked	ok			the worst . i paid close to 50.00 for this useless junk . the cam itself looked ok when using yahoo and inviting people to see my cam . but the mic was the worst couldn not hear bearly did sound like talking into a soup can . but now that yahoo has video calling the pic is even worse very blurry even after messing with the focus . does not stream at all . too late now wish i could take it back .
2			product	great	trimmer	great			great product . i purchased this for a friend for christmas and he absolutly loves it . this trimmer is great he said ; vacuum workes great , doesn not clog , doesn not pull the hair . he / i would recommend to anyone .
2			lens	good	backpack	small	i	happy	lens	fantastic			fantastic ! this lens is fantastic ! it's a good zoom lens , and a good macro lens . if you need one that will carry you through the day and will take all kinds of pictures , this is the right one . a con of this lens is its weight . since it is glass , it weights a lot for a lens , and that can get even heavier over a long day . i suggest buying a small backpack to keep your camera in if you are going to use it over a long day . all in all , i am very happy and highly recommend this lens !
2			mastery	complete	everything	new	nostalgia	happy	songwriting	solid	control	complete	ins	commercial	sense	best	ins	recent	voice	emotional	singers	great	lists	best	everything	old			timeless , super tight grooves by an absolute soul master ! everything old may be new again , but bill withers songs are timeless in the best sense . you feel a happy nostalgia at first listen , but wait a minute and you are awe struck at how solid the songwriting is , how tight the funk pulses underneath , and how withers voice manages to be emotional and exuberant and under complete control . no celine dion / backstreet boys wailing , just a jazzman's complete mastery of rhythm and music . it's shameful that bill withers name doesn not come up more often in lists of the great soul singers of all time , but people are re assessing him in light of the recent commercial tie ins movie soundtracks , tv commercials , endless sampling by much less talented rap artists , covers that can never improve on the originals . this cd is all the evidence needed to place him near the top of those best lists . fantastic !
2			purse	great			purse great for preschooler . my dauter is 19 months and loved this purse . we have a hard time keeping the pieces in it , but she loves to take it everywhere . the lipstick is her favorite .
2			bargin	best	loss	great	i	happy			howard roberts . there are few artists that can match the style of howard roberts . johnny smith , barney kessel are a couple . it took me quite awhile to locate howard roberts information and his cds . i was saddened to find that he passed away . that is a great loss to guitar aficionados . i am happy that i now have six howard roberts albu ms one is vinyl from the 50 . if you love jazz guitar this is a best bet bargin that will please you . the quality and timely delivery from was very satisfying .
2			examples	great	tool	good			good learning tool . i found this book very helpful . it broke down the material step by step and gave great examples . i think anybody entering into any aspect of the music industry should read this book !
2			price	great			excellent product ! this product exceeded my expectations ! great material , taller , and easy to assemble . recommend it for a great price to anyone wanting a pole pad ,
1			killer	serial	books	worst	skills	basic	anyone	bad	story	real			green river , running red the real story of the green river killer america's deadliest serial killer . this book is one of the worst written books of all time . ann rule is a farce . i was so frustrated by her lack of basic writing skills that after struggling through about ten pagesi literally threw the book in the trash . the hype surrounding this writer is just that hype . regardless of subject matter , anyone who is this bad as a writer should be banned from publishing . just inept , uniformed , and downright starrett venice , ca 90291
2			biography	best	work	great	correspondence	personal	picture	complete	it	great	longford	critical	figures	historical			the best biography of wellington available . this exhaustingly researched biography is truly a great work . the author is a descendent of the duchess of wellington and , with her access to the personal correspondence of these historical figures , has given the reader a most complete picture of arthur wellesley . lady longford is critical when need be , but her obvious admiration for the duke does shine through . with all the biographies of napoleon on display everywhere , it's great to see a work about the gentleman who sent that tyrant into early retirment .
2			toast	great	eggs	fantastic	smell	horrible	toast	fantastic	reviews	good			fantastic and great toast and eggs ! frankly , i was highly skeptical on this purchase but all the reviews were good . this really does work well though and gives me excellent evenly toasted toast and simply fantastic eggs . i really am dumbfounded that this thing works so easily and consistently well and didn not cost and arm and a leg . honestly , i wanted jut a toaster but this with the egg addition was as cheap as any four slot toaster i could find and had excellent down side is when i first got it there was a horrible smell at first when using it . this went away eventually but it took a few weeks . really can not recommend this toaster enough . just keep in mind that the egg attachment can not be removed and does take up more space .
2			bag	great	silver	loud	it	big	bit	little			great bag ! i love this bag . never see anything like it in stores around here . it's big enough for two days worth of supplies for a 5 month old . i love the colors except that the silver is a little bit loud . the only thing that i wish it had are more pockets . it has one zippered pocket on the inside . but other than that i like it !
2			effort	outstanding	it	interesting	territory	new no	one	great	it	hard	highlights	specific			neal morse another great one . for morse's second christian progressive rock release he moves away from autobiographical territory and creates a concept album about a man who has faith , looses it , and comes back to it in the end . not exactly new territory as a narrative but morse ads twists and turns enough to make it interesting . musically morse is joined by an all star cast of mike portnoy dream theater , randy george ajalon , and phil keaggy . the music on the disc is top notch and full of all the grandiose symphonic prog that his fans have come to expect . although the theme is christian i think this is another album that just about anybody can enjoy . it is hard to pick out specific highlights as the album flows along seamlessly and is in and of itself highlight after highlight . bottom line , this is another outstanding progressive rock effort from neal .
1			ms	proble	it	expensive	service	great no	i	disappointed			cuisinart makes cheap products ! booo ! my review is not for your service which is always great . my review is for this blade on a $ 150.00 food processer that broke after two years . seems like it should last longer . cuisinart has really gone downhill over the last 25 years . i had a food processer from them that lasted 19 years with no proble ms this one is breaking up piece by piece and it is almost as expensive to replace the parts . i have been very disappointed in several of their products and will never purchase another cuisinart product again and will tell my friends to do the same !
2			newman	classic	bravery	incredible	it	great			classic paul newman in his prime . i have just seen this movie again after many years . it is great to see paul newman at his best in a movie released in 1967 which was filmed about 38 years ago . this is one of the movies that made him so is sent to prison into a chain gang for a petty crime . he finds himself in a very strict , brutal and crushing prison system . the story is about his incredible bravery as he tries in spirit and in actuality to battle back from being brutalized by the guards . in the end , he only makes it out of the prison in spirit . his prison escapes fail .
2			game	great			space colony . this game is great if you like being bored . i paid ten dollars for it and feel ripped off .
2			disc	great	metal	industrial no	metal	industrial	effect	great	lyrics	compelling	will	industrial	rhythms	industrial			and now they get it . the industrial rhythms are catchier , the guitars are cleaner , the vocals are full of sarcastic rage and the lyrics are far more compelling than those found on the first two releases . suffocate hammers home riffs that any industrial metalhead will adore , beg and borrow drifts along with the vocals to great effect , forget your name puts it all together like filter , and the other tracks , save for wide awake , always resonate . great disc for fans of industrial metal no , nine inch nails save for broken is not industrial metal .
2			movie	great	movies	horrible	disappointment	big	fan	big	you	glad	voice	real	boring	old	boring	stupid			this was bad ! this movies was so horrible ! i cant believe i sat through the whole thing . i am a big fan of steve o's thumb movies so i thought this movie would be great but it was just a big disappointment , the dubbing over the real voice just gets old , stupid and boring . save your money and buy a thumb movie you will be glad you did !
2			songs	great	movie	great	school	elementary	howard	adorable	acting	great			a timeless classic for all to enjoy . every year in music class in elementary school i watched this movie and it is still one of my favorites . who can resist shirley jones marian the librarian and robert preston's professor harold hill ? and let's not forget ron howard's adorable lisping character winthrop , plus singable songs like 76 trombones and ya got trouble . the acting is great , the songs are great , and the whole movie is great . even if you don not enjoy musicals , give this one a try . you won not be sorry you did .
2			content	good	read	great	review	good			great read . my overall review for this book is good . i bought it as a learing tool to gain more knowledge of the market . the content was good , i learned a lot . i would recommend this book to anyone that wants to gain more knowledge .
2			favorite	least	illustrations	great	repitition	good	books	wonderful			our least favorite of eric carle's wonderful collection . we own several of eric carle's illustrated books , and this is our least favorite ! repitition is good for children , but this book goes a little over boa rd is this my cat ? this is not my cat is on every page of the book until the end . the illustrations are great , as usual , but the excitement ends there . if you do not own an eric carle book , this one will turn you off to him , and his books are wonderful . skip this one and choose brown bear , brown bear , what do you see ? teaches colors and animals , not he very hungry caterpillar teaches days of the week , numbers , and how eating healthy affects how you feel , not he very busy spider , not he very lonely firefly , not he very grouchy ladybug or any others .
2			limitation	little	receivers	extra	product	great	set	complete	it	nice	i	pleased	limitation	disappointed			deejay 1 . this is a great product with some limitations . i m not certain how the published 1000 range was determined , but using the fm radio function , i was not able to reach more than 70 from the house to the garage . i m very pleased with the results using the rca connectors but a little disappointed with the fm limitation . it would also be nice to be able to purchase extra receivers so that several locations in the house could access the transmitter . i purchased another complete set just to get a second receiver . have not received it yet .
2			seems	powerful	characters	fantastic	fiction	good	seems	true			amazingly good fiction ! tom wolfe draws fantastic characters , especially to this atlantan . since the book is set in my city , it seems especially true to life and powerful . i would recommend it to atlantans and those of you who don not live in my fair city .
2			look	sharp	looked	great			sharp look , tight fit . bought this to make a costume ups man . looked great . was a tight fit and non adjustable .
2			story	great			great love story . this movie is about a jewish teenager who is in love with a much older german soldier during wwii . peter's sister finds out and tries to sabotage the relationship when she finds out that the jewish girl is hiding out in his attic .
2			set	great	deal	great			great set ! great for gleeks . i have been waiting to get the first season since i first fell in love with the show . i had to wait until i could afford it . i got a great deal from a very fast seller and it was in perfect shape .
1			killer	serial	guys	good	guys	bad	novel	bad	idea	terrific			a terrific premise is not enough ! i thought the idea of a female forensic sculptor who could identify decedents by sculpting their faces back onto their bare bones skulls was terrific . that she got into this line of work due to her own daughter's supposed death and unrecovered body due to a serial killer only added to the idea . however , once into the book , i found myself into a rather standard chase thriller with the good guys trying to remain ahead of the bad guys , all of the characters being such a cliche as to never raise my interest level . this author was much better when she was writing about relationships and emotions way back when in the romance genre instead of the thriller genre . the cover really really fooled me on this one . it is a knockout job of a sculpted head in strips by alan ayers / bantam and it totally pulled me into the forensic premise of this novel . too bad the novel didn not deliver on its cover promise !
2			features	new	recording	new	recording	easy	it	compatible	features	great	i	pleased	features	useful			not oast 8 by roxio . my last version of toast was 6 i found many more useful features in toast 8 . too many to list here . just go to the roxio web site for a list of all the new features . it is totally mac os x and mac intel core compatible as well . i am extremely pleased with ths new , easy to use version with so many great features including seamless eyetv recording , etc , etc !
2			judgement	good	enoch	bad no	seemed	amateurish	it	sweet	contrived	little	rogue	nice	spirit	independent	effort	best no			not bad . i agree with the other reviewers , that this book is not ms enoch's best effort . however , i did enjoy it . i liked valentine alot . he was a nice rogue it was quite sweet that he wanted to please both eleanor and her brothers . i admired eleanor s independent spirit , though she could be rather spoiled and willful . she didn not always show good judgement . the plot seemed a little contrived and the villian a bit amateurish i liked her brothers much better and hope they get their own stories . overall this was not a bad not ms enoch's best !
2			book	fantastic	book	good			well written . the book was so good i wanted to lick it like ice cream . how can someone write so brilliantly and have a storyline that is done equally well ? this book is fantastic . you will love it .
2			waste	total	film	great	script	poor	potential	great			total waste of rodney dangerfield & dom deluise . it it were possible to give less than 1 star this mob turkey yarn would get it . i bought it because it had rodney dangerfield but fell asleep watching it . this film had great potential to be a great mob spoof film along the lines of the many mel brooks's spoof films but was utterly runied by a poor script .
2			examples	good	guideline	great	they	right	itiots	complete			not the best , but helpful for clep . this book does cover alot of information not needed for clep , but it does give you a great guideline on who and what to study for clep and good examples on what questions will look like for the actual clep . i wanted to ensure i was prepared for the clep , so i purchased this book and disregarded the other 2 comments . although , they were right about the obscurity , this book still taught me don not necessarily need it , but if you want to be prepared , this book will not hurt your bank account that much . i also recommend the complete itiots guide to american literature 5 stars , check out the reviews , and the internet . that is all you need .
1			i	disappointed	feedback	poor	customer	disappointed			disappointed customer . i received the item on time but it was incompatible with my computer . i returned the item and left a poor feedback for the seller and did not receive any contact about my refund . i have not yet received my refund . i am very disappointed with this seller and will not order from them again !
2			couple	defective	couple	married	them	sophisticated	desire	great			an uninteresting story about unlikeable people doing nothing much in the desert . this novel centers around a married couple who are supremely selfish and emotionally defective . i guess that makes them sophisticated . their friend , follows them into the desert where they all complain about how dumpy things are . they then meet a mother and son ? who are even more horrible then themselves . they travel amongst the natives of the sahara , but have no great desire to know them , and then they either die , go crazy or are abandoned . end of book .
2			quality	great	companys	big			great easy out set ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! this is a match to the simular item that some big name tool companys sell at about a third of the price ! i believe it's the same kit , have used it on a grade 8 5 8 bolt and drilled it no problem . great quality , even better price ! !
2			book	little	wines	good	book	great	wine	good			great little book for buying good wine on the cheap . i know very little about wine except what i like and always assumed the more you paid $ 15 to $ 20 to ? the better the wine . i have actually taken this book into the store to help me buy good to excellent quality wines wines i really liked for only $ 8 to $ 12 straight forward information . no wine speak .
2			stories	great			great stories to relate to and consider ! amusing and fun . very enjoyable ! even hysterical ! i felt like i could relate to every story .
1			i	disappointed	quality	poor	reviewer	previous	picture	terrible	i	excited	sound	terrible			very poor quality . this was one of my favorite movies as a child . i was very excited when i saw that i could order this movie on dvd . i am so disappointed in the quality . i agree with a previous reviewer the sound and picture are terrible . i also feel like i wasted my money . i had anticipated better . i would not recommend purchasing this on dvd .
1			books	free	it	bad	edition	frustrating			kindle edition rating reflects formatting , not content . wonderful book . but the kindle edition is frustrating . i downloaded a sample of the book , opened it , and the title page for everyone . seriously ? luck for everyone ? it's bad enough that you can not transfer ownership or lend most kindle books ; the vast amount of typos that i have come across , not to mention shoddy formatting , have made me decide to limit my kindle use to free books that is , and switch back to paperback for everything else . for what i m getting in a kindle book that is , basically a software license and for what the books cost , i expect a lot more .
1			vocab	poor	product	worst	reputation	bad	editions	old	immersion	total	conversations	fast	it	easy			the worst product ever . clunky , not mac friendly , poor vocab , fake total immersion basically just people having brainless conversations that are too fast for beginners and too insipid for intermediaries . berlitz has a really bad reputation and it's easy to see why when you receive this kind of product in the mail . i work in a school where we receive dozens of products to sample every month . berlitz aside from the really old editions , from the 1950 s is always the wor st
2			version	old	service	great			beastmaster . i couldn not believe how fast it got to was in factory condition and it was the one i was looking for but i was really surprized to see that the sound was in old version was on vhs tape and it really went bad through the years so i gave up on getting place that sold me this is called the book groove , i never heard of them before but they provided great service .
2			songs	great	i	glad	cds	greatest	it	good	music	good	tracks	good			one of the greatest cds i own ! i saw the movie a few months ago in the theatres , and it was really good ! i loved all the songs , and a few days ago , i was at target , looking through the cds , when i found the ella enchanted cd , and the princess diaries cd . in the end , i chose to get the ella enchanted one , and i m sure glad i did ! there's a lot of great songs on this cd , from the upbeat put you in a good mood tracks like don not go breakin my heart , to really sad songs that really fit into the movie like if you believe and once upon a broken in all , this is a must have for fans of the movie , or people that like good music ! p
2			styles	cultural	styles	various	genre	original	art	new	album	great	composer	modern	musician	new	themes	classic			another great album . andreas vollenweider is a modern composer of original genre mor than just another new age musician . taking classic themes and various cultural styles and blending them on a canvas to compose a new art .
1			construction	poor	i	disappointed			t aint walnut . i was disappointed . the ad says walnut and the picture shows a wood grain . when delivered i noticed the box said walnut finish and it looks like particle board painted dark brown , no grain to it . the construction is also poor , i have had to rescrew and glue two of the four tables since i got them a month ago .
1			writer	horrendous	i	generous	reviews	bad			a deal for dan brown . i hate to write bad reviews , but this dan brown hysteria is really getting under my skin . i am going to be generous , however . i will forgive mr brown for being such a horrendous hack writer if he will simply fly high in the air in a helicopter two miles ought to do it and jump out with a tarp , say 12 feet by 6 feet , with no harness , no method of gently unfurling it and no method of keeping it open . once he survives this fall he would , of course , wouldn not he ? see chapter 125 , then , perhaps , we can talk about aerodynamics , terminal velocity and other interesting topics in physics that dan brown has absolutely no interest in reporting correctly . my sincere thanks to the readers who suggested umberto eco's foucault's pendulum , now that is some very fine coffman is the author of steel waters and several other novels .
2			books	previous	job	great	series	great			the third option vince flynn . i just finished this book . my first purchase from vince flynn was his latest book pursuit of honor . i got it based on a recommendation after reading the books from ted bell his series is also great ! i did not know of the previous books in the mitch rapp series . i decided to read them in order to keep it all in context and started with transfer of power . i now have started separation of power . vince flynn does a great job at keeping the reader glued to the pages . he has paid attention to details .
1			mastiff	old	comings	short	dogs	bad	methods	traditional	aggression	severe			for all the bad dogs out there & the people that love them . john grogan is an engaging writer and i loved the story but the book illustrates the short comings of traditional training methods still in use today . i m a firm believer in clicker training which worked wonders for my 7 year old mastiff / greyhound mix who suffered from severe dog / dog aggression see how to behave so your dog behaves , scaredy dog and click to calm for clicker training info .
2			recipes	great	addition	great	rawsome	great	book	great			great book ! rawsome is great for beginners because it has tons of nutritional information that is thoroughly researched . the book doesn not feed you all the junk science many other recipe books do and it also has great recipes ! this book is a great addition to everyones raw library . the book has a sprout chart for a guide , it also has a seasonal chart for when some vegetables and fruits are in season . this recipe book has references in the back so you can always go check out other books and websites . i found the information to be very beneficial . if you need a book with more than recipes and don not feel like reading tons of testimonials and junk science this book is for you !
2			scenes	great	video	instructional			don not buy this dvd if you are looking for an instructional video ! i bought this item because i was looking for an instructional video . i was expecting step by step explanations of the moves . the dvd is very poorly made and they only show you 3 moves and then don not even explain how to do them . the whole dvd is just tight eyez showing you his signature moves and talking . the battle scenes are great if that is what you are looking for .
2			service	great			painting greeting cards for fun & profit . book is in perfect condition and arrived on time . thank you for the great service !
1			refund	poor			poor return refund . unfortunately my wife did not like the fragrance and was told to return product . however we have yet to be credited or notified in anyway that they received and are processing our refund . buyers beware
1			i	disappointed	line	horrendous	recipes	mediocre	cut	worst			prime cut is by far the worst of the goldy series . horrendous story line lacking the humor provided by marla , another of the jerk's ex wives , who is being pursued by the irs . even the recipes in this one are mediocre . as goldy ages , her mental capacity seems to be diminishing . i figured this one out early on and there was nowhere to go because the characters were so unremarkable and totally unlikable . better luck next time , diane . i m extremely disappointed in your effort !
1			stars	stars no	art	good	im	bad			the worse story ever written . this film has to be the dumbest story ever written in history of fil ms i kid must of wrote this film . the photography , acting , and art is good and the film was well made , but the story is so bad that im still amazed they made a movie off that story . its a film that will leave u saying what the hell was that all about . this film was a waste of money to make . and i give it zero stars
2			interest	great	toys	soft	day	next	value	best	seemed	special	tufts	little	they	easy			longest lasting dog toy ever . soft squeak toys usually last about 5 minutes with our four island dogs , resulting in little white tufts across the yard the next day . only the multipet toys have lasted a few weeks while still croaking or talking or whatever . the frogs have lasted quite a while , but when we got 2 mr bill toys , they seemed extra special . our malinois even learned to go get mr bill and both of them continued to be carried around with great interest long after being gutted and silenced . the voice boxes were eventually chewed out , but they were easy to find and didn not seem to interest the dogs after being discarded . it is a consideration if your dogs eat their toys rather than carry them around , but the second mr bill is still a favorite nearly a year later . it is time to get a few more for the new year . once you know they won not try to eat them , they just might be the best value for dog diversion one can find .
1			holiday	worst	idea	good			worst holiday movie ever expect tears and nightmares . seriously . what lunatic thought this movie was a good idea ? my kids are not super sensitive . but really what kid wants to watch santa get hit by a car , mugged , and end up with a head injury ? and what kid wants to see a kid in a foster home get her only toy thrown into an incinerator ? which we get to watch by the way as the doll dramatically catches fire ? i don not know what happened after that because i turned it away ! !
1			it	crap	support	poor	scribbles	frustrating	piece	frustrating	website	friendly no			i wish i could get a refund . well , i didn not buy this product from , but i did purchase it through office depot . however , that is neither here nor there . i bought it and it's just crap . it freezes alllll the time . it does quirky stuff . if i input the numbers 1234 instead of the screen reading 1234 it will say @$ ? 1 or when i m writing it will freeze and when i manage to turn it off and back on there will be random scribbles on the screen from my previous 's sooo frustrating to use . i use it in the clinical setting and everytime it has let me down . i have only had it for 4 weeks , brand i really wish office depot would take it back . talk about buyer's remorse . what a piece of trying to find someone to fix it is frustrating . palm has poor customer support and their website is not customer friendly . and office depot wont take it back since i have had it longer than 14 days . sighs heavily
2			work	best	it	great			the best work out ever . i own some of the watp dvd , and this is the best , it is really a challenge , it gets my heart rate higher than 80 of the maximum , it is great , i lost 20 pounds since i start with this set of dvd , and i am not counting calories , just reducing the amount of food i eat and limiting the fat , and of course , no sugar at all . i recomend thsi dvd , it is the best work out ever ! !
2			product	great	it	small			too expensive for size . although it is a great product it is way too small for how expensive it is . i was thinking it was going to be a bit bigger anf after some research a two gallon just like it for only $ 13 dollars . make sure if you buy the item you have a compact car . other than that the product is great .
2			actors	worst	costumes	good	i	sorry	it	good	odyssey	great	settings	ok	acting	terrible	effects	ok	set	great	characters	important	odysseus	great			great set , terrible acting . having seen hallmark's production of the odyssey , i expected this version of jason and the argonauts to meet those same standards . it didn not ! alessandro plays such a great odysseus , and i think this is what makes that version of the odyssey so great . the settings and effects are okay , but it's good because of the excellence the actors use in playing the characters . hallmark's jason and the argonauts has a great set with good costumes etc , but jason and orpheus are terribly misrepresented by the actors in this film ! jason and orpheus are perhaps two of the most important characters , yet they are portrayed by the worst actors in the film . i m sorry , but a great set simply cannot make up for this .
2			book	good	transitions	good	it	smooth	this	hate	friend	new	it	great	friend	worried	friend	japanese			earley sunday morning review . early sunday morningsummarythis book is about a girl named amber billows who experiences the pearl harbor attack . she always moves her family can never settle down and she hates this . soon they move to hawaii and right after they get there pearl harbor is bombed . she makes a new friend that is japanese is worried because her dad was taken away by the police . amber's dad and older brother andy went out and found the dads location and the family felt better . i like this book because it has very good transitions . the book is very fluent and good for fluent readers who don not like choppy books . it is very smooth and flows well . i dislike this book because it could stand a bit more description other wise it was wonder a one to five with five being the highest i would give this book a four because i could stand a bit more detail other wise it was over all great .
2			itself	great	movie	old			do not waste your money on the blu ray . buy the dvd . no remastering , nothing . the quality of the blu ray rivals that of vhs . i feel completely ripped off . i paid $ 14 for a movie that i could have purchased as a dvd for $ 7.50 otherwise , the movie itself is great . . . but you know that already . that's why you are looking to purchase a 23 year old movie .
2			single	fantastic			one hit blunder . you think you know her was a fantastic synthpop single and a brief club hit in the early 1990 s . it was the highlight of the album , though , and the rest is forgettable . i recommend downloading the single and skipping the depeche mode comparisons are somewhat apt , but c&e ; lacks the originality and progressive edge off that band . a pale comparison , at be st
2			product	great	it	easy	warnings	loud			great product . this is a great product . it does everything it say's it warnings are very loud , and it's easy to set makes my wife feel safer , because were in tornado season . thank you
2			restraint	little	enthusiasm	great	memoirs	happy	love	true			basta cosi . never have i read such a mean spirited book about the most beautiful city in the world . half way through , i had to put it aside because i couldn not stand reading about the author's demands of her landlady . i have rented apartments in italy and never , once , have i encountered anyone less than charming and helpful . this is not to say that travel memoirs are supposed to be happy , and delightful but a little restraint would have helped the reading experience . i have the impression that she was mostly miserable while she was there and if she was enthralled , it didn not show on the page . a much better venice book is a thousand days in venice written with great enthusiasm and a true love of the place . if you are going to live in italy , you are not entitled to complain !
1			vulgarity	casual	poetry	bad	epigrams	memorable			more bad poetry to a drum machine . thank you hip hop . thank you for such witty memorable epigrams like beep beep who got da keys to da jeep and put your hands where my eyes could see . oh yeah , and stop , drop presumably to pick up a banana shut em down . i almost forgot , thanks for casual vulgarity and irresponsibly glorifying a ultra epicurean , scumbag lifestyle . i wish they hollywood would make a sequal to dw griffiths masterpiece the birth of a nation . it could be a documentry about hip hop kinda like the first one and that was made in 1914 !
2			whining	constant	hadn	southern	characters	great			whining characters have invaded richmond . i have read all of patricia cornwell's novels . for some reason , through the last several dr kay stories , whining seems to have become the force majeure of the characters . i thought , when i read hornet's nest , an excellent story with great characters , that maybe ms cornwell had finally gotten beyond the whining . well , i guess not . southern cross hadn not even gotten rolling good when the characters start whining . crying the blues about this and that . where's the story ? where's the plot ? i don not earn a lot of money and my book buying is basically a tight luxury . i don not like wasting money and will waste not another cent or library time reading any more of patricia cornwell's books . sorry , pat , but this constant whining of your characters has become more a distraction than character building . my recommendation david baldacci .
1			it	short	footage	black	photography	professional	attempt	worst	contender	good			what he said . i searched for something good to say about this .1 the photography is professional . those who did the actual photography the film knew their trade . not outstanding but good .2 the black and white footage from the ww 2 era brought back memories .3 it's fairly short . but the memories linger on to haunt your sleep good contender for the worst attempt at movie making in the last 20 years .
1			music	classical	bocelli	bad			singing ! is that what they are calling this these days . this is undoubtedly one of the most hideous excuses for singing i have heard of in years . i thought bocelli was bad , but this kid makes him look like a truly gifted individual . they need to take this mess out of the realms of classical music and give it its own genre schlock . we have become so uneducated about beauty and singing , that we no longer are able to discern either , but only follow like the rats did with the pied piper when someone puts something out there for us to hear . there are truly gifted singers in this world who go unheard because they don not have a gimmick . i sang better than this kid when i was 12
2			effects	great	they	short	sounds	authentic	they	useful	sound	short			great effects but too short . i bought this because my sons needed sound effects for a project . but while the animal sounds were extremely authentic they were much too short to be useful . at just a few seconds we had to tape the same short sound over and over which just didn not work out well . so if you are needing sound effects this cd isn not for you .
1			he	right	mouse	new	design	bad	mouse	mad	day	next	mouse	bad	sux	good	bluetooth	expensive	bluetooth	mad			this is a kids opinion . yea , im a kid , and my dad wouldnt buy me a new mouse since he said the one we had wired , not opitcial was still working , and he was right , so i bought this mouse because bluetooth was mad expensive , and i installed itand it worked . however , the next day , i tried it and it just all of a sudden screwed up . the pointer started getting laggy , and the mouse still was mad ssensitive , making me lose in cs 0 5 ratio ! ! ! and this is what i say , dont buy itthat cheep tilt wheel thing was so stupid , you barely need it , and the mouse design isnt good for the right part of your hand bad mouse bad design overly sensitive sux for laptops tilt wheel is just another one of those gimmicks it works , but you rarely need it sux
1			story	true	towns	small	girls	young	author	bad	men	horrible	ones	worst	seller	best			the truth . too bad the author did not really research the true story of katherine cross death . that story too could be a best seller . it would point to the horrible men not werewolves that took advantage of young girls in small early oklahoma towns . how people of authority took advantage of young girls and when they tried to take care of their mistakes only made worst ones , ending in the death of katherine . when a grieving father could not get justice from the law , he could only speak out against those who killed his daughter . you see katherine has many relatives still living in oklahoma . they know that the paranormal bs is just that bs , with no fact .
1			we	happy	quality	poor	replacement	nice	warranty	original	replacement	new	quality	high			poor quality . my husband and i received this waffle maker as a gift 3 years ago , but after approximately 1 year of light use , the item completely quit working . it appeared that there was a problem with the wiring in the browning control button . we returned this item to cuisinart , and were happy to receive a brand new replacement . unfortunately , this nice , new replacement quit working after less than a year of light use we used it perhaps 6 -10 times . the item is no longer covered under the original warranty , and i was informed by the customer service rep . at cuisinart that there are very few companies that repair such items , so basically , what i thought was a lovely , high quality waffle maker will be heading to the landfill . i would be very sceptical about purchasing this item in particular hopefully cuisinart maintains higher quality standards for its other kitchen products and encourage people looking for a high quality waffle maker to consider another brand .
1			edges	sharp	choice	poor	you	satisfied			poor choice . good points cheep , no automatic shut off after long use . problems takes too long to warm up , at lease 15 to 20 minutes and then not really cover does not protect you from the sharp plastic edges of the pad . can get 's long enough but could be 2 to 4 inches wider , doesn not cover the right plastic crinkles and is uncomfortable , noise and hurt . motto you get what you pay for , and in this case maybe you don not , you get less . suggest you spent a bit more money , buy some other brand not sunbeam and you will probably be much more satisfied .
1			films	worst			absolute rubbish . this is one of the worst films i have seen since forrest gump . i m not sure where to begin my criticism with the boring plot , immature & annoying dialogue , or the generally shoddy filmmaking . if you want to see a lovely gay comedy , see billy's hollywood screen kiss , beatiful thing , or get real . don not waste your time on this rubbish .
1			quality	poor	fan	big	problem	biggest	album	classic	dvd	live			poor sound quality ruins this waste of money ! i was a big fan of the holocaust classic album , the nightcomers . but sadly , this live dvd is a sound quality is the biggest other problem is the band just does not sound very good live . i would not recomend buying it .
1			dispute	famous	book	bad	states	united	it	funny	it	historical no	history	good	book	good			good but not history . for the person who likes reading book , especially history , this book will please you in that it is a funny , and well thought through the other hand , to the history student , this is not the book that i would use for any history paper or project . althought this book is about the very people invloved in the making of the most famous border dispute in the united states , it is not very historical . this book has conversations with such pioneers as george washington and benjamin franklin but there is no evidence that these conversation really happened , in fact i question that they really could have . the thing to remember about this book is that it is all imagined by the author and to use it in a research paper would be the writer's negligence because this book is not a replacement for fact . a good fiction book , a bad history book .
2			letdown	real	india	exotic	book	next	luck	good	it	good	writers	willing	banerjee	capable	cover	terrible	anticipation	great	thing	nice			chitra banerjee is probably capable of better writing . i bought sister of my heart with great anticipation . sorry it turned out to be a real letdown . i resent writing that tries to substitute exoticism for , the cave of rubies had me rubbing my eyes in far are indian writers willing to go to peddle exotic india to the west ? there is so much about india that can be conveyed without having to resort to exoticism . arranged marriage was very sister of my heart is a terrible cover is well designed and thats the only nice thing i can say about the book . its too much of a rehash of the ultrasound for it to be published separately as a novel . good luck with your next book , chitra . i hope it turns out to be as good as arranged marriage .
1			polyester	great no			returned this . didnt fit properly on my stroller and the material is not of desirable quality . . its all polyester which was not great for my baby . i prefer natrual fibers
2			game	great	balance	good	unumber	original			gone and messed up a great game . uno is a wonderful game , simple , requiring thought , tactics , and strategy , posessing a good balance of chance and ability , easily carried , simple enough for a sharp four year old , and challenging enough for any attack pretty much ruined all the advantages , making the game only of interest to people who are fixated on the badly made gadget . with the card shooter , the game is much more heavily dependant on whether you get cards from the machine and how many . with the machine , it will no longer fit in a jacket pocket . and frankly , the novelty will wear off very quickly , and you will go back to the original unumber
2			actress	great	memory	short	actor	great			speed 2 lack of control ! guy , this is baaaaaaaaddd . i wonder how bullock accepted this sequence you will say money . but there are other ways to getting it for a great actress like her , director jan dropped the ball , and probably sepulted this series forever . althoug the public has a short memory ! horrible . dafoe , a great actor , also surprised me , accepting the role of a hijacker . b !
2			book	easy	condition	great	book	good			probably a good book for women being abused . the book was easy to order , it arrived in a timely manner and was in great condition . my only problem was that it was supposed to discuss men being abused by their wifes . but it did not cover that type of spousel abuse as it was advertised to discuss .
2			film	great	awaking	sexual			gothic fantasy . what might have been a great film was ruined for me by an unfortunate turn into gothic fantasy . i guess that was the intent , but then what is the film about ? it's not about art or dance , or sexual awaking ; it's about the onset of aberrant insanity so extreme in it's consequences that it approaches a betty davis horror film . not something i would like to sit through twice .
1			idea	bad			not for freezers . i purchased this to track temperature swings in my freezer . bad idea . the display was blank until i took it out of the freezer and let the unit warm up . the display started working once it got up to about 30 degrees . i am debating whether or not to keep the unit outside the freezer and break the seal by closing the door on the wires . bottom line not for environments where the unit will need to be used in below freezing applications .
2			hopes	high	bottles	great			not for arthritic hands . i purchased this as a christmas present for my wife . she has artritis in her hands and great difficulty opening wine bottles . i had high hopes that this would be the solution . it was not . still too much effort . inserting the needle is not all that easy . then , to add insult to injury , i discovered that it couldn not be returned . something about containing hazardous materials / . they had no trouble mailing it to me . i see no reason why i can not mail it back .
1			job	nice	introduction	nice	symphony	modern	interpretation	great no			nice job , but not great . well this recording provides a nice introduction to the roman trilogy of respighi . however , the recording lacks in many areas . though very well played techincally , the interpretation is not great , evn if it is ormandy at the helm . ormandy is well established , but he is a man who encourages conductors to add or modify parts such as in mozart or beethoven in order to take advantage of the modern symphony's capabilities . anyone who rewrites or edits beethoven is taking many liberties . as far as this cd is concernd however , it does not have the life or energy that the philharmonia orchestra has in its recording . this recording is bland and straight forwa rd also , i question the actual recording techniques as well in this cd . if you want a spectacular performnce and recording to boot , do not buy this cd . get the philharmonia orchesra recording .
2			concept	great			boring . while this is based on a great concept , i felt that it took too long to build up suspense and was not really that frightening .
2			i	disappointed	suspense	great	disappointment	big	concept	interesting	suspense	romantic			big disappointment . i agree with one of the other readers about this book being a let down . this was in my opinion not a great romantic suspense as stated by yet another reviewer . where was the warmth and romance between michael and ellie ? the concept was interesting , but the suspense was lacking . at some points the book did peek my interest only to loose me shortly after . overall i was disappointed .
1			movies	worst	girl	good			one of the worst movies i have ever watched . just awful , right up there with the good bye girl and space balls in terms of bad not rent this movie . you will regret it if you rent it .
1			juicer	bad	it	stable no	deal	good			bad juicer . the juicer changes directions abruptly . it also is not stable . yes , it does juice a good deal ends on the counter . as someone mentionned in another review , if you remodel your kitchen and hire a couple of wrestlers to hold the juicer in place , it is not so bad !
1			quality	poor	strength	poor	life	good no	phone	old			poor signal strength and poor voice quality . this phone has very poor signal strength compared to old verizon phone . and poor voice quality . battery life not good , alarm clock doesn not work .
1			support	french	it	available	ratio	original	dvd	bad	features	good	movie	good			good movie , bad dvd . i would love to buy this movie on dvd , but only after good features have been added . first of all , widescreen . no dvd should be released without the original aspect ratio . second , this paris based movie should have full french language support . i checked other regions for this dvd and it is available in widescreen with french , but not here in region 1 where both english and french are official languages both languages should be supported in both audio and subtitles on all region 1 dvds . other dvd features , such as audio commentaries , featurettes , and other forms of information , would be much appreciated .
2			cable	short	comings	short	problem	biggest	drive	great			steer clear . drive crashed less than 24 hours after my first review . i purchased this item several months ago . my biggest problem is the short cable it comes with . other problems which have been previously noted by earlier reviewers very loud , it gets extreemly hot , and it is only 465 . if you can live with these short comings it is a great drive for you . update it has been less than 24 hours since i wrote the first part of this review the drive has crashed . in the middle of writing to the drive it crashed . iomega will replace the drive but they will not fix the drive and return to me , and iomega told me to recover the data on the drive about 50 will cost a very reasonable $ 1000
1			movie	bad	movie	worst			van damme's worst b movie . derailed is something like a bad tv action soap movie is a shame .
1			things	bad	pc	old	sites	technical	drive	hard			saved by norton antivirus and amazon . norton antivirus let me know that turbotax wanted to do bad things . amazon reviews and technical sites told me what ituit wanted to do . taxcut and money 2003 for me rebates in 10 calendar days . btw the hard drive on my old pc with many years of tax data finally died today . i have my taxcut backed up to another pc and just did a test printing of my almost finished return . where would have ttax left me .
1			feel	silly	reviewers	previous	guy	japanese	acting	bad	job	nice			they are not lying . this is a review of just the cyberwoman episode . i wish i could wipe this episode from my memory . i really like scifi and powered my way through five seasons of primeval without a second thought about the usefulness of the time i spent on it but this episode made me feel silly for watching . the previous reviewers aren not lying , the acting is bad in this one except the japanese guy , so the guest actor with the fewest lines did well at least . some positives to be fair , they did a really nice job on the fake body with all the metal stuck through it . aces to the prop team , and even though lisa's metal suit design would look at home on the set of power rangers or xena it was at least really well built . oh , and the actor who plays jack was good at acting like he was being electrocuted . that's all the positives i have yeah , skip this one . at least now i can get some sleep instead of getting hooked into watching another episode .
1			science	bad			i love doug's writing , but not this one . i love doug's writing ; i have seen him read twice i saw him earlier this year in his first public appearance since his self imposed public exile and read all of his books . but his latest attempt falls so short in plot development , the reader is left wishing she / he didn not taint her / his view of doug by buying girlfriend in a coma . i wish mr coupland would stick to doing what he does best observing the world around him and describing it through his ironic characters instead of subjecting his readers to a superfical , moralizing ride through a bad science fiction tale .
1			selection	bad			bad selection . we bought this swing for our child and she loves to sleep in it . however , the swing is highly dysfunctional and we have had to take it back twice . i will not get the same swing again .
1			player	portable	product	worst			not worth the money . worst baby product i purchased , i should have just purchased a portable cd player . this product constantly eats batteries , it skips and the volume low . i would not recommend purchasing this product .
2			book	great			what a load of baloney . this book depends upon count em five works from the nineteenth century , all of which have been debunked by scholars . it is a wonderful fantasy . if you like reading fantasy , and can accept it as such , it will be a great book for one to read . however , ask yourself what has happened to hal lindsey in the last 36 years he made a fortune , now owns several homes and luxury cars . strange way , don not you think , for one to show his belief that the end is near ?
1			stars	stars no	ge	ashamed	phone	bad			press memo to receive setup instructions . this phone is unbelievably bad . static , calls dropped , handsets don not work reliably , confusing base station keys and worst the voice message it emits at random times press memo to receive setup instructions , which cannot be erased , stopped , or disables . if you google this phone you will see that many , many people who have bought the phone have this phone is so bad that i will never buy a ge phone again of any type . if i could have submitted this review with zero stars , i would have , because this product doesn not deserve even one star . ge should be ashamed of itself .
1			babies	local	construction	poor	sense	little			poor construction and directions . my husband and i bought this from a local babies r us . upon attempting to put it together , we found that the pieces snapped in in such a way that misaligned other parts , making it impossible to put together . on top of that , the instructions were poorly written . a little common sense will help with this , but it does no good when the construction is flawed . we are returning it .
1			construction	poor	bracket	hard	case	suck	case	new	clips	little			this case sucks . i was surprised at the poor construction of this case . the holes drilled for screws to hold the hard drive bracket in place do not line up to the bracket itself . there are flimsy little plastic clips that broke of when i was inserting the hd . however the hd works . i am looking for a new case to enclose my hd .
1			biography	worst	values	traditional	comment	stupid	book	horrible			worst biography ever . this book was absolutely horrible . this is the most ignorant biography i have ever read . rummel is constantly criticizing every aspect of her that doesn not agree with traditional american values . every time the communist party comes up in the book , rummel inserts some incredibly ignorant and stupid anti communist comment . there are so many interesting and well written books about this amazing woman's life , don not read this one .
1			i	upset	video	poor			there are better videos out there . i really tried to listen and learn from this video but the video was poor in content , dry , and the speaker was a bore . the speaker looked like he would rather be eating glass than talking to the crowd and put up charts that look like spaghetti and says . buy right here , you see ? i learned absolutely zero , i m upset i paid money for it . to be more specific about the video , all i can honestly think of to tell you about with regards to the last hour of looking at the charts presented was the revelation . buy right here when the stock bottoms and the volume goes up . no flow , totally sporadic content .
1			villian	main	game	good	villian	black	graphics	terrible	games	worst	boy	little			why does everyone like this ? seriously , it's one of the worst games ever ! terrible graphics , especially compared to the ps triple's , no voice acting , boring puzzles , and above all , it stars a little fruity fairy boy who wears green panties and never hits on any of the babes in this game . plus why is the main villian black ? that's racist ! for a good zelda game , i recommend link the faces of evil , the wand of gamelon , or zelda's adventure .
2			looks	horrible	box	awesome			it turned colors about three days after i brought it . i really liked it when i first got it and the box it came in was awesome ! but it turned colors after the first three days . it looks horrible now im really sad because i realllyy liked it and planned to wear it for a lonnnng time /
2			looks	decent	while	good	reviews	great			good while it lasted but only lasted a month . the light looks pretty decent , the reviews were great , but mine stopped working 2 days after the return window expired ! the light comes on when i flick the switch manually to reset the mode , but then goes off after a few minutes and picks up no motion after that . would have hoped for it to last at least a few years . now i gotta deal with calling the manufacturer to figure out the issue .
1			money	good	decision	bad	taste	horrible			disappointment in a box ! we were so looking forward to getting this kit . i had read the reviews and though there some who didnt like it the majority did . i had misgivings but my daughter talked me into it very bad decision . the pearl tapioca had a disgusting texture and a horrible taste . the drink itself was chalky and grainy . my daughter gagged and almost threw up when she tasted it . we tried to enjoy it because i had paid a lot to try bubble tea . what a waste of good money !
2			question	main	listen	good no	waste	complete no	song	great	life	short	drive	great	rock	hard			could have been a . three . three stars , i mean , of course . this one has one decent ballad in its first track this could be the right one which is sappy enough and cynical enough not to be a complete waste . an ok song , overall . but for me this is an album of gimme that thing called love that's a great hard rock song with catchy tune , great drive and it definitely goes to my hit li st rock on ! as for the main question on your mind do i buy this piece of silicon or not . c mon tell me man ! i am counting on ya ! i beg you . well probably the answer is number this is too generic . i am not saying it's not a good listen . it's getting a b from me but you can build a tower of babel from b records issued just in the last 24 hours and then had left some enough to give everybody in china coasters for their teacups . life is too short to listen to all b records out there so my advice is this buy tracks 1 and 7 somewhere itunes , napster or . and move on .
1			mixing	atrocious	songs	worst	songs	good	playing	atrocious			how . how can someone say that this is good ? it has some good songs included one of them not being the awful wasted love one of the worst maiden songs ever , along with the apparition and weekend warrior by coincidence , all of them having the hand of janick gers on composition . but the playing and mixing is just atrocious !
1			packing	poor	customer	poor			very poor packing . when i received my glasses 2 were broken , so i only got 4 instead of the 6 i paid for . the box of glasses was placed in another box with one air pillow . i honestly couldn not believe how poor it was packed . iv e had a pair of jeans packed better than these glasses were . i notified them as soon as i received them but never heard a wo rd poor customer service . beware of ordering .
1			service	poor			do not purchase ! i purchased this refrigerator based on the reviews here . it stopped working after 1 month . customer service has been poor . would not buy again .
2			movie	great	product	poor	dvd	new	it	great	i	pleased no	dvd	particular	gash	large			great movie , but poor product . for sure , i only spent $ 8 on this dvd new , but i would have expected it to come in better condition . my dvd which was listed as new came to me in a package , and i could immediately hear my disc bouncing all around inside the box . when i removed the package , i saw that my box was cracked in the back with a large gash going down the middle of the back . the dvd itself had a few scratches on the back of it probably from being jingled inside the case so much . i am not pleased with this because i could have spent less on a used dvd , and gotten a better quality product with less for the movie itself , i already know it's great because i had seen it previously . i just hope my particular dvd plays in its present condition . i will never order another dvd from the people i ordered from . you have been warned .
2			nothing	great	songs	good			boring . last 2 albums have been stale . there have been a few good songs here and there but nothing great . i think this band need to get back to the last fair deal and tonights decision style . they were realy sounding great on these
1			dictionary	italian	experience	terrible	dictionary	mediocre	batteries	new	experience	bad	occasions	separate			beware of this company ! i purchased this italian english dictionary from this company . the dictionary was actually mediocre in functionality , but more importantly for the purposes of this review , it was faulty . after having bought and tried new batteries on three separate occasions and spending hours trying to get it to work , i wrote to the company . i explained my situation , and asked them for a solution . the experience thereafter was terrible i was shuffled from one person to the next , to the next , and was finally and ultimately referred to the person i initally contacted ! she ignored my communications , and simply referred me to a person i had communicated with before . in the end , the faulty dictionary sits on my desk at home . beware ! this company deserves to go out of business . do not purchase their products , avoid having your money stolen , and avoid a bad experience .
1			range	poor			d link dir -655 extreme n gigabit wireless router . piece of junk . poor range . could get only one of my three laptops to connect . returned it .
1			menu	annoying	matter	good no	game	friendly no	reviews	bad	graphics	bad			rct 3 . i went against some of the bad reviews online and purchused the game anyway . no matter what type of computer you hame this game is not very good . the menu is very annoying quite different than 1 & 2 along with calling all the guests peeps . i wouldn not waste your money on a game that is not very user friendly . the original and the 2 d one a a whole lot bettter a lot reasons not to buy rct 3 not user friendly menu and all of game play bad graphics $$$$ expensive
2			flaw	major	it	suck	film	good	banter	identical	it	painful	animation	great			decent film , but copies shrek . this movie is a good animated film , but it has a major flaw . the animation is great or at least on par with what is expected today . however , the film completely copied the relationship between shrek and donkey . their banter is nearly identical and copied so perfectly that i found it painful to listen to because it is suck a rip off of shrek . i found it to be so similar that i could not finish watching the movie . this flaw ruined what could have otherwise been a good film .
1			cartridges	new	problems	main	printer	worst	piece	fresh	apple	bad			worst printer yet . i am a p . c . tech and even with my knowledge and experience , i could not troubleshoot this unit to work properly . i run win xp pro and even though the printer was recognized by windows , it did not print properly from the start . after many hours of updating drivers , reinstalling , and uninstalling , i figured i must have received a bad apple and exchanged it for another nightmare revisited . the main problems were that the photos i printed always had faint lines . of course i did nozzle cleanings , new cartridges , head alignment , etc also , the printer would spool mystery documents that i would constantly be cancelling or it would print half a document and decide to start on a fresh piece of paper . overall , i will never buy another epson due to lack of customer support as well as inferior product .
1			book	worst	books	worst			one of the worst book i have ever read . this is one of the worst books i have ever read . badly written . and not worth a penny ! don not waste your time and money reading stuff like this ! so full of lies
